---
template: afterword
---

# Afterword

For picking up the 12th Volume of “I was Caught up in a Hero Summoning, but That
World is at Peace”, thank you very much. This volume finally brings to a close
the story about the Demon Lord Vier, which can be said to be the climax of the
middle part of the story. The next arc, or rather, the next series of volumes
will be the aforementioned Six Kings Festival. It will be more than three times
longer than the Rigforeshia arc, and it will be the longest since it will take
the form of a festival for all of the Six Kings. I mean, it will definitely be a
long arc. In fact, even in the Web Novel, the Six Kings Festival is the longest
arc in terms of chapter count, and has by far the most new characters introduced
in it. I mean, since many new characters appeared at the Six Kings Festival, the
Light Novel had released some of them earlier, in order to keep the new
character appearance count smaller to a certain extent.

Now then, I would like to talk about the Six Kings Festival and touch on the
story of this volume.

The new character introduced in this volume is one of the Dragon King’s
Executives, Four Great Demon Dragons, Freabell Nidzveld. This character is also
one of those mentioned earlier that had an early appearance. She is the Special
Individual of the Wyverns, which should have been one of the weakest beings in
the Demon Realm, and was actually mentioned by Kuro and the others as a weak
monster. She’s a being who has risen from the weak to the strong. Although there
has been no explanation given in the volume, she is the strongest among Dragon
King’s subordinates, and her strength far surpasses that of Fafnir, who is the
Head Subordinate. As for the reason why Nidzveld isn’t the Head Subordinate, it
was because the Head Subordinate organizes the other subordinates, and is chosen
based on a comprehensive evaluation other than mere combat power, so being the
Head Subordinate of a camp doesn’t necessarily mean they’re the strongest
subordinate.

To explain the other camps, even though the Underworld King camp doesn’t
function the same as the other camps, Ein was the one who holds the position
that resembles Head Subordinates, so in their camp, the Head Subordinate is also
the strongest in this case. This was also the case for the Phantasmal King camp,
whose Head Subordinate, Pandora, is the strongest subordinate. Meanwhile, Agni,
who was mentioned in the latter half of the volume, may have been the War King’s
Head Subordinate, but Ozma is their camp’s strongest subordinate. World King
camp’s Head Subordinate is Lillie, but the strongest subordinate is someone
called the Grass Flower Princess Camellia. I think this character will also
appear later on... someday, I really haven’t thought about it yet...

Also, this is also really a light spoiler from the Web Novel, a story happening
really far towards the future... but as for the Death King camp, the Head
Subordinate is also the strongest subordinate. Well, there are still many of the
Six Kings’ executives that haven’t been mentioned yet, and I think they will
gradually appear in the future.

Anyway, that is how I would like to end this afterword. Once again, thank you
for reading to the end. I hope to see you again in the afterword of the next
volume.
