---
toc: true
---

# Epilogue

Squinting my eyes, I tried to block away the morning glare of the sun shining
through the curtains. I was about to wonder why there were mornings and nights
in this tower, but I’m surrounded by cheat-like beings, so they should be able
to handle something like this. It was heaven... No, should I say it’s hell
instead? I don’t know... However, what I do know for sure is that I’ve welcomed
the day of the Six Kings without sleeping a wink...

Well, to be honest, I thought that after the three of us went to bed, I thought
I would be able to get some freedom after they turn over while sleeping but...
that was quite naive of me. Kuro cutely slept on top of my body without turning
over at all, while Isis-san didn’t turn over as well. Alice would turn over from
time to time, but she was adamantly not letting go of my hand. As a result, I
was forced to fight a long and painful battle against my own reasoning, and in
the end, I couldn’t sleep a wink. However... I repeat, however! Morning has
finally come... and I can finally be free from this heavenly hell.

As I was thinking about this, Kuro was the first one to wake up.

[...Umyuu.]

[G-Good morning, Ku—Hahh?!]

As Kuro slightly opened her eyes along with a cute moan, I negligently “forgot
about the past” and reflexively called out to her. Thereupon, Kuro turns her
half-opened, groggy eyes to me and smiles.

[Ahh\~\~ It’s Kaito-kun\~\~]

There, I recalled that when Kuro wakes up... This is bad! I-I need to esca—I
can’t?! Memories of the past come flooding back to my mind and I try to escape
as quickly as I can, but my arms are captured by Isis-san and Alice, and there’s
no way for me to escape. Then, in front of the panicking me, Kuro’s hand reaches
straight towards my face and firmly fixates both of my cheeks.

[Kaito-kun\~\~ Shyuukk\~\~ Chyuuu\~\~]

[Hnnn?!]

With a coquettish voice, without any hesitation, she pressed her lips against
mine. Before I could even taste her soft, sweet touch of her lips, Kuro’s
tongue, covered in saliva, mercilessly pried open my lips and invaded my mouth.

[Chyuuu... Nhaa... nnhnn... chyuppaa, chyuuu...]

[ \~ \~ ?! ]

Her tongue, which moves in all directions as if she was coating my whole mouth
with her saliva, soon finds my tongue and entwines around it, making the sound
of water resound. This kiss, which was so intense that it almost knocked me
unconscious, continued for several minutes... Just as I was about to pass out,
Kuro’s mouth separated from mine. Kuro stared at me with a dazed expression on
her face, but after a while, light reappeared in her eyes.

[...Hmm? Arehh? Kaito-kun, good morning\~\~]

[...G-Good... morning...]

I can’t do this anymore, I’m losing consciousness... The kiss just now was more
amazing than before.

Waking up heavily fatigued from an all-nighter because of the half-awake Kuro, I
secretly ate one of the Fruits of the World Tree before breakfast. It took away
my fatigue, but it didn’t help me with my sleepiness or my mental fatigue. The
Six Kings Festival has just started, and I’m already feeling anxious. Even
though it was still quite early, we had to have an early breakfast since the
organizers of this festival, Kuro and the others, seemed to have some
preparations they needed to make. The breakfast Ein-san prepared for us... is
quite a surprise. It’s a pure Japanese style breakfast, consisting of Miso soup,
rice and pickled daikon radish, dashimaki egg rolls, and grilled fish... This is
perfection.

[...Wait, I’m fine with the Japanese style breakfast, but what about Kuro and
the others?]

Rice isn’t really popular in this world, and many of the people I know like
Lilia-san and the others would say “Eating rice for breakfast is kinda…” when I
asked. So, I asked Kuro and the others if they were fine with it.

[Unnn? This is just our “usual” breakfast, you know?]

[Eh? Really?]

[Unnn, we have Neun living back home after all\~\~ So, breakfast has always been
rice.]

[Ahh, I see...]

Kuro seemed to be used to eating Japanese food, probably due to the influence of
Neun-san, who is a big fan of Japanese food. She even looks quite familiar with
the chopsticks when she eats with them.

[...I don’t... usually eat... so I don’t really care either way.]

It seems that Isis-san rarely eats, so she doesn’t seem to be particular about
bread or rice.

[I’m...]

[I’m not asking you.]

[Eh? Wait?!]

I wasn’t really worried about Alice from the beginning. After all, she eats just
about anything and everything, and she also ate a lot of rice back at the
yakiniku restaurant... As soon as I thought that I had already dealt with Alice,
she grinned at me for some reason.

[Fufufu, the one who should be acting like that right now is me, you know...
After all, soon enough, Kaito-san will praise me, saying “As expected of
Alice!”.]

[What kind of idiocy are you on now...]

[Well, for the time being, how about you look at this...]

[Wha?! What the... C-Could that be...]

[Yes! This is “Alice-chan’s Special Seaweed Tsukudani”!]

T-This is impossible... She’s bringing out my personal top 1 rice accompaniment,
Seaweed Tsukudani?! A-Alice... W-What an amazing person you are. Astonished at
the tsukudani that was offered to me, I held out my chopsticks and tried it... A
perilla-flavor of the seaweed is refreshing and spreads in my mouth, and its
taste was further enhanced when eaten along with rice.

[...U-Ugghhh... A-As expected of Alice...]

[Fufufu, I knew it!]

Frustrating it may be, but this was a complete defeat for me. Moreover, this is
really tasty. Although I’m feeling vexed because I had said what Alice had
declared, I was more impressed by this tsukudani.

[Even so, this tsukudani is really good. Hey, Ali... ce?]

With excitement budding in my heart, I looked back at Alice... only to see her
holding a sheet of paper to her chest with a big smile on her face. On the
paper, it said “Alice-chan’s Special Seaweed Tsukudani: Assortment of 5 kinds...
1 Gold Coin. Seaweed Set... 5 Silver Coin.”

Ah, shit... this is just a “trap”?! By daring to offer the first bite for free,
she would make people realize how delicious her food is and induce them to
loosen their purse strings. What an efficient strategy it is.

[...Give me 4 of each.]

[Thank you for the purchase\~\~]

It was a complete defeat, but I wanted Aoi-chan and Hina-chan to taste it too,
so I decided to uprightly buy it. Good gracious, she’s really getting better and
better at business... She’s only focusing on me though...

[Hey, Shalltear. Let me buy one of those too.]

[Ehh? Yes, I don’t mind.]

[Thanks\~\~]

As I was paying Alice and putting the set away in the magic box, Kuro stopped
eating and asked Alice to sell one to her.

[...Hey, Kuro. I’m going to ask just in case, but what are you going to use it
for?]

[Eh? Of course, for my new baby castella...]

Now then, what should I do? Seaweed-filled baby castella... I wonder what it
tastes like? I don’t know. I can’t even imagine how it would taste. However, I
don’t think it would go well with the sweet dough, so I hope she would stop with
that plan of hers.

[Ahh, it’s alright! I’ll make sure that Kaito-kun “gets to taste it first”!]

[...I-I see...]

I’m just imagining things, aren’t I? What she just said was purely out of
courtesy, right? It kinda sounded like she was asking me to be her lab rat...
It’s just my imagination, right?! How should I say this... The Six Kings
Festival is about to begin, but it feels just like usual... Well, I guess this
was typical of Kuro.
