---
toc: true
---

# Intermission: Nidzveld — The Path the Red Dragon Took

There exists a monster called Wyvern.

In the Human Realm, they are considered as Top-class monsters, but in the Demon
Realm, where monsters littered lurk in every corner, they aren’t even considered
as Mid-class monsters... If anything, they were perceived as weak monsters.
Although similar in appearance to winged dragons, the wyverns are smaller in
size and less intelligent than dragons, which makes them unclassified as
Dragons, they who were known as the strongest monster, and were instead
classified as beasts with wings... winged beasts. Although they were that weak
of a monster, their meat was of high quality and as they were numerous because
they were beings who form flocks, they were quite popular as prey. Yes, the
wyverns are weak beings in the Demon Realm that they were “among the hunted”.
Especially in the ancient Demon Realm, where the weak are nothing but meat for
the strong...

As she was born among the wyverns, “her” path was also filled with ups and
downs.

It was unknown whether it was a coincidence, or perhaps, fate... but when she
finally became aware of her surroundings, the flock she was part of was in
danger of being annihilated. This was nothing unusual in the Demon Realm of that
era. The Red Dragon, which is far stronger than the Wyverns, happened to find
them and hunted them down before they could even fight back... Before her eyes
were the corpses of many of her kind and the predator spreading despair around
it. The natural order of the world is that the strong devours the weak...
However, that was something she wasn’t willing to accept. Roaring for the first
time in her life, she turned her fangs towards the dragon, which was many times
her size. She challenged the overwhelmingly strong opponent with all her might,
determined to not let it end like this, and for her life to end just like that.

Bearing countless wounds on her body, being so battered that she could die at
any moment... Even so, she stomped on “the corpse of the dragon she had just
killed”, and roared with all her strength towards the sky. She can’t allow
herself to remain weak. She can’t allow the small flame dwelling within her
heart to remain smoldering. If the world defines you as weak, beings who
couldn’t reach the heavens... Then, with the fire burning within her heart, she
swore that she would show everyone how she burns down the heavens...

The was the oldest memory of the memory of the challenger, “Freabell Nidzveld”
and her beginnings.

＊ ＊ ＊ ＊ ＊ ＊ ＊ ＊ ＊ ＊

With ambition burning like the fire in her heart, she continued to challenge
those stronger than her. Even though she lives in a world where it’s the
survival of the fittest, and defeat means death, she would always turn her fangs
to those stronger than her. She had suffered so many wounds that her entire body
was covered with scars, she had brushed close to death so many times that it was
ridiculous to count them, and she had wandered between life and death so many
times, but she still kept trying. What she thought at that time was that it
wasn’t death that she was frightened of, as she is more afraid that the flame
blazing within her heart would be extinguished...

Her body that had gone through many battles... It was unknown if it was because
it had been dyed by the blood of her opponents, or perhaps, the fire burning
within her heart had come to surface... but before she knew it, it had turned
into a fiery red. And by that time... Her position had changed, becoming one of
the strong. Even so, she didn’t stop and continued to challenge those more
powerful than her. And thus, at the end of her path, she arrived at the pinnacle
of Dragons... The Dragon King Magnawell. Magnawell, who had just become
independent from Kuromueina’s family and became one of the Six Kings at that
time, was looking for someone who could be his subordinate, and spotting her, he
tried to recruit her. In response to his invitation, she asked for “a battle
with Magnawell”... As a result, after 100 battles since Magnawell initially
recruited her, all of which leading to her defeat, she recognized him as her
king and agreed to be his subordinate. As she had become Magnawell’s
subordinate, she was then given the name “Nidzveld” by Magnawell.

She... Nidzveld was the “first wyvern in history to evolve into a Special
Individual”, and astonished upon learning this, Magnawell was deeply impressed
by the path Nidzveld had taken. After that, it was decided that the winged
beasts, Wyverns, along with the battle-hardened Wyverns whose scales became as
red as Nidzveld, would be recognized as Dragons, and the Special Individual
Wyverns were specially given the name “Nidhogg” after her name.

In addition, this was completely unrelated... A dragon that had been under
Magnawell’s command for some time before Nidzveld became too enthusiastic... and
the Black Dragon, who was later known as Dragon King’s Head Subordinate, told
her that “If you want to challenge Magnawell-sama”, and as a result, he was
beaten up so much that he was slightly traumatized, and after that, he had
become extremely reluctant to engage in mock battles with Nidzveld...

Nidzveld was a straightforward person, and once she had recognized Magnawell as
her king, she was firmly loyal to Magnawell and worked diligently for his sake.
In the beginning, she didn’t have enough subordinates, so she was given the task
of conveying words of recruitment to Dragons that Magnawell had spotted in
various places... those Magnawell had considered as beings with potential to be
his executives. And now, she was standing upright on a sheer cliff with her arms
folded in unison with her wings, her gaze fixed on the sea below the cliff.
After a little while, the sea faintly glowed, and a resounding voice could be
heard.

“...You’ve got some nerve, don’t you? You want me to be someone’s subordinate? I
don’t know who this guy who claims to be the Dragon King is, but I’m the ruler
of the Demon Realm’s seas. I have no intention of working for anyone. In the
first place, I won’t be the subordinate of some coward who only sends his
subordinate instead. If he wants to negotiate with me, then that Magnawell
dragon should come directly to me.”

(...)

Her words were probably due to her pride in being the ruler of the Demon Realm’s
seas. Thus, she was confident that she wouldn’t be defeated by anyone in the
sea...

“In the fir—Eh? Why is there fire here...”

From the bottom of the sea, the Sea Dragon tried to continue, but a fireball
grazing her cheek immediately stopped her words. That should have been
impossible. After all, the Sea Dragon is at the bottom of the sea, a fair
distance from land... a depth of several thousands of meters. There should be no
way for a fireball to reach the Sea Dragon. Yes, that fireball that obliterated
everything in its path, as if it was digging a hole under the ground, was
something that she thought of just her imagination, but as she tried to keep her
composure, she saw the red wyvern that carried the Dragon King’s message, plunge
into the water.

And then...

“My apologies! I got cocky! I will listen! I will properly listen, so please
have some mercy!”

A huge, battered Sea Dragon was vigorously pulled out of the sea, and screaming
in grief, she was literally dragged somewhere. Later, when she finally managed
to return to the sea... Eingana, who was now Magnawell’s subordinate, tearfully
muttered at the bottom of the ocean.

“...That red wyvern... is so strong. She’s seriously scary.”

A similar incident had occurred elsewhere. Although he couldn’t reach
Magnawell’s size, a Hell Ground Dragon with a massive physique that sets it
apart from normal dragons... no, even from other living creatures... It was when
Nidzveld had arrived to recruit that Earth Dragon.

“I\~ see\~. I\~ un\~der\~stand\~ what\~ you’re\~ sa\~ying. I’ve\~ heard\~
a\~bout\~ how\~ there’s\~ a\~ Dra\~gon\~ lar\~ger\~ than\~ me\~, so\~ I\~
sup\~pose\~ I’ll\~ li\~sten\~ to\~ them\~.”

(...)

Nidzveld had been quietly listening to the Earth Dragon’s words with her arms
crossed as he spoke in an extremely slow and slugging tone, but her expression
changed with his next words.

“How\~ e\~ ver\~ , you’re\~ his\~ e\~ xe\~ cu\~ tive\~ ? I\~won\~ der\~ why\~
a\~ shor\~ ty\~ dra\~ gon\~like\~ you\~ be\~ come\~ an\~ e\~ xe\~ cu\~ tive\~ ?”

(...)

The Earth Dragon was a physiquist... one of those monsters who believed in the
idea that the bigger the body, the stronger the person. Dragons are classified
according to their length: namely small, medium, large, and colossal... and the
overall length of Nidzveld, which was originally a wyvern, was 4m80cm...
classified as a “small-sized Dragon”. Incidentally, the other executives,
Fafnir, Eingana and of course, Magnawell, are all colossal-sized Dragons, and
all of Magnawell’s subordinates who hold great power are large or colossal-sized
Dragons... and if she were to be honest, she was very concerned about this.

After breaching this topic and even making condescending remarks about it, the
Earth Dragon... the being who would later be called Grandiereus became so
traumatized that he never mentioned another person’s physique again. In
addition, he had even become frightened of wyverns themselves, but later coming
to the conclusion that “she was the only one with abnormal strength”, he was
able to overcome his fear of wyverns...
