---
toc: true
---

# Prologue

I don’t have an answer for what I should do. However, I understood what I wanted
to do. So, the day after I talked to Kuro, the 13th Day of the second Fire
month... I came to the front of Dr. Vier’s clinic with Teleportation Magic.

However, in that place... someone unexpected was waiting for me.

[...I knew you’d come.]

[...Neun-san?]

A few meters in front of where I was teleported to leisurely stands Neun-san,
holding a sword similar to a Japanese katana in her hand.

[My apologies, Kaito-san... I can’t let you through here.]

[...]

[I don’t mean you any harm, but I won’t let you pass... Please leave.]

The prickingly, strong emotions conveyed by the Sympathy Magic. It was painfully
clear to me that Neun-san was serious about not letting me through. She won’t
let me see Dr. Vier. She won’t let me go any further... As Neun-san said these
to me, she wasn’t in a battle stance, nor was she wearing her helmet... And such
a Neun-san put her Japanese katana at her side, and put the three fingers of
both her hands on the ground.

[What are you...?]

[I’m begging you, Kaito-san. Please don’t get involved in this matter anymore.]

Bowing her head on a dogeza, Neun-san asks me to stay out of it, in a voice that
sounds sad. Of course, that wouldn’t convince me to just say “Okay, I see.”, but
I couldn’t say a word in front of the pleading figure as she rubbed her head on
the ground.

[...Can I ask why?]

[...If you were to talk to Vier... She’ll be deeply hurt.]

[...What do you mean?]

[You’re the one who saved Kuromu-sama... For that, I am truly grateful. But at
that same time... “You’re the one who has accomplished what Vier couldn’t”.]

When I was told that, I couldn’t think of any words to refute. It’s not that I
was trying to save Kuro because I wanted to save her. Even so, in the end, I was
able to free her from the curse she had been for a long time. I think that what
I did would be something splendid for people close to Kuro but... I see, for Dr.
Vier... My existence also shows her how powerless she is...

[...Vier has always been suffering... for hundreds of years already. With tears
streaming down her face, she apologized to the now deceased victims and
continued to push herself to atone for her actions.]

[...]

[Vier should have been forgiven by now. And yet, she still won’t leave the path
of redemption. Vier will never forgive herself forever. She will continuously
suffer... So, please don’t corner Vier any further. Please, just leave her
alone.]

[...]
