---
toc: true
---

# Intermission: Kuromueina — The Starry Sky with You

———From now on, let’s start from this moment onwards! Let’s do something
different...!

Looking back in the past, that may have been the biggest start of everything.

———...where you—are the protagonist of this story!

Yes, it did indeed begin at that moment...

When I finished showing Kaito-kun around the accommodation facility, before I
knew it, it was already nighttime. This place really is big, isn’t it? Unnn, to
be honest, I think I put too much effort into this place, but when I think about
how I was doing this for Kaito-kun, I couldn’t help but overdo it. Normally, we
would have gone straight to dinner, but before that, there was a place I wanted
to go with Kaito-kun. I’ve already told him about going to this place before
dinner beforehand, so Kaito-kun and I went to that place together.

The sun had completely set and the sky was filled with the light of the stars.
The place we went to is the rooftop of the Central Tower... The highest place on
this island.

[...No, like I said, why is there a tatami here?]

[Ahaha, after all, you really should have tatamis when going for “otsukimi”,
right]

[...But the teacakes would probably be baby castellas, right?]

[Of course!]

I can’t help but smile at these nostalgic words. Moving over to the tatami and
sitting down, I looked at Kaito-kun and lightly tapped my lap.

[But before we eat our sweets... Kaito-kun, here.]

[...Huhh... What’s with you all of a sudden...]

He wryly smiled as if he was somewhat dumbfounded, but Kaito-kun still followed
my wish, laying down his head on my lap. Lap pillow... I really like doing that
to Kaito-kun. The feeling of warmth in my lap and the feeling of his skin
touching mine makes me realize that I’m with him. While gently stroking
Kaito-kun’s head, I quietly shifted my gaze to the sky.

[...Hey, Kaito-kun.]

[Unnn?]

[Do you remember? On the night when you first came to this world... We gazed at
the moon and stars together like this.]

[...Yeah, I remember it well.]

A pleasant night breeze gently caressed my cheeks, enveloping me in a peaceful
atmosphere. Without saying another word, I stroked Kaito-kun’s head and he
closed his eyes, as if he felt pleased with my pats.

[...Kaito-kun, you can just go ahead and get some sleep, you know?]

[...Unnn. Is this where Kuro wanted to go?]

[Unnn. You see, I’ve grown to love doing this... looking at the stars together
with Kaito-kun.]

[...I see.]

Today... Well, I’m sure that I’m a little to blame for it, but he has been
through a lot and is probably tired. Hearing my words, Kaito-kun softly spoke,
his voice soundly slightly sleepy. All it was was just idle chatter. Even so, I
feel inexplicably happy about this. Of course, that’s because I’m with
Kaito-kun. The first night I saw the stars with you, I never dreamed that our
relationship would be like this. At that time, Kaito-kun was but a baby bird who
didn’t know anything yet, and you looked as if you were afraid of where you’d
end up if you reached out your hand.

That’s why... I decided to raise you. Just as I have done countless times in the
past...

I wondered how beautiful your wings would be one day when you acquired them and
flew away from the nest... I was really looking forward to seeing you unfurl
your wings up close. However, you easily surpassed my imagination. Your unfurled
wings were so much bigger than I had imagined, and so dazzlingly beautiful. I’ve
been busy raising baby birds that I had “given up on flying myself”, but you
still “willingly took me up to the skies”...

Hey, Kaito-kun? Do you remember? I told you that time, didn’t I? That from now
on, it will be the start of “your story”... But, I think of it this way now.
That it was actually the start of “our story”. Ahaha, I guess I might be being a
bit too conceited? However, you’ve given me so much that I feel that way.

The second night I saw the stars with you... the day we ate barbecue together,
you’ve changed. You’ve become much cooler and stronger than ever. No, you
probably have always been stronger than anyone else. However, you’ve just
forgotten how strong you were. I wonder if I was able to help you remember that?
If I did... That would make me glad.

The third night I saw the stars with you... it was at the Sacred Tree Festival,
right? Looking back, I think that’s when you started to become a bigger and
bigger part of my life. It didn’t take much time for me to fall in love with
you.

And then... You challenged me. Even though I was such a monster... You still
desperately reached out your hand to me, giving me your love. I still can’t find
the words to describe how happy I was at that time. When my relationship with
you changed from friends to lovers... I felt like the world became more
beautiful than ever. Even the starry sky that I had seen countless times felt
like a completely different scenery with Kaito-kun by my side.

It was then that I finally noticed. You’re not the only one who’s growing up,
and thanks to you, my heart is stronger than ever. That’s exactly why, with the
way I am now, even if it’s Shiro... No. If it’s for Kaito-kun, I can beat
anyone. For your sake, I can be stronger and brighter than anyone. That’s what I
think.

Kaito-kun... You really are amazing. It’s only been half a year since I met you,
a blink of an eye compared to what I’ve experienced in my life. However, that
short time has left the strongest impression on me so far. When I close my eyes
and think of your face, I can clearly remember the conversation we had...

And you saved not only me, but Vier as well. The thing that I couldn’t do, the
one that I lost... As if it was something normal, you picked it up and held it
out to me. It’s really difficult to convey my feelings for you. My love for you
is so great that I don’t know how to put them into words. Sometimes, I think
about it... How I wish that I could convey the feelings I have within my heart
as it is. I’m having so much fun every day now. Every time I see your smile,
every time we talk with each other, I fall more and more in love with you. I
love you so much that I think there is no limit to how much I can love you. I
wonder what you call this kind of feeling? Ahh, I’m sure... it’s something like
this.

[...Kaito-kun, I love you.]

I whispered softly to Kaito-kun, who had begun to breathe peacefully in his
sleep. This love is different from the one I had for my precious family members.
This feeling I hold isn’t just making me feel the need to watch over and protect
you... It makes me wish to walk together with you, supporting each other’s
backs. Loving someone you love is such a happy thing, isn’t it? Fufufu, I
thought I’ve lived a long time, but it seems like I still have lots of things to
learn\~\~

Hey, Kaito-kun? I wonder if you remember about that time? I clearly remember it,
you know? The first time I saw the night sky with you... and the things we
talked about...

Thinking about that time, I feel like my future with you will be happier than
ever before. No. This isn’t just a premonition, but something that I’m certain
about... Because I can always smile from the bottom of my heart when Kaito-kun
is with me. Look, if you turn your gaze up in the sky, you could see that the
starry sky stretches out forever. It’s a wide world we live in.

[...From here on out too, let’s see a lot of things. Let’s smile a lot. With you
who I love, more than anyone, more than anything...]

[...Mnnhhh... Kuro...]

[Unnn. I’ll be right here by your side, Kaito-kun. I have been... and will
always be.]

Lightly kissing the cheek of the sleeping Kaito-kun, I turned my gaze to the
starry sky again. Unnn, tonight’s starry sky... is the most beautiful ever.
