---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 2: Denouement

Together with Neun-san and Eden-san, I walked away from Hero’s Hill and left
Kuro and Dr. Vier alone. The weather was fine, and the occasional breeze felt
good on my body, which had been flushed from all the running.

[Even so, it was a relief, wasn’t it?]

[Yes, I agree. This should take some of the burden off Vier’s shoulders. By the
way... Kaito-san.]

[Yes?]

[Ummm, errr... you see... She has been “menacingly glaring at me” since a while
ago, can I ask who this person who had an outrageous amount of magic power is?
My body is instinctively shaking and I can’t walk properly...]

It’s easy for me to forget because of my Sympathy Magic, but having powerful
magic power could feel oppressive to others, although it may not be as
intimidating as Isis-san’s magic power of death. Although it would be impossible
to put pressure on others with only the magic power clad in their bodies, unless
they’re as strong as the Six Kings... Well, Eden-san has more power than some of
them, so the pressure Neun-san is feeling must be quite considerable. There are
those who suppress their magic so as not to intimidate others, like Kuro, and
there are those who have no intention of suppressing it, like Shiro. It seems
like Eden-san is the latter type... Neun-san’s body was slightly shaking from
earlier just because of her presence.

[Errr, this is Eden-san... So to speak, she’s errr... the God of our previous
world.]

[...I-Is that so... A-And so, why is she glaring at me? E-Eden-sama?]

When Neun-san timidly asked her that, Eden-san stared at Neun-san with a serious
look on her face... before she muttered to herself.

[...This is difficult.]

[Ehh? E-Errr, Kaito-san?]

[I’m sorry. I have no idea what she’s thinking either.]

The words Eden-san muttered made me and Neun-san tilt our heads, but the words
she muttered after that... made me feel like the hairs on my body are rising.

[The soul is that of my child, but the body doesn’t belong to one of my own...
Should I consider her as my child, or see her the same as the other talking
lumps of flesh... How troubling.]

[Isn’t it fine to consider her as also your child?! I think what’s most
important is the soul!!!]

I reflexively shouted. The reason is that I understood what was troubling
Eden-san’s mind when she looked at Neun-san. She was born on the same Earth as
me, the world created by Eden-san, but she was reborn as a Demon by Kuro’s
power. Perhaps, that is what was troubling Eden-san. And although we haven’t
known each other long, I too have some grasp of Eden-san’s overly intense
personality, and I also believe that whether or not she is her child could make
a big difference in how she treats Neun-san.

... No, I mean, she’s totally categorizing between her child or “talking lump of
flesh”, and furthermore, when Shiro-san talked about Eden-san before, she
mentioned how she dotes on those who were born in the world she created. Feeling
that if she considered her not her child, the worst that could happen is that
Neun-san’s life could be at stake, so I called out to Neun-san with a desperate
look on my face.

[Right, Neun-san? Neun-san still considers yourself as Japanese, right?]

[Y-Yes... That’s right. I have been reborn in this world, but Japan is still
definitely my spiritual home.]

Seeing my desperation, Neun-san seemed to have guessed something and affirmed my
words. Thereupon, after a short silence, the intimidating pressure around
Eden-san eased up.

[...I see, it certainly was as my beloved child says. What’s important isn’t the
flesh, but the soul in it.]

[Y-Yes, that’s right! That’s definitely it!]

Eden-san seemed to have recognized Neun-san as her own child, and with a gentle
smile on her lips, she placed her hand on her head and gently stroked it.

[Even if you now live in another world, you are my precious child. If you ever
need help, you can always rely on Mother.]

[Eh? Ah, yes. T-Thank you very much.]

It seems like we managed to weather through the crisis. Eden-san’s love for
Neun-san didn’t seem to be as muddled and crazy as it was for me, and she really
seemed like a mother who was concerned about her own child. W-Well, let’s just
leave it at that... I should thank her for her help...

[...Eden-san, thank you for helping me today.]

[There’s no need to thank me, for it’s natural for Mother to help you... “my
beloved child”.]

As soon as I heard those words, I immediately turned around and started running.
I don’t have any clear reason for why I ran away, but my instincts must have
reacted the moment I saw the murky heart in Eden-san’s eyes.

[Fufu, aren’t you quite lively? However, that won’t do. You can’t just suddenly
run, you may trip and fall, you know?]

[...Ah, yes.]

I thought I started running, but for some reason, I was currently being hugged?!
This is bad, I can’t run away?! As I was caught, red alerts began sounding off
in my head... but surprisingly, Eden-san immediately let go of my body and
smiled.

[...Errr...]

Eden-san isn’t saying a word. She was just staring at me with a smile. Something
feels strange though. She supposedly has a very beautiful smile on her lips, but
I can’t stop the chills that were running down my spine... My limbs should have
been free, but I can’t help but wonder if that’s really the case... A-Anyway,
this silence is hard on my mental health... I think I should say something...

[...Ummm, even if you’re saying that you don’t mind, Eden-san, but since you
helped me, I’d like to thank you in some way... Ahh, t-that’s right! Eden-san,
if it’s alright with you, would you like to participate in the Six Kings? Ummm,
I can invite you with my invitation...]

After I said it, I immediately regretted it. I wonder why I’m trying to strangle
myself... However, it was already too late, as Eden-san’s smile grew deeper.

[My, my, my child is inviting mother huh. Ahh, I’m really glad. Of course,
mother will be happy to accept... Ahh, don’t worry. It seems like my child
already have his own plans, so I will be sightseeing on my own. I need to make
sure that this world is a good environment for my child. Yes, of course, I don’t
doubt my child’s eyes. However, mother is a worrier. I’m just worried that there
might be some trash out there that’s going to harm my child. Yes, that’s right.
I don’t want anyone to harm my child, and I won’t allow for such a thing to
happen. My child’s body and mind are sacred. Yes, there’s no way that I would
allow anyone to defile it. Such a thing should have been the truth of the world,
but there are too many lumps of flesh who couldn’t comprehend something so
obvious. There are also unnecessary obstacles not only for my beloved child, but
also for my other children who now lives in this world. That being the case, is
it not the duty of I, their mother, to correct it? However, there’s my promise
with that God half-body, and I also have to consider Shallow Vernal, so it’s
difficult to erase those obstacles. If someone harms my child, I think I will be
able to acquire permission from Shallow Vernal to obliterate them... but if
they’re still just people who could possibly hurt him, it will be difficult to
punish them. I would like to erase them while it’s still just a possibility, but
this isn’t my world, so I can’t just do that. Besides, my beloved child who
holds a gentle heart may be sad, so I suppose it would be better to change my
plans. Yes, that’s right... let’s “educate” them. Let’s educate all these lumps
of flesh so that they do not disrespect my child. Yes, that’s it! As expected,
the environment around my child should be one easy for him to live in! Speaking
of which, there were those “fools who dared to give my child trouble” earlier,
weren’t there? It seems like the first person I need to educate has been
decided. Yes, well then, let’s immediately...]

[Eden-san! Stop! Stoooooopppp!]

As I thought, she really is super scary! Neun-san already looks really
uncomfortable... No, of course, I understand how she feels. I’m sure that
Neun-san had also guessed who Eden-san was from the conversation up to this
point, so she must have been quite shocked.

[E-Eden-san, I-I’m glad with the thought but... I-It’s alright! Please don’t do
that! Please!]

[...I see. If that’s what my child wants, I won’t do it.]

[T-Thank you.]

[Well then, my beloved child, I’ll take my leave now. If you need me again, you
can call me anytime. Mother will always be on your side.]

[...Y-Yes.]

Seeing that Eden-san somehow understood me, I patted my chest in relief.
However, it really is a bit surprising... I didn’t think that she would easily
say she would leave. I thought asking her to go home would be the hardest thing
to persuade her for, but I never expected that she would say it herself... Wait.
Ahh, that’s right. I guess it was because “Kuro is nearby” huh...

After smiling at me and Neun-san again, Eden-san was enveloped in light before
she disappeared. How should I say this... I’m really tired. This trump card...
The “feather that can summon Eden-san at any time”, but it’s also a double-edged
sword that can chip away my mind... Let’s hold back in using this again. Even
so, unnn... The way things went, I ended up inviting Eden-san to the Six Kings
Festival... W-Would it be alright? I wish... that it will be alright.

After Eden-san left, Neun-san and I stopped after walking a considerable
distance away from Kuro and Dr. Vier.

[Ahh, speaking of which... We were brought here with Eden-san’s power, but we
forgot to tell Lilia-san and the others that the battle is over...]

[Ahhh, you don’t have to worry about that.]

It was Alice, not Neun-san, who answered the question that suddenly popped out
of my mind.

[I have left Alice-chan Clone #44: Phantasmal King Version over there, so I’ll
tell the people over there what happened.]

[I-I see, thank you.]

[Yes, yes. Well then, if you still have any orders, just call me\~\~]

After she said that she told Lilia and the others about how the situation is
alright now, Alice disappeared again. Alice is someone who immediately
understands the situation and somehow works on it, and that’s why I could really
rely on her. As Alice disappears, Neun-san begins to restlessly look around.
After that, Neun-san fluidly kneeled down and placed three fingers of both of
her hands on the ground... and bowed down in a dogeza.

[...Kaito-san, I apologize for all the trouble I brought you!]

[Ehh? Ah, errr...]

[I’m sorry for the inconvenience I caused by being blind to my own weakness. I
will definitely apologize for this!]

[N-No?! I’m fine with the apologies, so please raise your head!]

[H-However...]

Apparently, Neun-san is very concerned about having antagonized me before, as
she kept lowering her head, as if it was about to graze on the ground. I didn’t
really mind about what happened before, so I tried asking Neun-san to raise her
head, but she isn’t raising her head at all. How should I say this... being
bowed down in a dogeza like this feels kinda awkward... I’m not even going to
ask her to apologize...

[A-Anyway, I don’t mind about it, okay?!]

[...Yes.]

After a few more words, Neun-san reluctantly raised her head, but she still
looked like she was concerned about it. H-Hmmm. The air feels heavy… I-Is there
any good topic that we could divert the conversation to? Something that could
change the current mood...

[...S-Speaking of which!]

[Yes?]

[If this is the Hero’s Hill, the “Friendship City” should be nearby, right?! It
seems like the two of them would be talking for a while. S-Since we’re nearby...
How about we kill some time and look around...]

[Wha?!]

It was just a diversion I suggested in desperation but... Neun-san’s reaction
was very different from what I expected. The moment Neun-san heard my words, her
face looked full of despair, as if the world had ended. As she began to sweat
profusely, she muttered.

[...K-Kaito-san... Y-You were that angry...]

[...Ehh?]

[I-I’m really sorry! I-I will do anything! Anything but that...]

[Eh? Ehhh?!]

For some reason, Neun-san bowed her head again, more vigorously than before. Eh?
Why? Did I say something strange? As I was being puzzled by her actions, Alice’s
voice came out of nowhere.

[...As expected of Kaito-san, trying to take Hikari-san to “the place she least
wants to visit in the world”. It certainly is a punishment that does immense
damage to her sense of shame.]

[U-Unnn? W-What do you mean?]

[Eh? Well, after all, in the Friendship City Hikari, there are many statues of
Hikari-san erected over there...]

[...]

Ahhhhhhhh?! Oh shit! I-I see... The Friendship City is, in essence, a place
where they honor the First Hero...

So to speak, it’s something like a head temple for a cult that worships the
First Hero, and it’s a place that Neun-san would never want to go near. And
then, even though I was completely unaware of all this, I still invited Neun-san
who was feeling responsible for what happened earlier. In other words, for
Neun-san, what I said earlier was... “As punishment, I’m going to make you feel
the greatest shame of all. You have no right to refuse.”... or something like
that.

[T-That’s not it! Neun-san, I never meant such a thing when I said that...
P-Please raise your head! It’s alright!]

[H-However, Kaito-san is mad at me...]

[I’m not mad at you! I’m telling the truth, okay?!]

[In that case, I should really offer my apology...]

[Does my words not make any sense in your mind?!]

[Y-You really are angry...]

[No, no, like I said, I’m not angry!]

[Then, my apology...]

[What the heck is with this infinite loop?!]

...This won’t do. Once she starts thinking in a negative direction, she’s become
as stubborn as hell. I certainly was at fault because I said something
carelessly, but it seems like in Neun-san’s mind... Me refusing her apology = Me
being angry. I feel like this would go on and on until I receive some kind of
apology... Should I just get her to do something?

[...E-Errr, then...]

For now, I thought of something safe for her to do as an apology. Approaching
Neun-san, who was still bowing her head, I whispered to her. What I’m making her
do won’t be too much of a burden to Neun-san, and I’m also going to be grateful
to her for it... I guess it would be a good request for something I thought
impromptu huh? However, Neun-san’s response to it... was also different from
what I expected.

[...Fueehhh? T-T-T-That is, perhaps... A-Aahhh... I-I’ve heard of it before...
I-It was a secret code, right...?]

[Errr... Neun-san?]

For some reason, Neun-san raises her bright red face, stares at me with a
worried look on her face. Eh? What’s with her reaction? Thereupon, Neun-san puts
her hand on her chin. Looking down on the ground, she began mumbling something.

[...P-Premarital intercourse... H-However, I did say I’d do anything... Aahhh,
but doing such a thing before our marriage is... No, but I can’t just retract my
previous statement... H-However, that’s embarrassing... But then...]

[...Neun-san? Neun-san!]

[Hyaahhh?!]

[A-Are you alright?]

[I-I-I’m awwieright?!]

...Eh? What did she say?

[...E-Errr, you could just say it if you don’t want to, you know? If you don’t
like it, I could just think of another thing to ask...]

[N-No! I-I don’t mind! I know I’m not knowledgeable about this, but I’ll do
everything in my power to “make amends with my body”! I don’t mind doing that as
my apology!]

...Something’s wrong. As I thought, something’s wrong. Why the heck does it look
like she’s ready to face her death? Just now... I should have said “I’m going to
come visit her next time, so please prepare something tasty for me” to her...
H-Hmmm. With the way Neun-san looks right now, is she planning to cook me a
fancy meal? It’s not like she needs to prepare that much...

[Ah, well, you don’t have to get that worked up about it, you know?]

[N-No! This is an important matter, so I’ll make sure I’m prepared!]

[I-Is that so...]

[Ah, s-should I prepare a bath as well?]

[Eh? You don’t really have to go that far... but if Neun-san doesn’t mind.]

What a surprise. Not only the meal, she’s asking me if she’s going to prepare a
bath as well. She doesn’t have to be so considerate though... I wonder if the
bath at Neun-san’s home is something like a cypress bath? If that’s the case,
I’d like to take a bath in it.

[...U-Ummm... Kaito-san... Which do you like better, a kimono or a yukata?]

[...E-Errr, I guess I like yukata better?]

To be honest, I don’t even know the difference between a kimono and a yukata...
Rather than that, why is she asking such a thing?

[...Alice-chan is also surprised. I was aware that she was pretty clunky in that
area too, but I didn’t realize she was that bad... Well, it looks interesting,
so I’ll just leave it at that.]

It seems like Kuro and Dr. Vier was still talking with each other, so Neun-san
and I passed the time chatting. After a while, I started to feel hungry.

[I’m kinda hungry.]

[Me too. I was moving a lot today... Embarrassing it may be, I’m also hungry.]

Now that the matter with Dr. Vier had been settled, the tension disappeared and
my stomach growled in hunger. I’d really like to have something to eat, but I
can’t just go to the Friendship City in the presence of Neun-san. Though I say
that, I also don’t feel like going home already.

[Hmmm. I wonder if there’s something I could eat here?]

I figured that there should at least be some white rice and pickled daikon
radish in my magic box. As I made the magic box appear in my palm, Alice
appeared right at that moment.

[...Alice?]

[...]

Alice silently took out a piece of wood from nowhere, and when her hand seemed
to glow for a moment, a rather magnificent stall had been suddenly erected. On
top of the stall, there’s a sign that reads “Alice-chan’s Tasty Food Stall”.

[Incidentally, the price of our products’ special value “includes the travel
expenses”!]

[...]

...This bastard. Just a few days passed and she has become quite good at doing
business huh... She even set up two chairs at the counter. No matter how I look
at it, it looks like she would try to rip us off. Unfortunately though, it’s
working very well for us. Neun-san and I looked at each other, before only
letting out a sigh of resignation and sitting down at the counter seats.

[Welcome\~\~ Here’s the menu.]

[...Unnn?]

[Errr... Phantasmal King-sama? What in the world is this?]

[It is just as written there, you know?]

With a big smile on her face, Alice handed us the menu with just the words
“Anything: Market Value”. Does that mean she’ll cook whatever we want, but the
price depends on what item we order? I know that Alice is amazing... but can she
really make any kind of item? Perhaps sensing my doubts, Alice fearlessly smiled
and spoke.

[Oya? Are you doubting me? Well then, how about we make a deal? ...If I can’t
make what you ask, or if it doesn’t taste good, “that meal is free”. However, if
it’s good... How about “one gold coin” per meal?]

[One gold coin... Are you trying to overcharge me again?]

[It’s not that I’m doubting Phantasmal King-sama... but I’m picky about Japanese
food, you know?]

If she can’t make the dish that Neun-san and I ordered, it’s free, and if she
can make it well, it would be one gold coin... That’s 1 million yen. Alice seems
like she’s quite confident though. However, I don’t think the odds are against
us. If it’s a dish that doesn’t exist in this world, even if it’s Alice we’re
talking about, there’s no way that she will be able to make it.

[…Okay. I’ll take that bet.]

[As expected of Kaito-san, always easy to talk with\~\~ Well then, please place
your order...]

When I told her that I’ll take her bet, Alice deeply smiles and prompts me to
order.

[W-Well then, I’ll have “sushi”.]

Following her words, Neun-san ordered sushi... Isn’t that quite a good order?
Rice meals aren’t common in this world after all. I’ve seen sashimi being served
in the Hydra Kingdom before, but I don’t remember ever seeing sushi. It also
takes quite a skill to make tasty sushi. Just as I thought that Neun-san is
getting a free meal...

[If it’s nigiri sushi you’re looking for, we have regular, top-tier and special.
Which one would you like?]

[Mhmm... W-Well then, I’ll take the special one...]

[Yes, yes.]

However, contrary to my expectations, Alice simply asked which type of nigiri
sushi she wanted. T-This woman... She knows about sushi. S-Should I say that
it’s to be expected from the Phantasmal King...

No, not yet. It’s still unclear what it tastes like. I’ve heard that Neun-san is
very picky about Japanese food, so she won’t just easily accept something...
Immediately after I thought about this, a beautiful set of nigiri sushi was
placed in front of Neun-san. Looking at the nigiri sushi... Neun-san silently
took out a gold coin from her pocket and placed it on the counter.

[...It’s my loss.]

[Thank you for your patronage\~\~]

She was instantly defeated?!

[Eh? N-Neun-san?! You still haven’t tasted it though?!]

[...I don’t need to eat this to know how it tastes. These will definitely be
delicious...]

The Japanese Food-Fanatic Neun-san is saying that this sushi will definitely be
delicious just by looking at it... Alice, what a frightening person you are.

[Now then, what will you be having, Kaito-san\~\~?]

[Ughh... Kuhh, I-I will have...]

Sushi doesn’t work huh... What should I get then? Food that doesn’t exist in
this world... Remember it, me. I’ve been in this world for six months. I’ve also
read the guidebook that Kuro gave me, and I know that “that” isn’t there.

[...”Ramen”...]

Yes, when I think of noodle dishes in this world, the only thing I think of is
the dishes made from pasta... To be honest, I haven’t seen any noodle dishes
other than that, and I’ve already confirmed that there are no ramen shops here.
I remembered wanting to eat ramen and tried looking it up in Kuro’s guidebook,
but I felt depressed because I couldn’t find it... With this, I should have a
good chance of winning the bet...

[What flavor do you want? Salt? Miso? Soy sauce? Tonkotsu? Paitan? I can also
make tantanmen, you know?]

[...Wha... Kuhh... I’ll have a tonkotsu-shoyu...]

[How firm do you want the noodles?]

[...Firm enough.]

[Yes, yes.]

...This won’t do. She also knows what ramen is... N-No, I still don’t know what
it tastes like yet! There’s still a chance that it might not taste good... even
though it might be a really small percentage chance. A little while later, a
ramen that had a delicious aroma was placed in front of me.

[Here you go\~\~ I’ve also added pork chashu as a service.]

[T-Thanks... Thank you for the meal.]

It’s a great consideration for a young man with a hearty appetite... This is
bad. I can’t see a future where I can win this bet. I mean, she even prepared a
renge spoon and disposable chopsticks... Picking up the renge spoon, I timidly
took a sip of the soup... and ate a mouthful of the noodles... before I took out
a gold coin and placed it on the counter.

[...It’s my loss.]

[Thank you for your patronage\~\~]

Vexing it may be, but that ramen was super tasty, you know?! She looks so
annoying with that smug smile on her face, but it tastes so good that I can’t
even complain!!! It’s been a long time since I’ve had ramen, but I knew that the
thick broth goes well with the noodles and the thick slice of the pork chashu
was also juicy. There was nothing for me to complain about. This was a complete
defeat... An utter defeat that makes me glad even though I lost.

[...Ummm, Alice.]

[What is it?]

[...Perhaps, could you make a gyudon or a burger?]

[If you order now, just with an additional “one copper coin” for the magic box,
you can order it for take out, you know?]

[...How expensive. I’ll buy it.]

[Thank you for your patronage\~\~]

An additional 10,000 yen per dish... It’s very expensive, but I want to eat it.
I’d certainly like to order several dishes, especially gyudon and burger,
because I sometimes have this irresistible urge to eat them.

[Ahh, by the way, we also have Japanese sweets like dorayaki and such!]

[I’ll buy it!]

And Neun-san just took a bite out of her sales pitch! Unnn, this is hopeless
already... The situation is completely swaying to Alice’s favor. However, I
can’t win... I will still buy them.

---

While Kaito and Neun were enjoying Alice’s cooking, the people who had gathered
in front of the church in Symphonia Kingdom were beginning to disperse. When
Alice’s clone told them that Vier’s situation had been resolved, the people
present looked relieved.

[Umu, he has successfully accomplished it huh... Hmmm, that man... I really like
him. Hey, young Lilia... Could I bring him along back to Hydra Kingdom?]

[You can’t.]

[A-An immediate reply huh... Hmmm, what a shame. Well, fine. It’s not really my
thing to force people... By the way, young Lilia? It seems like you’ve become
stronger than before huh?]

[Is that so? If Her Majesty Laguna tells me that, it’s making me feel that it
really was the case.]

As soon as the situation was settled, Laguna spoke to Lilia, someone who she was
familiar with, and Lilia replied to her with a wry smile.

The two women had crossed blades in the past, and because of the presence of
Laguna, who was even stronger than her, the genius Lilia continued with her
training without becoming complacent at all.

[You don’t need to be modest. Good gracious, young people grow up so fast...
With the speed of young Lilia’s progress, it looks like you would take the title
of the Strongest in the Human Realm soon.]

[It’s Your Majesty Laguna instead that shouldn’t be so modest... The way I am
now is still no match for you. If luck were on my side, I would be very happy to
get a draw.]

[Hohoho... In that case, would you like to have a fight with me now?]

[I don’t really mind but... Do you not have any work you need to do, Your
Majesty Laguna?]

[Ughh... T-That is...]

Seeing how much Lilia has grown since the last time they fought, Laguna’s blood
as a warrior rises and she proposes for a match, but Lilia calmly asks her back.

[...Did you sneak out again? Wouldn’t your subordinates be frantically searching
for you right now?]

[M-Mnghh... I’d like to abdicate my throne as soon as possible but... Guhh...
Hahh... Guess I’ll go home. If I go home late, they’ll start nagging about
things again.]

Just as Lilia expected, Laguna had slipped out of the royal castle without
telling anyone. Even though she usually does this... No, it’s exactly because
she usually does this, that she knew that her subordinates would scold her for
this again. As her shoulders slumped down, Laguna let out a sigh before she
carried her large spear again, waving her hand as she left. After seeing her
off, Lilia spoke to Lunamaria and Sieglinde, who were standing nearby.

[When Illness comes back, shall we go home too?]

[Yes... However, errr, Milady? What in the world was that fight all about
anyway? I understand that Dr. Vier was involved in this matter but... I don’t
really know the details.]

[I actually don’t know the details either... Well, let’s just ask Kaito-san when
he comes back.]

[Hmmm, I wonder why though. This situation, this lineup, the people who gathered
here... and Kaito-san’s involvement in this matter... Could this be another
situation that would make Lili faint?]

[...Please don’t spout ominous things, Sieg. Well, it should be alright. I’ve
already met the Six Kings and the Supreme Gods. I’ve also briefly greeted the
God of Disasters this time, and it seems like Kaito-san got acquainted with Her
Majesty Laguna through this matter... There’s no other outrageous people that
Kaito-san would get to meet anymore.]

When Sieglinde mentioned her worries, with a forced smile on her lips, Lilia
said this as if she was telling this to herself.

[...Kaito-san is involved in this matter, so there’s a chance that the Demon
Lord had actually survived the war and is currently targeting Dr. Vier, you
know?]

[Fufufu, if the Demon Lord really survived the war, that would turn this into a
really important matter... But then, there wouldn’t be any reason for Sechs-sama
and the others to get involved, so perhaps, this may have something to do with
Underworld King-sama?]

[Ahh\~\~ That seems to be the most likely scenario.]

Just as Lilia laughed off Lunamaria’s comment, which was actually the closest to
the real situation, Illness and Funf returned. Lilia and the others were already
aware that Illness was a Peak Count-rank, so without being surprised to find
that she hadn’t suffered any significant external injuries even after a fierce
battle with Funf, they spoke.

[...By the way, Illness, do you know the circumstances of the events here?]

[I dunnoooo? I just came here after Miladyyyyyy, so I wouldn’t knoooooow.]

[I see. Well, there are many other questions I would like to ask you, but I’ll
ask them when Kaito-san returns... Shall we go back to the mansion?

Saying this, Lilia called out to Anima and the others before returning to the
mansion.

After Lilia, her group and the other Demons left, Sechs and Shea, who remained
until the end, exchanged a few words. Funf was the only other remaining member
of the group, but she didn’t participate in the conversation and was just
looking up at the sky, seemingly thinking about something.

[...Even so, Miyama-dono really is quite amazing. Starting with you, to have so
many allies...]

[It’s not like I’m his ally. I mean, I “hate” him.]

[Oya? Is that so? You seem to have been very enthusiastic in helping him
though.]

[...That’s ridiculous. I only helped that human because he bowed down his head
and begged for my help.]

[Doesn’t that mean that you like Miyama-dono?]

Shea claims to hate Kaito, but Sechs asked her if it’s because she likes him
that she lent him a hand. Thereupon, Shea let out a loud sigh. Turning her back
from Sechs, she spoke to him while walking away.

[...Great Sage of the Dead. Let me tell you one thing.]

[What is it?]

[Emotions aren’t just something being simply positive or negative, you know? The
opposite of like isn’t hate... In this world, there are complicated feelings of
“liking someone, but hating them, and hating someone, even as you like them”.]

[...Fumu... Well then, what do you think about Miyama-dono?]

In response to Sechs’ question, Shea stopped in her tracks... And without
looking back, a faint smile formed on her lips as she mumbled.

[...Well, you could say that he barely passes. If something like this happens
again... I would probably lend him a hand again.]

[Hohh... My, oh my... In short, you say all sorts of things, but you like him
huh?]

[...How the heck did you get that idea from what I just said?]

[No, it’s just that no matter how I heard it, it sounded like you evaluate
Miyama-dono highly... Ahh, I see!]

[...Unnn?]

Shea’s tone was clearly sounding irritated, but clapping his hands as if he had
suddenly thought of something, Sechs aloofly spoke.

[...It’s that thing, isn’t it? This is that rumored “tsundere”, right?]

[...Huh? You’re wrong. What the heck are you talking about...]

[It’s that trope... Where you’re saying you hate this person, but you
actually...]

[There’s no way that is the case! I hate him...]

[But you also like him, right?]

[Wha?!]

The calm demeanor Shea had a moment ago completely changed... No, more like the
mask she wears as the pinnacle of the High-ranking God has been removed, as she
flusteredly denies Sechs’ words. Sechs, however, continued to speak with an
amused smile on his face.

[Well\~\~ Miyama-dono is quite the lucky man\~\~ Even the God of Disasters like
him...]

[S-S-S-Shut up! Didn’t I tell you you’re wrong?! Die! Go rot somewhere, you
shitty skeleton!!!]

[O-Oya?! W-Wait?!]

Her face becoming redder and redder, before Shea knew it, she had taken out her
scythe and turned towards Sechs. All for the sake of sanctioning a certain Lich
for his lack of delicacy...

[F-Funf-dono, please help me...]

[...Hmmm, I guess I really should apologize properly afterwards. I suppose I
should bring some sort of souvenir... However, I wonder what would be good? No,
before that, I will be visiting a Duchess’ home, so I would need to ask him in
advance by letter...]

[Funf-dono?!]

[In the first place, the Six Kings Festival would be coming up soon, so he may
be busy with preparations... In that case, I guess it would be better to do it
at a later date... Or better yet, at the time of the Six Kings Festival.]

---

After eating a delicious, but rip-off priced meal at Alice’s stall, Neun and I
chatted for a while, when Alice suddenly spoke.

[...Oya? It seems that the conversation over there has ended. Then, I will go
clean up now\~\~]

Saying that, Alice took out a hammer and after making sure we were out of our
seats, she tapped the stall a few times, breaking her stall into multiple pieces
of wood. I don’t really know why she had to disassemble her stall with a hammer,
but this is Alice we’re talking about here, so let’s not worry too much about
it. Confirming that Alice had disappeared with the wood, I expanded the reach of
my Sympathy Magic... and I could feel magic power coming towards our direction.
This magic power... I wonder if it’s just Dr. Vier? It doesn’t seem like Kuro is
with her...

Just when I was thinking about that, a hummingbird from Kuro appeared in front
of me... Opening its message, “I’ll come say my thanks again later. Thank you.”
was written on it. Finished reading, almost as soon as the words vanished... I
saw Dr. Vier running towards us.

[Hikari! Miyama-kun!]

[Dr. Vier, are you finished talki... Eh? W-Wait, Dr. Vie...]

[Miyama-kun\~\~!!!]

[Uwaahhh?!]

When Dr. Vier spotted us, her speed frighteningly increased and she moved in
front of me in an instant... and held my head as if she was hugging me... Eh?

[Miyama-kun, Miyama-kun!]

[D-Dr. Vier?! W-What are you suddenly... It hurts...]

Pushing my face against her chest, she held me within her embrace... What I mean
is that my face was inevitably pressed against Dr. Vier’s ample bosoms... The
texture of her silky habit and the feeling of her soft breasts wrap around my
face. Also, was this from the herbs she’s raising? A gentle and pleasant,
nature-like scent tickled my nostrils. I hurriedly tried to resist the sudden
situation, but with my strength, let alone getting out of this situation, I
wasn’t even able to move properly. From the corner of my eye, I could see
Neun-san hadn’t been able to keep up with the situation and was frozen with her
mouth open.

And Dr. Vier, seemingly oblivious to my reaction, not only hugged me but also
brought her cheek close and rubbed it against my head.

[Thank you, Miyama-kun. It’s thanks to Miyama-kun that I... Ahh, geez! How could
I say this... I don’t know. I don’t know how I could express my gratitude.]

Still tightly holding me in her embrace, Dr. Vier expressed her gratitude in a
very emotional way.

[F-For the time being, let’s stop the conversation for a moment and...]

The pressure on my face suffocates me and the vivid feeling of her womanly
softness is making me feel faint, as if I’m suffering from a fever.

[What should I do? You’ve done something for me that I’ll never be able to
repay... Even if it includes the sins that I’ll have to atone for the rest of my
life, I owe you more than I can ever repay... I’m glad, I feel really glad...]

[T-That makes me feel glad too... But we should... end the talk soon... It
hurts...]

[Ehh? Aahhh?! I-I’m sorry?! Are you alright, Miyama-kun?]

[...Y-Yes. Somehow...]

It seems like my voice finally reached her, as Dr. Vier hurriedly released my
head. When I looked up while catching my breath, I saw Dr. Vier look at me with
tears in her red, swollen eyes, but she still looked sincerely happy.

[...Hahh?! V-Vier?! What are you suddenly doing?!]

[I’m really grateful to you too, Hikari!]

[Ehh? A-Ahh, yes. You’re welcome?]

Thereupon, it seems like Neun-san finally snapped out of her confusion and began
protesting at her, but she was quickly overwhelmed by Dr. Vier, whose tension
was at its highest. Anyway, Dr. Vier seemed to be at the peak of her happiness
right now. It seemed like her talk with Kuro had gone well. Thanking Neun-san
several times, Dr. Vier then turned to me again and deeply bowed.

[Miyama-kun, thank you again. I’m sorry for all the trouble I caused you.]

[No... It seems like the talk with Kuro went well huh?]

[...I’m going to continue working as a doctor, so I can’t live in Kuromu-sama’s
home... but Kuromu-sama said I could come visit anytime... and she’d also come
visit me at my home...]

[...That’s really good to hear.]

[...Unnn. It’s all thanks to you, Miyama-kun...]

Wiping the tears away from her eyes, Dr. Vier then looked straight into my eyes
and smiled. The smile on her face, looking as if she had just been released from
a long period of suffering was so beautiful, it even makes her seem like she’s
shining...

[Miyama-kun, “I’ve come to love you as someone of the opposite sex”...]

[...Ehh?]

...U-Unnn? Arehh? Did I just mishear what she said? I think I just heard
something strange. Before I could fully understand the meaning of what Dr. Vier
had said, Neun-san flusteredly spoke to Dr. Vier.

[Vier?! W-What are you suddenly saying?!]

[Eh? Did I say something strange?]

[N-No, I mean... A-About how you’ve fallen in l-l-l-love with Kaito-san...]

[Unnn. I don’t think it’s anything strange though, after all he has done for me.
Something I had never had the courage to do... He made my dream of making up
with Kuromu-sama come true. Looking so cool when he’s forcing me to do this, if
such a man like that looks at me... I would obviously fall in love.]

[F-Fall in love... That is...]

I-It was a very straightforward confession. I couldn’t keep up with the sudden
development, but I know that my face was really blushing red. Neun-san was also
dumbfounded, but Dr. Vier didn’t seem to mind at all and continued speaking.

[Ahh, it’s alright, Miyama-kun. It’s not like I want you to respond to my
feelings or anything like that.]

[E-Errr...]

[It’s just as Miyama-kun told me... Of course, I will continue to atone for my
sins, but at the same time, I also want to be happy.]

[H-Huhh...]

[I really came to love you, who made me realize this feeling... However, I still
don’t think I’m a fine enough of a woman to get your response... That’s why, I
will do my best from now on!]

[W-Work hard, you say... What do you mean?]

[Of course, I will work hard to make Miyama-kun love me! Fufufu, be prepared for
it. It might be unbelievable since I’m the one saying this, but I’m very
single-minded and persistent.]

Both Neun-san and I were simply overwhelmed by Dr. Vier, who conveyed her
feelings without any shame at all. I-I guess I can say that it’s to be expected
from someone who started a war just for the sake of the one she loves... How
should I say this... She’s a very passionate woman.

[Ahh, but I want to ask you something first... Miyama-kun, is there anything
about my appearance or personality that you dislike? If there’s anything you
dislike about me, could you tell me so I can fix it?]

[Eh? N-No, I think Dr. Vier is, ummm... a very beautiful and wonderful woman.]

[Is that so? Fufufu, thank you. It makes me feel so happy.]

After softly giggling as she said this, Dr. Vier took a step closer to me and
spoke again.

[...Then, I’ll work hard to make you love me... Once again, I will be in your
care, Miyama-kun.]

[Y-Yes...]

[Chuu…]

[Wha?!]

It was an instantaneous incident. Dr. Vier approached me, and with a quick,
fluid motion, she brought her face to my cheek and lightly kissed it. In an
instant, I felt like blood rushed up over my head and I was speechless from
astonishment.

[W-What are you doing, Vier?!]

[Ehh? What, you ask... Showing my affection?]

[K-K-K-Kissing before your m-m-m-marriage...]

[It’s not like I kissed him on his lips though? I’ll only do that after
Miyama-kun loves me.]

[That’s not that point though?! T-T-T-That’s disgraceful!]

[Unnn?]

In contrast to Neun-san’s red-faced exclamation, Dr. Vier just tilted her head
in genuine wonderment.

Dear Mom, Dad—A lot of things have happened, but it seems that the matter
between Dr. Vier and Kuro has been settled. Well, putting that aside, Dr.
Vier... errr, how should I say this... I don’t know if I should say that she’s
more straightforward in her expression of affection than I imagined—but she’s a
passionate woman.
