---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 6: The Night Before the Six Kings Festival

How did it come to this?

[I knew that one of these days, I would have to settle things with you once and
for all.]

[Ehh\~\~ Why don’t you just keep on running away? That is if you don’t want to
be defeated... Don’t you think?]

[Fufufu, that’s really funny. I’ve always known you would be a great clown,
Shalltear.]

[Ahaha, I think you shouldn’t be saying anything too cool, you know? You’re
really funny, you know? Ein-san.]

[...Fufufu.]

[...Hahaha.]

Both of them are smiling, but in front of me, sparks are flying in between
Ein-san and Alice. Both of them look as if Hannyas were floating behind their
backs, and cold sweat runs down my back. I don’t know if Kuro couldn’t
carelessly interject between them or not, but she flusteredly looked between
them.

[...Kaito... Tea... Here.]

[T-Thank you.]

However, among this atmosphere, only Isis-san was acting normal. With a cute
smile on her face, she only offered me a cup of tea.

It all started just a few moments ago... around an hour or so ago, at the time
we came back to the accommodation facility together after I slept on Kuro’s lap.
At that moment, Isis-san came and we all decided to have dinner together...

[Well then, Kuromu-sama. I will start preparing dinner.]

[Unnn. I’ll leave it to you\~\~]

Yes, just as Ein-san was about to head for the kitchen to make dinner, Alice,
who had appeared before I knew it, muttered.

[...In that case, should I make it myself? I’m very familiar with Kaito-san’s
taste after all.]

[...Shalltear? Can I take that as a challenge to me?]

[Ehh? No, I didn’t mean to pick a fight with Ein-san. If it’s Ein-san cooking
for us, I’m sure that you will prepare a very sumptuous and delicious meal, and
thinking about it now makes me look forward to it... Well, it’s not just about
being very sumptuous though.]

[...Hohh?]

Around that time, for some reason, things started to get unsettling. I think it
was probably at this moment that the first sparks flew.

[...That’s a really amusing joke you have. Are you saying that you’re better
than a maid like me?]

[No, no, that’s not what I was saying\~\~ Well, what I’m saying is that I’m
better at cooking food that Kaito-san will like...]

[...E-Ein? S-Shalltear?]

Kuro seems to have also sensed the situation, and tried to make a follow up
but... she’s too late.

[H-Hey, Kuro? Do these two not get along with each other?]

[That’s not the case! Rather, this is even the first time they’ve ever had a
fight, you know?! Shalltear normally wouldn’t be so stubborn about things
either...]

It seems like Ein-san and Alice aren’t particularly on bad terms with each
other. According to Kuro, Alice is more likely to back down when the atmosphere
turns like this but... It seems that Alice is getting stubborn because I’m
involved in this matter.

...What should I do?

And now, there are two cooking tables in front of me, set up like those cooking
shows on TV, with Ein-san and Alice facing each other. It feels like a true
cooking competition.

[...Are you okay with those ingredients, Shalltear?]

[...It’s not all about how sumptuous the ingredients are. I completely know
Kaito-san’s tastes! I’m even spot on at that moment when “he cried after he
accidentally ate bell peppers”!]

[Oi! Why the heck did you know that?!]

Seriously, where the heck is my privacy?! Why is my black history being spread
around all the time?! This is weird. This is supposed to be a confrontation
between Ein-san and Alice, but why the heck am I receiving damage here? Oi,
Kuro! You’re their guardian! Don’t just sit next to me with a resigned look on
your face, eating baby castellas!

[...Start...]

Isis-san too, why are you acting like a referee there?! No more, I can’t follow
what’s happening anymore! With Isis-san’s call, both of them immediately started
moving. In the blink of an eye, Ein-san is chopping a large amount of food and
preparing it in a complicated manner. Meanwhile, Alice cooks with a number of
knives, brilliantly making use of all of them at the same time. To be honest,
both of them were so fast that I couldn’t see them, but they’re probably evenly
matched... I guess?

[...You’re doing great, Shalltear. As expected of the one I recognize as my
equal.]

[Ein-san too, you’re as great as ever... As expected of a maid.]

...Well, I’ve got a lot of things I want to say but... Don’t nonchalantly use
the word “maid” as if you’re talking about a superhuman. It’s just Ein-san
that’s monstrously powerful here. I don’t really know what’s going on, but it
seems like they recognize each other and a heated battle is going on. As I look
at them, a white container and a spoon are placed in front of me.

[...Here... Kaito.]

[Eh? Isis-san? What’s this?]

[...Gratin... I made it... for Kaito.]

[T-Thank you... Arehh?]

I feel like something’s strange. Why did Isis-san, who was acting like a referee
just now, present me a gratin as if it was natural? I mean, this gratin... When
in the world did she make it?

[...Because Kaito is coming... I made it.]

[Ahh, I see... So that’s why Isis-san met up with us later.]

[...Unnn.]

The reason why Isis-san wasn’t here when I arrived at this accommodation
facility was because she was making gratin for me huh. Unnn, this makes me...
kind of happy. Not eating this isn’t an option.

[...Here... Ahhhn.]

[...With this, I’m fini—Isis?!]

[I’m also done—What’s happening?!]

At the same time as Isis-san offered to feed me with a smile, Ein-san and Alice
also finished cooking... and their eyes widened in astonishment when they saw
Isis-san.

[W-Wait, Isis-san? W-What is that...]

[...Gratin.]

[No, that’s not what I was talking about. Ummm, what about the match between me
and Shalltear...]

[...There’s one... for everyone, okay?]

[ [ ...I-I see... ] ]

Apparently, Isis-san didn’t quite understand why Ein-san and Alice were fighting
against each other. They certainly didn’t say anything directly, and they were
just indirectly throwing sarcasms at each other... Thus, I don’t know if the
malicious thoughts in their minds were cleared away by Isis-san’s pure smile or
not, but both of their shoulders slumped down. Seeing the situation, Kuro took
out a blue flag out of nowhere and declared.

[...This is, hmmm... Isis’ victory!]

[...What?]

[The Dinner Showdown for Kaito-kun.]

[...Unnn? ...I don’t really know... what’s happening but... I won.]

After saying that while tilting her head, Isis-san turned to Ein-san and Alice
and gave them a lovely smile.

[...Shalltear and Ein too... Let’s eat? ...If everyone eats together... It
becomes... even more delicious.]

[...Roger that. By the way, Ein-san, that looks delicious, doesn’t it? Please
let me have a taste.]

[...I don’t mind. In return, let me have a taste of that too.]

After accepting the request of the pure-hearted Isis-san, Alice and Ein-san
wryly smiled before preparing a chair. Then, Ein-san glanced at Kuro, and after
she received her nod, she sat down. Of course, Kuro put away her baby castellas
and began to eat the grating that Isis-san had made with a smile.

The cooking showdown between Ein-san and Alice started before I knew it, but in
the end, the match didn’t come to a conclusion. However, seeing the two of them
enjoying themselves somehow, it seems like it’s just as Kuro said—It’s
Isis-san’s victory.

---

After a pleasant and peaceful dinner, we had a chat over a cup of tea made by
Ein-san. I don’t know if she thought it’s a good time or not, but Kuro suddenly
made a suggestion.

[I think it’s a good time, so let’s take a bath “together”!]

The moment I heard those words, I ran away. I think my movements at that moment
were the quickest and cleanest I’ve ever seen. With minimal movements, I stood
up from my chair and ran as fast as I could without looking back at Kuro and the
others. And then, a few seconds later... I found myself in the changing room.
This won’t do, I’m surrounded by people whose existence is filled with cheats.
For Kuro and the others, my all-out sprint is just as slow as a snail. They took
me to the changing room faster than I could even perceive them.

[...Kaito... You wanted to take a bath so badly?]

No. That’s not it, Isis-san... I wasn’t dashing towards the bathroom, I was
trying to dash away from it. The reason that I was in this place was all because
of that monster maid. The wooden changing room, with its pure Japanese style,
really had the feel of an onsen resort, but I didn’t have the time to relax and
enjoy this.

[...H-Hey, Kuro? I’ll ask just in case, but this place is divided by gender,
right...]

[Eh? We’re going together! Let’s rub each other’s backs!]

[...I’ll also... wash... Kaito’s back.]

As expected, it was a mixed bath... Somebody help me! No, this is seriously
dangerous! I mean, having to bathe together with Kuro, Isis-san, Ein-san and
Alice... Four beautiful women, it would even be difficult for me to stay
conscious. Is there something I could do? Anything? A way to get out of this...
H-However, if I say that I don’t want to bathe with them, Isis-san and Kuro
would be sad... Ugghhh... What should I do...

[Please wait a moment there! A maiden’s soft fair skin isn’t something to be
exposed so easily!]

Mhmm? It feels like I’m getting some support from a strange source... Ah, no,
thinking about it, Alice has always been really shy. She would be someone vital
if I want to get out of this situation. Alright. That’s three against two. We’re
still outnumbered, but we’ve got enough members to oppose...

[I mean, I’m still traumatized by that “incident before”! After taking a bath
with Kaito-san, my... My... my “body has already turned into something that
makes me have no other choice but to marry Kaito-san”!!!]

[Stop with those misleading words!]

Alice’s trauma is about that accident in the bathroom before... but the way she
said it! Doesn’t that sound like she’s talking about something else?!

[...How surprising. I never thought that Shalltear would just push Kuromu-sama
to the side and have such a thing with Kaito-sama...]

[Wait a second there, Ein-san? I’m telling you, it’s a misunderstanding...
You’re mistaken...]

[Just remembering it now makes me feel like dying of embarrassment. Even “my
most precious place” was “plentifully seen”...]

[Hey, you shut up!!!]

Just when I thought you were my ally, you turned out to be my worst enemy?! I
know that you’re feeling embarrassed and flustered, but please don’t say
anything else.

[That’s why, I strongly recommend everyone to wear a “bathing suit”!]

[...Why?]

[Why, you ask, Isis-san... As I said before, if you don’t wear one, you’d be
naked then.]

[...If it’s other than Kaito, I don’t want to be seen but... if it’s Kaito... if
Kaito wants to... It’s fine... with me.]

[You’re more aggressive than I thought!]

It’s not just Alice that’s surprised, as I was also stunned by Isis-san’s
careless words. Hearing her words though, I was also reminded about the
snow-white skin I saw when I took a bath in the onsen together with Isis-san...
and I reflexively gulped down. T-This won’t do, keep your calm... Keep calm and
stay composed! Isis-san definitely doesn’t know anything beyond that. She’s
simply saying that “She’ll do anything I want” just to express her pure love...
That’s also why it’s really difficult for me.

[...Me too... W-Well, ummm, it feels embarrassing but... if Kaito-kun wants to
see it...]

[Kuro-san too?!]

The words Kuro said while slightly looking down were so destructive due to the
gap compared to how she normally acts, chipping away at my mind even before we
entered the bath. I take back my previous words. Alice, you don’t have to shut
up, but please do your best to somehow stop this... This strange flow of
conversation...

[T-That won’t do! Kaito-san is still a man... “a sheep disguised as a wolf in
sheep’s clothing”!!!]

[...So, in short... a sheep?]

However, Alice also seemed to be quite flustered and started to say something
incomprehensible, before she received a sharp tsukkomi from Ein-san. The
situation had turned into quite a mess, but then, Kuro approaches Alice and
whispers something to her ear.

[Shalltear...]

[...Ehh? A-Ahh, there’s that way huh... I see...]

[E-Errr, what are you two talking about...]

[It’s a good opportunity, Kaito-san. Let’s have some naked socializing with
everyone!]

[Seriously, what the heck did you two talk about?!]

This is impossible! I never thought that Alice would change her mind so
easily... What in the world did Kuro tell her? I definitely don’t think it’s
just something I can just brush away... Eh? Is this topic already decided? Is it
already decided... that I’m going to take a bath with everyone? With the
betrayal of my only ally, Alice and the disappearance of my only way out, I
unconsciously took a step back...

[Isis-san?! Please don’t start taking off your clothes! Could you at least do
that in a separate changing room?!]

[...Eh? ...Unnn... Okay.]

T-That was close. I was about to be caught completely by surprise... Unnn. I
didn’t see anything. Not even a glimpse of the thin blue clothing on her chest
or anything like that. It’s alright, it’s alright... Calm down and empty your
mind.

A-As I was thinking about that... Ein-san bowed to Kuro before she spoke.

[...Well then, I’ll be waiting here, so if you have a command...]

[What are you saying, Ein? You’re also coming with us, you know?]

[...N-No, as a maid, I can’t take a bath together with my master,
Kuromu-sama...]

Arehh? Is it just my imagination? It feels unusual for Ein-san to sound evasive
or rather, she somehow looks flustered.

[E-Ein-san? If you don’t want it, you don’t have to force yourself, you know?!]

[...N-No, it’s not that I don’t want to bathe with Kaito-sama... The problem is
ummm, with me...]

[Unnn?]

“If you don’t like it, just say so and I’ll try to persuade Kuro” or so I told
her, but Ein-san still evasively replied. In the end, Ein-san was forced by Kuro
and together with Isis-san and Alice, they moved to the changing room next door.

It seems like I don’t have any means of escape from mixed bathing anymore. No, I
guess I never had any way from the beginning huh. To begin with, it was against
four of the most powerful people in the world, including the one who stands at
the peak, Kuro, and fighting against them is little old me, who is only as
strong as a slime... It’s physically impossible for me to escape, and since I’m
outnumbered, there’s no chance I could win democratically. Well, that’s enough
of that. I’ve gathered my resolve... What, mentally speaking, I’ve already been
through a lot. I admit, the lineup I’m facing now is the strongest I’ve ever
seen. I’ve also been itching for the battle... Perhaps, these shivers and the
chills running down my spine are just me trembling with excitement.

However, it’s Alice I’m worried about. As far as I know, even though she usually
acts like that, she’s a really shy person. She also told me that she was
traumatized by what happened before. That should have been the case, but Alice
was convinced by Kuro’s few words... What on earth did Kuro say to her?

Tightly wrapping the towel around my waist, I took three deep breaths before
opening the door. Considering how amazing the accommodation facility is, I
expected the onsen to be amazing. However, I was surprised to find that it
wasn’t just a pool, but a pond with various plants and a spectacular view... I
mean, I could even see a mountain in the distance, you know? Is this place
really indoors? Overwhelmed by the huge hot spring, I walked along the stone
floor and approached the waters... Beyond the steam of the onsen, I could see
“three” shadows, and they became clearer as I drew closer.

[Ahh, Kaito-kun. This way, over here!]

[Y-Yeah...]

Kuro, who is soaking her body in the hot water waves at me when she spotted
me... and it’s safe for the eyes.

[...Kaito...]

[Sorry, I’m late.]

Isis-san, looking as if she was feeling shy, is slightly waving her hand with a
smile while sitting on the edge of the onsen with a large towel wrapped around
her body. There’s also no dangerous parts visible here... What a relief. She’s
properly wrapped her towel too.

[Geez, we’ve been waiting a long time here\~\~]

[...]

The one who said that was a “tall, blonde beauty with a glamorous figure”... I
see, so that’s what happened. She went with a strategy of alleviating the
embarrassment she’s feeling by transforming into a different person... In
addition, her body shape and height are clearly different from the original
Alice. So, to put it another way, it’s as if she’s wearing a magical stuffed
costume huh? I was surprised that she agreed so easily, so this is why...

[Fufufu, you’re charmed by the sexy Alice-chan in the hot spring that you’re
speechless huh...]

...I’ll admit that her current form looked 100% sexier. But Alice... or rather,
are you even Alice?! You even borrowed your face from someone else?! N-No, well,
if Alice is fine with that... It’s not like she’s bothering anyone, so isn’t it
fine? The smug smile on her face is annoying though.

[You can look at them closer, you know? Ho-ree\~\~ Ho-ree\~\~]

Alice seemed to be mentally composed and approached while trying to tease me.
Just as she’s about to nudge me with her elbow...

[N-No! Shalltear! That magic “is considered as being used to deceive” Kaito-kun,
so it’s “considered hostile”...]

[...Ehh?]

When Kuro shouted in a panic, Alice’s elbow touched my body... Immediately
after, Alice’s magic broke along with the sound of shattering glass. At that
moment, what do you think happened? Alice was transformed into a being with a
body shape larger than her own, and a towel was wrapped around that body. When
her magic was shattered and Alice’s body shape returned to her original, her
towel would naturally fall off...

[...Ahh, no...]

Beautiful skin without a single blemish, and sensationally beautiful
peach-colored protrusions... Perhaps it was the unexpected situation that
prevented me from thinking, or perhaps it was just my male instinct, but I
couldn’t help but reflexively stare at them. After a short silence of less than
a second, as if the air had frozen, Alice’s whole body turned red as a boiled
octopus.

[Hyaaaaaaaahhhhh!]

[?!]

Thereupon, she went into the onsen at a speed I couldn’t even perceive. It seems
like she dove in the murky waters, as I could see bubbles coming out a short
distance away.

...It was a disastrous incident in all sorts of ways. It was a surprise for
Alice, but it was also a complete surprise for me... The sight of Alice’s nude
body burned into my mind made my little brother stand up from his seat, whether
I wanted to or not. I think it was a fine play that I covered the lower half of
my body as quickly as I could. Well, look here. I’m also a healthy young man...
Seeing a girl you like naked, it would be more strange for you not to have any
reaction... Unnn, I don’t think I’ll be entering the bath for a while. Above
all, I don’t think I can look Alice directly in the face. For the time being,
let’s wash away this heat I’m feeling with some cold water down my head.

[...I-I’ll be... washing my body for a while—Unnn?]

As I moved my gaze to get away from the scene, I saw something strange. It was
such a shocking sight for me that I stopped in my tracks.

[...H-Hey, Kuro?]

[Unnn?]

[If my eyes aren’t seeing things... That person sitting on the corner with the
“negative aura” while hugging her knees... That’s “Ein-san”, right?]

[U-Unnn... I also forgot about her. I’m reflecting.]

What I saw was Ein-san, looking like a bagworm with too many towels wrapped
around her, hugging her knees as she faced the wall. How should I say this...
There’s such a negative aura around Ein-san that it almost gives the illusion
that the area around her is dimly lit... W-What in the world is happening with
her? Looking at Ein-san who looked like a background character, far removed from
her usual cool image, I walked up to her and called out.

[U-Ummm... Ein-san? Are you alright? A-Are you not feeling well...]

[...-ase... —at me...]

[Eh?]

[...Please don’t look at me... Please don’t look at my wretched appearance,
“this me who isn’t wearing my maid uniform”...]

[...]

That’s what you’re troubled about?! Eh? What? So, that’s what this is about? The
reason why Ein-san was very reluctant to go in the bath with me... was because
she didn’t want to be seen without her maid uniform?

[E-Errr...]

[...not a maid... I’m not a maid... I want to disappear... so that no one can
see me... I want to disappear.]

A fragile, feminine voice. ...What a negative aura she has... Eh? Is this what
Ein-san looks like when she takes off her maid uniform? W-Well, I certainly
haven’t seen her wear anything other than a maid uniform but...

Her heavy mood feels dreadful. I-I can’t stand this... It seems like she doesn’t
like others seeing her not in a maid uniform. W-What should I do? To be honest,
I regret calling out to her. W-Well, I can’t just ignore her now and go back
though...

[...Ein-san, please listen to me.]

[...Kaito-sama?]

[Ein-san, you take pride in being a maid. You put your heart and soul for this
task... Isn’t that right?]

[Yes... Being a maid is the very value of my existence... without it... I
will...]

[Is that the extent of your devotion as a maid, Ein-san?]

[...Eh?]

How should I say this... As if I had been exposed to a strange atmosphere, I
felt a strange heat in my tone as I continued to speak.

[Does wearing a maid uniform make you a maid? It doesn’t, right?! Ein-san’s
passion as a maid isn’t so weak that it would disappear just because of a change
in appearance! It’s never what you wear that determines whether you are a maid
or not! No matter how you dress, if you have the pride of a maid inside your
heart... Then, that should mean you’re a maid!]

[...]

To be honest, “I don’t even know what I’m saying anymore”! However, Ein-san
looks like she’s shocked by what I said. That’s enough! Let’s just keep the
momentum going!

[Please stand up, Ein-san! If you’re not wearing a maid uniform, then all you
have to do is bring out the maid within your heart!]

[Ahh... Aahhh... I-I am... a maid!]

[Yes, you are! You think you’re a maid, therefore you’re a maid! Don’t just give
up on being a maid! Please believe in the maid within you!]

...Maid, maid, I’ve been saying it so much, I don’t even know what a maid is
anymore. While giving a rather pathetic consolation that even I was confused by
my own words, I still ended it with a groove and vigor. In the end, the towel
that had been wrapped around her, making her look like a bagworm, was reduced to
a single piece, and Ein-san returned to her usual stern expression.

[...You have my gratitude, Kaito-sama. It seems like I forgot the most important
thing. “It’s not because I’m a maid that I’m Ein, it’s because I’m Ein that
there are maids”!]

[Eh? T-T-T-That’s right! It’s as you say!]

[In short, “I am the maid, and the maid is me”... I’m sorry to have shown you my
unsightly self. I’m alright now.]

[...I-Is that so...]

It seems that Ein is now completely lively, and I am very happy for her as well.
But I just want to say one thing... What the heck are these incomprehensible
things that she was talking about?!

Now then, Ein-san has now finally been revived and the troublesome stuff is
safely resolved... Ahh, no, Alice is still diving under the onsen... Putting her
aside, this ends the mixed bathing chapter... or so I wish was the case. It
would be great if I could skip through time... Seriously, where’s the skip
button? Right at this moment, I never thought that the time would come where I
would seriously wish for the power to control time. Well, even if I could
manipulate time, it feels like the people around me would just cancel them
out...

[T-Then, I’m going to wash my body...]

At any rate, I still don’t dare to soak my body in the hot water yet. I need to
calm down my chaotic mind. If it were possible, I’d like to do some zen
meditation here and focus my mind. I need more time at this moment. Alice’s
appearance from the very beginning of this mixed bathing was too intense for
me... To be honest, I don’t feel like I can look at her face properly now, and
my heart beats faster just thinking about it. However, I had completely lost my
composure. I wonder what would happen if I made such a statement now... I would
have known what would happen if I just thought about this for a bit but...

[Ahh, then, I’ll wash your back for you!]

[...I also... want to wash... Kaito’s back.]

Kuro and Isis-san reacted immediately. At that moment, the events at Isis-san’s
castle came back to my mind... T-This is bad! If they make a pursuit attack when
I’m already at this state, there’s no way I’m able to endure it! Is there
something I can do? Anything? A way for me to convince Kuro and Isis-san to let
me wash my body on my own... Damn it, I can’t think of anything.

[Kuromu-sama, please wait a moment.]

[Unnn? What’s wrong?]

Just when I realized that I’m about to leap off a cliff and was thinking of a
way out, Ein-san stopped Kuro.

[I know it’s rude of me to ask this, but please grant me this request. Would you
please turn over this role to me?]

[...To Ein?]

[Yes. I have just regained my pride as a maid thanks to Kaito-sama. It would be
a shame for a maid not to repay the favor she has received... Please grant me
this request.]

[H-Hmmm... If Ein says that much, I’m fine with it. What about you, Isis?]

[...Unnn... I’m also... fine giving it... to Ein.]

[You have my gratitude. Kaito-sama too, are you fine with it?]

...Hmmm. This may have been a great help. If the diligent Ein-san says that
she’ll wash my back, she’ll probably do just that. I still feel some
nervousness, but I think I can endure this. At least, I won’t have to face the
fear of not knowing what Kuro and Isis-san will do to me.

[...W-Well then, I will be in your care.]

[Understood.]

Agreeing to let Ein-san wash my back, I sat down on a small wooden chair.

[...Ah, that’s right! Isis, lookie here! I brought a duckie!]

[...Cute.]

As I sat down, I saw Kuro pull out a rubber duck out of nowhere and started
playing with Isis-san, which made me feel relaxed. As I looked forward, I
couldn’t see Ein-san, but she seemed to be preparing quickly as I heard faint
sounds from behind me. Ein-san could probably finish washing my back before I
even noticed it, but I somehow got the feeling that she wasn’t going to use her
usual super speed.

[Well then, I will start washing your back.]

[Ah, yes. Thank you.]

Just as I responded to Ein-san’s voice from behind me, out of the corner of my
eye, I saw a neatly folded towel. I wonder what that is? I’m guessing that she’s
using that to wash my back... but then, it kinda looks a little far away...

No, this can’t be... There’s no way that is the case, right? She definitely just
put it away for a moment, right? There’s no way that... “the towel that Ein-san
was wearing” would be left over there... right? I mean, she doesn’t have to do
that! She’s just going to wash my back, so she doesn’t need to be completely
naked, you know?! W-Well\~\~ Kaito, you really are no good. Virgins like you
really are too imaginative... Haha... hahaha...

[E-Ein-san. Ummm, what’s that towel over there?]

I decided to just ask her directly. It’s alright, there’s no problem. I’m sure
that Ein-san will answer “Ahh, I’ll be using that later” or something like that.
No, I didn’t really need to ask, but when I saw it, I couldn’t help myself. I
was just a little curious...

[...It’s the towel I was wearing.]

[Wha?! E-Ein-san?!]

However, Ein-san’s actions were out of my expectations, leaping far beyond them
at mach speed. All of a sudden, I heard a quiet, yet seductive voice whisper to
my ear.

[...Kaito-sama, thank you very much for earlier.]

The heck is this?! What the heck is happening?! Why the heck is Ein-san, who
seems to be in her birthday suit, whispering to me from a distance where her
lips are almost touching my ear?!

[Ah, n-no... ummm...]

[I’m really happy to hear that you’re thinking well of me.]

Her voice was so erotic that I couldn’t imagine it from her usual cool
impression. Whenever she whispered in my ear, I felt an inexplicable feeling
within me that’s making me tremble.

[This is the least I can do... Please allow me to “serve you” with all my
heart.]

Why does it sound like it means something weird?! When a nude maid says
something like serving, it would completely make me think in a different
direction, you know?! N-No, there’s no way that she meant it that way, right? I
thought I drew the safest card in the pile, but I never thought it would turn
out to be a joker, the worst card of all...

[Whaaa?!?!]

Something soft touched my back just now! Was that a sponge? That’s a sponge,
right?! I feel like the sponge’s as warm as the human body, but why the heck do
I feel like the warmth reaches wider than a sponge should?! I-I’m also feeling
something a little hard and elastic in some areas but... Ahh, those parts are
that, right?! The feeling on my back, isn’t this Ein-san?! What the heck are you
doing there?!

[This kind of way where you make use of your body like this to clean a
gentleman’s body exists, right? I heard about this from Shalltear.]

[W-W-W-Wha...]

That idiot?! What the heck are you spreading around?! This kind of washing
someone certainly exists, but this isn’t something normal and is only done on
shady establishments, you know?! Ahh, I can’t move, Ein-san! This is bad, I’m
telling you! This is seriously bad! The inexplicable warmth and softness I feel
on my back, everytime they move up and down, it also feels like they were aiming
to rub away my sense of reason.

[Regrettably, my breasts aren’t very large but... I will just make it up with my
skills.]

[A-Ahh... W-Wait, that is...]

It’s sometimes strong, sometimes gentle and sometimes slow and steady, giving me
a heavenly feeling of pleasantness. It feels like my head is suffering in hell
though... W-When is this going to end? M-My head is boiling already...
S-Someone, help me...

[...There’s such a way to wash someone huh.]

[...As expected... of Ein... Next time... I’ll try... that too.]

I didn’t have any allies?! Using this as a reference, what are you even
thinking? Don’t do that, okay? Don’t ever copy her, okay?!

At first, I thought it was the best option for me to have Ein-san wash my back.
But now, I know firsthand that she was the most dangerous choice. No, please
hurry up and end this. If it continues like this—My reasoning would completely
disappear.

An onsen is a place where you can soak your body in hot water with a variety of
effects while enjoying a wide open view. It is the very heart of the Japanese
people. However, even though I came to take a bath in an onsen, why is it that I
am so tired? Heck, I haven’t even taken a bath yet...

I was caught in the strongest ambush by Ein-san, who was washing my body with
her body as a sponge. Feeling her body behind my back, I can only assume that
this is an attempt to destroy my reason, but one thing is for sure. Her attack
had left me severely exhausted. However... I repeat, however! I got over it. It
was definitely one of the strongest trials I’ve ever faced, but I fought through
it. If I say this out loud, I may suddenly be slapped by Buddhist people, but I
think I have achieved enlightenment just now. In the latter half of this event,
I felt like I could see myself from the eyes of another. Well, even though it’s
already over, I’m still feeling anguish over the feeling of Ein-san on my
body...

Anyway, I finished washing my body and was finally able to soak in the hot
water. The thick, murky water was a little hot and soaked into my tired body.

[Haahhh\~\~]

I really like onsens. I’ve never had the chance to go to a hot spring as a
college student living alone, but it seems like I really like onsens. Thanks to
the extraordinary ordeal I just went through, I now feel like I’m mentally quite
composed. Or perhaps, my mind is just so worn out that I don’t have the time to
think about the small details anymore...

[...Here’s Kaito-kun’s!]

[...Unnn?]

[Rubber duckie!]

[...T-Thanks.]

What Kuro gave me was a child’s toy that floats in the water. Ahh, speaking of
which, aren’t Kuro and Isis-san playing with them while waiting for me? Looking
at their sides again, I saw that Kuro had a yellow duck and Isis had a white
duck floating in front of them.

[...My duckie... is the strongest.]

[Mnhh! My duckie won’t lose!]

I don’t think you’re supposed to compare strengths with rubber ducks... Well,
this is kind of relaxing, so I guess it’s fine. As I watched Kuro and Isis-san
having fun, I looked at the toy Kuro had just given me. Mine was brown and a
little slimmer than Kuro’s duck... Hey, doesn’t this look more of a “goose”
instead?

[Kaito-sama, would you like some alcohol?]

[Eh? Ahh, thank you. Thank you for the drink.]

As I was leisurely watching Kuro and Isis-san, Ein-san came up to me with a tray
floating on the water. On top of the tray, there was a sake bottle and a sake
cup... Ahh, that would be great. As expected of Ein-san, she knows her stuff.
After thanking her, I picked up the sake cup and Ein-san fluidly poured the sake
in it. Making sure that it doesn’t spill, I took a sip and found it to be dry
and strong, yet refreshing, and it seemed to gradually seep from my mouth to my
throat and then, down to my stomach.

[...It’s delicious. This is Japanese sake, right?]

[Yes. It was made at Neun-san’s request, but since Kaito-sama came from the same
world as her, I thought it would suit Kaito-sama’s palate, so I prepared it.]

I see, Neun-san prefers Japanese sake as well huh... That certainly seems like
her.

[I have prepared for Kuromu-sama, Isis and Shalltear too.]

[Thanks, Ein\~\~]

[...Thank you.]

As Ein-san took out a new tray from nowhere, Kuro-san and Isis-san moved over to
us. What was placed on the trays for Kuro and Isis were wine glasses and an
ordinary cup.

[Is the wine for Kuro?]

[Unnn. I don’t really like spicy alcohol. I prefer drinks like wine.]

[What about Isis-san?]

[...I don’t really... like alcohol... that’s why... I’m having juice.]

Fumu fumu, I guess we each have our preferences huh. What about me though? I
like all kinds of alcohol, but I guess I don’t like those with a strong smell.
Rather, putting our preferences aside...

[...Alice, how long are you going to be diving?]

[...]

The one I’m bothered about is Alice, who is still diving underwater... She
seemed to be still reeling away because of that incident earlier, and she isn’t
even responding to my call.

[...I’m sorry I wasn’t careful enough. I’ll buy you dinner again sometime to
make up for it.]

[...]

[Alright. That’s fine already, so just come out of there.]

When I said that I would buy her a meal, only a hand with three fingers came out
of the hot water. I recognized this as her asking me to treat her to three
meals, to which I said I was fine with that. Thereupon, from inside the onsen
waters, Alice, “with only her head from above her nose showing”, slowly
approached me. Alice moves closer to us and shows her face, with the bottom of
her chin completely submerged in hot water. Her face clearly looked red, and her
blue eyes weren’t quite tense... Looking at her like that, I unconsciously
thought she was kinda cute.

[...Uuuu, I’ve been sullied. Kaito-san, please take responsibility for this.]

[...There are lots of things I would like to tsukkomi about, but before that...
“The duck’s on your head”, you know?]

[...]

By some coincidence, the yellow duck that Kuro was floating around just now was
now perched on Alice’s head. When I pointed it out to her, she silently removed
the duck from her head and submerged her face up to her nose into the hot water
again. It seems like she was embarrassed. Seeing Alice’s reaction, which was, in
a way, refreshing among the current members, I couldn’t help but chuckle...

[Up we go~]

[Wha?!]

While my body was stretched out in the onsen, Kuro climbed on top of my legs as
if it was natural. What are you doing, Kuro?! No, you certainly have been
sitting on my lap a lot lately but... Between sitting on the lap of someone
while wearing clothes while sitting on the lap while in the nude, do you realize
how different the destructiveness of these two are... Ahh, h-how soft... wait,
stop all that!

[Ehehe, sitting together with Kaito-kun\~\~]

[K-Kuro, g-get off...]

[...Not fair... me too...]

[Isis-san?!]

In any case, I tried to move my free hand to get Kuro off my lap, but before I
could do so, that hand was grabbed by Isis-san. As she hugged my arm, Isis-san’s
soft, smooth body snuggled with it. T-This is bad! Just when I was starting to
compose myself a little bit, but then this happened again... And with Ein-san
standing on the other side, there was no space for me to move at all. As I felt
like my head was about to start releasing steam, I tried to struggle, slightly
moving my body... but it seems like that caused even more trouble for myself.

[Hyaaahhh?!]

[Eh? Ahh, I-I’m sorry!]

[K-K-Kaito-san?! W-Where do you think you’re touching... H-How much do you want
to shame me!]

[N-No, it wasn’t on purpose...]

When I tried moving my foot, it accidentally touched something soft and squishy,
and right after that, Alice flinched and moved her body away. The position of my
feet, Alice’s reaction and words... That means, what my foot touched just now
was... N-No, stop right there! Don’t think about it! Nothing! Fill your mind
with nothingness...

[Unnn? Ahh, could it be that Shalltear wants to come here too?]

[Ehh? Kuro-san? W-What are you...]

[It’s alright. Kaito-kun’s legs are long, so there’s plenty of room... Hoi\~\~]

[Myaaahhh?! K-Kuro-san?! Please let go of me. N-No...]

With Kuro’s words, I felt more softness on my legs. This is bad, this is bad...

[...Mhmm, Shalltear... Doesn’t it look like your breasts are bigger than
mine...]

[Hyaaaahhh?! W-Where do you think you’re touching, Kuro-san?! Y-You can’t,
nuaahhh... wai...]

They started fooling around above my legs. My mind is slowly being whittled
away... Somebody... Help me...

---

Relaxing my flushed body on the couch in the changing room and letting out a
deep sigh, I wondered if this tiredness I’m feeling is because of the onsen or
because of some other reason. The air passing through the gaps in my yukata
slowly cooled my hot body, making me feel somewhat comfortable. But well,
seriously... It was a long and arduous battle. I don’t know how many times I
thought about just giving up... Even so, I did it. I surpassed it. It isn’t
really like Alice, but I think I also got traumatized by the bath. I don’t
really know why I’m fated to have events happen while I’m in the bath... I even
kinda missed those times when I first came to this world, thinking that there
was no such thing as a lucky pervert.

As I was absentmindedly thinking about this, a bottle of milk was held out in
front of me.

[Kaito-san, would you like some cold milk?]

[...Thanks. Where’s Kuro and the others?]

[Ahh, I heard they want to play with some “fireworks”, so they head out first to
get them ready. I’m in charge of picking up Kaito-san.]

[...I see... Ahh, this is great.]

[You really need to drink a bottle of cold milk after a bath after all.]

Apparently, Kuro and Isis-san were so excited about the fact that we were all
staying together that they even went to prepare for fireworks. Alice, who had
come to pick me up, was wearing a yukata and her usual mask, giving her a
somewhat unbalanced appearance. She said she was here to pick me up, but she
took out another bottle of milk from nowhere and sat down right next to me.

[...Pfuhaa\~\~ Well, it looks like young Kaito-san is tired, so let’s take a
breather first before we go.]

[You’re right. I’m certainly in the mood for a breather now.]

It may have been because I had just finished taking a bath, but I felt a sense
of calmness and serenity flowing through me. Without saying anything more, Alice
drank her milk and after a few while, she muttered.

[...Kaito-san. There’s one thing I really don’t understand, so do you mind if I
ask you that?]

[Unnn? For you to have something you don’t understand, that’s quite unusual of
you, Alice.]

[Of course, there are also things I don’t know. Like the depths of a person’s
heart... Unless the person herself wants to show it to me, I won’t be able to
see it.]

[If it’s you, I think you would be able to peek into it though...]

[Ahaha.]

[...So, what are you asking?]

[Ah\~\~ Well\~\~ It’s not really that big of a deal...]

After saying that, Alice turned her gaze towards me and calmly spoke.

[...Kaito-san, why are you even trying to “endure” it?]

[Ehh? What is?]

[No, well, I’m talking about your behavior. Kuro-san and I did say that we
wanted you to wait for a while, and since Isis-san is a pure person, I can
understand why you’re reluctant to step into such a relationship with her. As
for Ein-san, she isn’t even your lover.]

[...Unnn.]

[...As for Duchess Lilia, I can understand your actions because of her
character... but what about Sieg-san?]

I understand what Alice is asking. She’s wondering why I haven’t had any sexual
relations with anyone yet.

[No, well, I’m sure Kaito-san also has to prepare your heart for such deeds.
Ahh, it’s not like I’m trying to say that you should just do it or something
like that but... I was simply wondering why.]

[...Why huh...]

[Well, I know it’s too late to say it, but I don’t really intend to hide it, so
I’ll say it now... I also know that Kaito-san sometimes secretly deals with your
needs alone. Ahh, of course, in that situation, I would move out of sight.]

[...That certainly is too late to say... Ah, where did my privacy go...]

This was a topic that would normally have made me blush and hide from
embarrassment but... Alice’s seriousness right now wouldn’t let me do so. Alice
wasn’t trying to make fun of me at all, she was just genuinely interested in
this question.

[...Well, anyway. I know that the way I say this may sound bad, but don’t you
think Sieg-san fits just right depending on your conditions? Her personality is
such that she will accept Kaito-san if you ask, and her age... She isn’t some
twisted thousand year old virgin like me.]

[...Mhmm.]

[You live under the same roof, and have a lot of topics to talk about, like
taking care of your pets. Unlike Kuro-san and Isis-san, the elves also have a
decent sex drive that stems from the preservation of species.]

[...]

Well, if she puts it that way, I guess you could really say that Sieg-san is the
perfect match for me. In fact, Sieg-san is a kind, older woman, and in that
sense, she is just too good of a lover for me. Even so, the reason why I still
haven’t held out my hand to her huh...

[...Ah, no, if it’s hard to answer, it’s not like you have to do so...]

[Alice, you also understand it, right? That I would return to this world after
going back to my world once.]

[Yes, you told me about it before, Kaito-san.]

[...Unnn. My purpose for returning is simple. I just wanted to say goodbye to
the people who took care of me in my original world. That’s all there is to
it... However, that’s something very important to me. Only when I’ve done that
can I say with pride, that “I’m going to live in this world”.]

[...Dealing with unfinished business first huh...?]

[...Yeah.]

...Sorry, Alice. I just lied to you. No, maybe lie isn’t the right word for
this... My uncle and aunt who took me in and raised me are the ones I owe the
most. Before going into such... Before I get into a deeper relationship with
Kuro and the others, I really want to give myself some closure. However, there’s
something I intentionally didn’t tell her. It’s the thing that I’m most anxious
about right now...

I haven’t told anyone about it yet. The words that Shiro-san told me when I
visited the God Realm before. Shiro-san compared herself to the “Last Boss” in
one of the stories I read. Such a Shiro-san told me that she’s giving me the
final ordeal... telling me that I should beat myself. There was one part of
Shiro-san’s words that made me feel uncomfortable. Shiro-san said that if I
didn’t make it through her ordeal, my choices would be the same as the rest of
the otherworlders... Asking me whether I would stay in this world, or go back to
my previous world. If it were regarding that, my words certainly weren’t a
lie... However, “are those really my only options”?

From her statement telling me to win her final ordeal, I think it’s safe to say
that it would be a match between Shiro-san and I. What I’m asking her is that I
go back to my world and then, come back to this world... something that was
unprecedented before. However, by fighting a match against her... “What will I
lose” if I was defeated?

Perhaps, I may have just been thinking too much. No, it seems more likely that
Shiro-san simply imposed that ordeal and isn’t going to ask for any compensation
from me. However, I can’t help but feel bothered about this. When she told me
“Show me your true worth.”, I can’t help but notice the challenging look on
Shiro-san’s face... And when she told me “If you wish for more than that, you
need to be prepared for that”...

If my worth doesn’t meet Shiro-san’s standards, what would she do with me then?
There’s also one other thing... What is the true meaning of Shiro-san’s strange
behavior back when I returned from Rigforeshia, and her words at that time about
not giving up and trying to struggle? I don’t know, and I’m pretty sure
Shiro-san wouldn’t answer if I asked. Well, there’s always the possibility that
I’m really just overthinking this...

[Now then, Kuro and the others are waiting for us, so how about we start
moving?]

[...You’re right.]

Right now, I’m not talking about my thoughts regarding this. It’s just a hunch,
but this trial that Shiro-san is going to put me through... I think it’s
“something I need to get over on my own”... Just as I was about to get up from
the couch and start walking alongside Alice, she pulled on my sleeve.

[...Alice?]

[Kaito-san, you know, I asked you to wait for when I found courage, right...]

[Unnn.]

[You know, I’m a twisted virgin... so it might take a little while. But
perhaps... I think I’ll be able to “find the courage by the time Kaito-san comes
back to this world”.]

[...]

[...That’s why, errr... When Kaito-san properly says goodbye to your original
world and comes back here... At that time, please take me to that place. To a
“romantic cottage with a seaside view”... It’s a promise, okay?]

[...Yeah, it’s a promise.]

I’ve often heard from people that I was a terrible liar. That’s why, I’m sure...
Alice is aware that I lied to her. She knows I’m hiding something, she knows it
isn’t something simple... Even as she was aware of this, she still told me that
she would wait for me. How should I say this... Unnn—I’m falling in love with
her all over again.

On the shore of the lake, I enjoyed the colorful fireworks with Kuro and the
others, who were also dressed in yukata. I don’t know who prepared them, but
they have handheld fireworks just like the ones in my original world, like
sparklers, rockets, and pinwheels... They even have cheap-looking skyrockets
here.

[I’ll start lighting them\~\~]

Kuro lit a skyrocket that was placed a short distance away, and a little later,
a small but beautiful firework went off.

...Can you believe this? We’re “indoors”, you know? Seriously, how outrageously
spacious is this place...

[Isis-san, you’re fine with sparklers?]

[...Unnn... I like... this.]

Isis-san, squatting down, holding a sparkler in hand with a smile, looked very
picturesque, and I somehow felt elegance about her.

[K-Kuro-san?! Isn’t that the one that flies—Uhyaaahhh?!]

[Ah, sorry! Are you alright?]

[Now you’ve done it, Kuro-san... Eat this! Firework attack!]

[Back you go\~\~]

[Ah, wait! Throwing it back is unfai—Higyaaaahhhh?!]

[I-I’m sorry...]

![Insert 5](../../_Images/v12/Insert5.png#.insert)

Kuro is the organizer of the event and the one enjoying this the most, but it
seems like she only has half-baked knowledge about fireworks themselves. While
Kuro holds a rocket in one hand and lights it, Alice would then avoid it as the
rocket flies towards her... Unlike Isis-san who is peacefully enjoying her
sparkler, they were quite lively. As I ate what looked like a watermelon that
Ein-san had prepared for me, watching that noisy, but fun scene made a smile
naturally appear on my lips.

---

Before I knew it, the fun fireworks ended, and we moved to our overly spacious
bedroom. However, it was still a little early to go to bed, so just as I was
wondering what to do in the meantime, Kuro, Isis-san and Alice began to silently
stare at each other.

[...Are the two of you ready?]

[...Yeah, anytime you’re ready.]

[...Bring... it on... This will be... my win.]

As the three stared at each other, I felt like sparks flew between them and I
could feel the tension in the air. Eh? The heck is happening? Why the heck did
the situation suddenly look explosive? Even though everyone was having fun with
fireworks just now... T-This is bad! If I don’t stop them...

[We fight with “old maid”! The final loser “won’t be able to sleep next to
Kaito-kun”... Got that?!]

[...Unnn... Let’s fight.]

[Yeah, I’ll be having that victory... Wait, arehh? What are you doing, laying
down over there, Kaito-san? It’s still too early for bed, you know?]

...I’m not lying down here, I slipped down here. What the heck are all of you
doing?! Old maid? You’re just playing that, but why the heck do you all have
this atmosphere around you all as if you’re “about to have a duel”?! Or rather,
is it already decided that I’m going to sleep in the middle of the bed with two
people on both of my sides?

[Well then, Ein! Deal the cards!]

[Understood.]

Even though I’m still feeling dumbfounded, the three of them looked pretty
serious. Holding the cards that Ein-san dealt to them in their hands, they all
have serious expressions on their faces. Rather, wait a moment? Why did Ein-san
“deal cards to me too”? Eh? I’m going to play too? As I held the cards in my
hand, Alice looked at me and let out a bold smile.

[...Fufufu, Kaito-san. Let me tell you something good for you. No matter how
lucky Kaito-san is, in this game... Luck isn’t the only thing that determines
your victory! No, it’s exactly because you’re the way you are... that you
wouldn’t be able to win.]

[W-What do you mean...]

[Well then, let’s start!]

[Oiii... Kuro...]

I was about to ask her what she meant when she said that I won’t be able to win
old maid because of the way I am, but Kuro announced the start before I could
ask. Incidentally, the order of drawing the cards is Kuro, Alice, Isis-san, then
me... Well, since I’m going to participate anyway, let’s take this game
seriously. With that in mind, the old maid game began, but I soon understood the
meaning of what Alice had said. Isis-san, who had just drawn a card from Alice’s
hand, clearly had a depressed expression on her face... Arehh, I’m sure that she
just drew the joker. Isis-san, you’re too easy to read.

It was then my turn, and as I reached for one of Isis-san’s cards... Isis-san’s
face brightened up. Looking at her face, I moved my hand to the card beside it,
and her expression changed to one that looks like she’s about to start crying.

...Isis-san, you’re too easy to read. Or rather, you’re really bad at playing
old maid. I’ve already figured out where the joker is, you know? However, errr,
this is... I see... This certainly is impossible. I can’t win against her. I
mean, if I draw anything other than the old maid, Isis-san would look like she’s
about to cry...

I-I’m not so callous that I would seize victory in exchange for Isis-san’s
tears. Feeling defeated, especially before the gaze of the smirking Alice, I
drew a card that brightened up Isis-san’s expression.

...wait, arehh? This isn’t the joker? Why? Even though Isis-san looked so easy
to read... Rather than being the old maid, the card I drew paired up with a card
in my hand, which brings my hand down to two cards... Kuro will draw a card from
my hand next, so victory is practically within my reach already. While I tilted
my head, Alice looked surprised, as if she had expected that I had pulled the
old maid from Isis-san’s hand. Could it be that I drew the wrong card? Alright,
I’ll get it next time...

When it was my turn again, I checked Isis-san’s face carefully this time.
Drawing the card that made her smile brightly... Thereupon, I’m already out of
hand. That means, I’m out of the game... Why? When I looked at Isis-san, tilting
my head as to why this happened, she put her cards on the table and gave a small
clap.

[...Kaito is first... amazing.]

[...]

I see, Isis-san “wanted me to be the first”, so “when I tried to draw the joker
out of her hand”, she had a sad expression on her face... Eh? Is she really a
Demon? Are you sure she’s not actually an angel in disguise? No, I’m sure she’s
an angel. She looks really adorable...

[...S-So that’s what happened huh... I-I didn’t see that one coming.]

It seems like she also didn’t expect that Isis-san was going to let me win, and
a wry smile appeared on Alice’s lips. After that, the game resumed, and Isis-san
made a mad dash to the top. Thereupon, Isis-san, who I thought was weak at old
maid, could apparently control her expression as easily as any other player, and
she began arranging her pairs one after another until there were only two cards
left in her hand. Isis-san had the joker and an ace in her hand. It was her turn
to draw now, so if she could draw an ace, she would be out of the game.

[Ahh, Isis-san. I don’t think you should draw that one. I think the card on the
right feels good instead.]

[...Unnn... Okay.]

[Wait right there! Kaito-san, can you please stop telling Isis-san which card to
draw?! The cards Isis-san have been drawing since a while ago have been pairs,
you know?! Your luck is already a cheat, you know?!]

...I’m sorry, Alice. I want to protect my angel’s smile.

Without my intention, the old maid game to select the person who would sleep
next to me had started. I’m the first one out of the game, Isis-san came out
second, and now, it has become a one-on-one battle between Kuro and Alice... and
like that, “one hour” passed. No, no! Why is it that the first and second place
were quickly outed, but the game is still going on for an hour?! Is it that the
both of you are just drawing the old maid?!

[...Kuro-san, why don’t you stop “manipulating causality”? Let’s have a fair and
square fight.]

[...How about you stop “magically switching the pattern” of the cards the moment
I draw it, Shalltear? This game won’t end, you know?]

[...]

[...]

What the heck are you two doing?! It’s just a game of old maid, how serious can
you possibly be?! Staring at each other with serious expressions on their faces,
they then stiffened while holding their cards in their hands. A few moments
later, the occasional sound of bursting air began to echo.

[It seems like both of them are drawing cards at a tremendous speed. In the last
few seconds, they’ve already drawn a “thousand” times.]

[...Seriously, what the heck are you two doing...]

According to Ein-san’s input regarding the situation, Kuro and Alice are
currently drawing cards at a speed I can’t perceive. This doesn’t even look like
old maid anymore...

[...Ein-san, is this game even going to end?]

[It’s hard to say. If Kuromu-sama gets serious, it would be possible for her to
draw cards at a speed that Shalltear wouldn’t be able to react to... but if that
happens, the impact will “wipe out this room”.]

[...]

[If Kuromu-sama moves at a speed that won’t affect the surroundings, Shalltear
would be able to react to that. If we were to wait for when one of them makes a
mistake... This game should end after “10 days”.]

[The Six Kings Festival would be over by then though?!]

For a game of old maid between two monsters to be this tremendous... Well, as
far as I’m concerned, I’ve already given up on opposing their decision of
sleeping with me, so I just want to get this game over with. However, Kuro and
Alice seemed so serious, and neither of them seemed to have any intention of
letting up.

[...It can’t be helped... There can only be two people... who can sleep next to
Kaito... that’s why... this game is very important.]

[No, you’re just exaggerating...]

I exhaled a sigh as I responded to Isis-san, who told me that with a solemn look
on her face. Thereupon, Ein-san put her hand on her chin as if she was thinking
about something and a little while later, she spoke.

[Rather than fighting for that spot... Wouldn’t it be better if one of you
“sleeps above Kaito-sama’s body”?]

[...Huh?]

[ [ There’s that! ] ]

The moment Ein-san muttered something really outrageous, Kuro and Alice turned
toward us and shouted at the same time. No, no, you don’t “There’s that!” here!
No matter how you think about it, that’s not a good suggestion! Two people on
both of my sides, while one sleeps on top of me. No, that won’t do. It would be
quite the problem for my reasoning...

[No, as expected, that’s kinda...]

[That’s a great idea, isn’t it, Kuro-san?! If we do that, it would certainly be
alright for the three of us!]

[Unnn! Unnn! As expected of Ein!]

[N-No, like I said...]

[...Everyone’s together... I’m glad.]

[I-Isis-san...]

Ahh, this won’t do. From my experience, I already know what’s going to happen. I
would be pushed around again and swept along with their decisions. Looking at
Kuro and Alice, who were nowhere near as serious as they had been just now, I
let out my greatest sigh of the day.

The time for sleep has arrived... It seems that Ein-san isn’t going to sleep and
is waiting for commands outside the door. It seems like Kuro and the others also
normally don’t sleep, but they sleep with me when I’m around. Incidentally, the
old maid game between Kuro and Alice was settled as a draw. Anyhow, both of them
had no reason to really fight each other anymore, so they ended it that way.

[Hmmm. It would be better if Shalltear or I were on top, so that we can adjust
our weight without weighing down on Kaito-kun too much, right?]

[I guess so. However, it feels embarrassing for me to be on top... so can
Kuro-san be on top?]

[Unnn!]

Don’t you have any thicker clothes? A yukata, you see... Its fabric is thin and
it has some gaps one can peek in, and while it may be easier to sleep in, it’s
the worst possible clothing for this situation. I mean, if we’re all going to
sleep together like that, doesn’t the size of this bed make no sense at all? No,
I feel like I’ve already lost if I tsukkomi’d about that... This is no good. I
can’t calm my thoughts at all.

[...Four of us together... How fun.]

[You’re right. We haven’t had many opportunities like this since we left
Kuro-san’s place and lived on our own... Well then, let’s go to bed!]

Form is emptiness, emptiness is form... Nothingness. I am now becoming
nothingness. To be honest, I’m not really sure what those words mean, but I feel
like I’m on my way to enlightenment.

[...Kaito?]

[I-I’m alright. Let’s go to bed.]

Empty my mind... Empty it of everything...

With Isis-san’s urging, I laid down on the bed on my back. To my right, Isis-san
came and held my arm, making me feel the soft touch of her body from across the
thin cloth. Evil thoughts, dissipate! Evil thoughts, dissipate! On my left side,
Alice lies down and embraces my arm just like Isis-san did. Alice’s petite body
is tightly pressed against my arm, completely making me feel her smooth skin.
Stop that, remove all such thoughts in mind! I’m totally alright, it’s not like
I’m feeling strangely aroused or anything like that. I’m enduring it, I’m
enduring it, I’m enduring it...

Finally, Kuro climbed on top of my body. Just when she said she would adjust her
weight, Kuro’s body was surprisingly light, and I hardly felt her weight.
However, even though I don’t feel her weight, I can still feel the touch of
Kuro’s body. Kuro’s face is so close to mine that I can smell her fragrant scent
tickling my nostrils, and if I turn my gaze even slightly towards her body,
through the gap in her yukata, I can see her brea... aaaaaahhhhhh?! This really
won’t do! This is bad, the blood in my body is going to boil...

There’s a slightly different feeling from each of the three directions. However,
there’s a beautiful girl when I look forward, and there are also beautiful girls
when I look to the side... Even though I’ve already gone out of the bath, I feel
like I would faint from dizziness. The most dangerous of all of them is Kuro...
She had been happily smiling since a while ago, but her thighs have been
accidentally grazing my dangerous zone, which is a very dangerous situation for
me.

[Ehehe, you’re quite big, aren’t you, Kaito-kun?]

Could you stop that?! It makes it sound different in my ears, so could you stop
that?! Also, could you not whisper in my ear... just feeling your breath grazing
my ears makes me feel something dangerous, you know?!

[...Kaito.]

[...Kaito-san.]

Y-You’re even adding a pincer attack with that... Are you all really trying to
kill off my reasoning?! I-I need to somehow calm my mind... Wait, Kuro?! “Could
you not put your hand into the gap of my yukata”?! W-Why the heck did this
happen...
