---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 3: Post-Incident Explanations

After the matter with Dr. Vier was settled, I came back to Lilia-san’s mansion
with Dr. Vier. Of course, the reason Dr. Vier is with me is to explain her
situation to Lilia-san and the others... Saying that she personally wants to
give them a proper explanation because they got involved in this matter, so she
came back with me with my Teleportation Magic Tool.

Incidentally, Neun-san said that she would accompany us... But it seems like
Neun-san was quite exhausted from her fight with Lilia-san, as Dr. Vier gave her
the doctor’s stop order. In particular, the bones where Lilia-san had struck her
seemed to have been broken. The fracture itself was healed by Dr. Vier’s
Recovery Magic, but she still told her to get a rest for the day because she was
very tired. Neun-san was still trying to accompany us though, saying some kind
of incomprehensible super-theory of “It doesn’t really matter whether I broke a
bone or two, I can handle myself well with my fighting spirit”, but Dr. Vier
almost forced her to leave. Or rather, Neun-san, even though she broke her
breast bone... ribs, she still ate all those food with me... It’s once again
making me think that she’s also one heck of a superwoman.

Well, according to Neun-san, if it’s just a few broken bones, they will
completely heal after a night of rest. I’m not sure whether this is because she
have the body of a Demon or because of the fact that Neun-san is a monster, but
at any rate, I’m relieved to know that nothing serious happened. And now, we’ve
reached the office where Lilia-san, Lunamaria-san and Sieg-san are waiting.
Knocking on the office’s door, Dr. Vier and I went inside. Well, Dr. Vier’s
klutziness slightly appeared again... It was a sliding door, but she kept on
pushing it open, so it took us a little while to get in after we knocked...

[Welcome back, Kaito-san. Also, welcome, Dr. Vier.]

[I’m back.]

[It’s been a while, Lilia-chan and Sieg-chan. As for Lu-chan, we just met the
other day, didn’t we?]

[Arehh? Dr. Vier, you were acquainted with them?]

[Ahh, unnn. I’ve met them a few times through Lu-chan.]

It is true that Dr. Vier is Noir-san’s doctor, so it isn’t surprising that she
knows Lilia-san and Sieg-san through Lunamaria-san.

[...All three of you, I’m really sorry for the trouble I caused you this time.]

[N-No... Please don’t worry about it. It’s just that, ummm, embarrassing it may
be to say this, but we don’t really understand what was going on... It would be
great if you could explain to us the situation.]

[Unnn. Of course, I will properly explain it to you... Errr, where should I
start...]

As they were acquaintances from the start, the explanation of the situation
began rather smoothly, and Dr. Vier began to explain the situation, saying one
word after another, as if she’s recalling them.

...After Dr. Vier finished explaining, the office was filled with silence. The
fact that the Demon Lord was actually alive and that it was Dr. Vier would
certainly be shocking. In the room where this truth was told, the first person
to move was Lunamaria-san. Her eyes wide open, looking stunned, Lunamaria-san
collapsed on the floor and muttered.

[...N-No way... “Big Sister” Vier... was the Demon Lord?]

[Unnn. I’m sorry I hid it from you for so long, Lu-chan.]

[Ahh, n-no?! Ahh... U-Ummm, t-that’s not it!]

Lunamaria-san certainly looked surprised, but for some reason, her face turned
pale as she shouted.

[I-I just talked about the general image of the Demon Lord spoken in legends...
I-It’s not like I’m making fun of you, Big Sister Vier!!!]

...Ahh, I see. Speaking of which, I remembered Lunamaria-san dissing the Demon
Lord very badly. Being that the Demon Lord was actually an acquaintance of hers
and someone she adores to the point of calling her Big Sister, she panicked and
hurriedly explained herself.

[No. Don’t worry about it. In fact, just as Lu-chan said, I’ve been a terrible
fool.]

[T-That’s not it! Big Sister Vier isn’t that kind of person! I-If I had known
about this, I wouldn’t have said such a thing!]

[Ehh? Ah, u-unnn. Thanks? Errr, are you not mad at me for hiding it from you?]

[I’m not! There’s no way I can hate Big Sister Vier... Rather, for always
unknowingly saying horrible things to you... I-I’m sorry.]

Apparently, Lunamaria-san really adores Dr. Vier, and is more shocked by the
fact that she had unknowingly insulted Dr. Vier than when she found out that her
true identity as that Demon Lord. Seeing Lunamaria-san apologizing in an
unimaginably meek manner, Dr. Vier flusteredly appeased her. Watching that
scene, Sieg also calmly spoke to sort out her surprise.

[...For Dr. Vier to be the Demon Lord... That was quite the surprise. However,
just like Luna, I also don’t feel any anger. Rather, I can’t thank you enough
for explaining the difficult situation for us.]

[...Sieg-chan.]

[That’s right! Regardless of your past, Big Sister Vier is still Big Sister
Vier!]

[...Lu-chan.]

Lunamaria-san and Sieg-san, both of who know the current Dr. Vier, said that
they wouldn’t despise her even if they knew her past. Hearing this, Dr. Vier
happily smiled and patted Lunamaria-san’s head.

[...]

However, in the midst of such an atmosphere, Lilia-san didn’t say a word and
only stared at Dr. Vier.

[...Lilia-chan, I’m sorry for surprising you... and for causing you trouble.]

[...]

[M-Milady! Please don’t condemn Big Sister Vier. She’s suffered a lot too!]

[...]

[...Milady?]

Lilia-san still didn’t say anything. She just stared straight at Dr. Vier, “not
moving an inch”... Arehh? Doesn’t it seem like something’s off with her? When
such a question popped in my mind, Lunamaria-san tilted her head in wonder as
well and approached Lilia-san. Then, after Lunamaria-san waved her hand a few
times in front of Lilia-san’s face... Lilia-san still didn’t move.

[...It seems like... “she fainted”.]

[...Lili... So you’re now able to faint even with your eyes open huh, how
dexterous of you...]

She fainted with her eyes open?! A-A new pattern huh... No, it’s not like I’m
looking for such variations in the way she faints but... It seems like Dr.
Vier’s story had exceeded Lilia-san’s tolerance level, and she had fainted in
the middle of the conversation.

[T-This is bad! I need to use Resuscitation Magic immediately...]

[Eh? Ahh, Big Sister Vier?!]

Dr. Vier, not used to such a situation with Lilia-san, approached the fainted
Lilia-san with a worried expression on her face, and held out her hand with a
small magic circle floating on it. Thereupon, light overflowed from Dr. Vier’s
hand and Lilia-san’s petrified eyes moved.

[A-Arehh? What was I...]

[Lilia-chan?! Are you okay? You suddenly fainted... Could it be that you’ve
gathered quite the fatigue in your body? Do you feel any pain?]

[N-No, I’m alright... Hahaha, I’m sorry. It’s just that... I had this weird
dream that Dr. Vier was actually the Demon Lord...]

[U-Unnn. I’m the Demon Lord though?]

[...Eh?]

[W-Well, as I said, I’m a Demon who used to be called the Demon Lord...]

[A-Ahaha, i-is that so. I-It wasn’t a dream huh... Y-Yes, you were the Demon
Lord huh. I know what the Demon Lord is... Dr. Vier is... the Demon Lord, the
Demon Lord is Dr. Vier... Thus, the Demon Lord is the Demon Lord... Kyuuu\~\~]

[Lilia-chan?! Pull yourself together!]

Right after she got up, she immediately fainted for the second time...
Lilia-san, ummm... I’m sorry. As Lilia-san fainted with her eyes rolling up, Dr.
Vier flusteredly supported her body. Unnn, this is that, right...? I feel like
she’s going to wake up and pass out a few more times.

[...I guess I’ll go make some tea.]

[...I’m going to bring food to Bell-chan and Lynn-chan.]

In Lilia-san’s office, Dr. Vier explained about the situation. As a result...
We’re currently in a situation that can best be described as a scene of carnage.

[Please let me go, Dr. Vier! I’m already—I’m already at my limits.]

[That won’t do, Lilia-chan! As a doctor, I can’t overlook the fact that you’re
taking so much “stomach medicine”! You need to follow the proper dosage...]

[I can’t do without drinking all of it!!!]

[It’s not alcohol! No matter how you drink it, it wouldn’t have any sort of
calming effect on your mind!]

After learning the fact that Dr. Vier was the Demon Lord and fainting several
times, Lilia-san took out “several kinds of stomach medicine” and was about to
drink it when Dr. Vier gave her the Doctor’s stop order. And now, the situation
where Lilia-san is trying to take the stomach medicine and Dr. Vier trying to
prevent her from doing so occurred. As for me, I couldn’t even intrude in this
situation and watched what was going on while drinking the tea that
Lunamaria-san had made for me. Unnn, it’s not like I’m afraid to talk to
Lilia-san or anything...

[...Ahh, this tea is a little different than usual. It’s still delicious
though.]

[Why in the world are you in laid-back rest mode?! Kaito-san!!!]

[Hyiihhhh?!]

...Ah, shit. I was just escaping from reality, but I didn’t realize that I said
that out loud, and in response, Lilia-san’s target shifted to me. With tears in
her eyes, Lilia-san approached me and fluidly grabbed my collar.

[Guehh...]

[What in the world does this mean?! I know! I know that this time isn’t your
fault, Kaito-san! But I still have my limits, you know?!]

[L-Lilia-san... It hurts... You’re strangling me...]

[Seriously, what in the world is wrong with you?! You’ve only been in this world
for less than half a year, so how in the world are you attracting all these
crazy things one after another?! Didn’t I tell you I’ve already reached my
limit?!]

[...]

[What exactly are you aiming at?! How much of the mysteries of this world are
you going to gather in front of my doorstep?! Are you still hiding someone in
there?! You’re definitely hiding someone, aren’t you?!]

As my collar was being grabbed, I allowed myself to be violently rocked back and
forth... I’m definitely feeling sorry for her... but Lilia-san, c-could you calm
down for a bit... It seriously hurts... I’m going to collapse. Receiving the
onslaught of Lilia-san’s tearful screams as she looked completely fed up with my
deeds, I moved my gaze towards Lunamaria-san, asking for her help.

[...The cookies are delicious. Please give me some more!]

[Understood, Phantasmal King-sama.]

Oi, you idiot... Why the heck are you naturally relaxing over there, munching on
some cookies? Could you help me out here... I’m going to end up fainting here,
you know?!

[L-Lilia-chan... Calm down, it’s not like Miyama-kun meant any harm...]

[No mooooooreeeeee! Kaito-san is scarrrrrryyyy!!! Kaito-san is bullying
meeeeeeeee!]

Dr. Vier tried stopping Lilia-san, but her voice didn’t reach Lilia-san, who’s
about to blow her fuse. Sobbing like a child, Lilia-san rocked me back and forth
even more vigorously.

[Lilia-chan, listen to me! Miyama-kun’s face is already turning blue so... Let
go of your hold... Errr... “Gravity Fall”!]

[Fugyaaahhh?!]

With Dr. Vier’s words, Lilia-san was knocked down to the floor and my body was
released half-forcibly. In front of me, who had finally been released and was
trying to roughly inhale as much oxygen as I could, Lilia-san slammed face-first
into the ground, and with her eyes turned up again, she fainted.

[...I’m really sorry.]

[N-No, I’m sorry for always bringing you trouble.]

After recovering with Dr. Vier’s Recovery Magic, Lilia-san seemed to have calmed
down and apologized to me with a deep bow. No, well, how should I say this...
There was no way I could complain with the deeds I accumulated in the past, so I
was the one who desperately needed to apologize. Lilia-san and I continued to
say “I’m the one who should say sorry instead” for a while. After we had both
calmed down to some extent, we resumed our conversation.

[...I’m sorry for digressing, Dr. Vier. I understood what you said.]

[U-Unnn... Rather than that, are you alright, Lilia-chan? I’m not talking about
just now, but with the usual situation...]

[...Do you have any good stomach medicine?]

[H-Hmmm... I guess it’s stress huh? You became a duchess at a young age after
all. I know it’s a lot to take in, but you shouldn’t rely on medicine too much.]

[...No, I certainly feel some stress, but that isn’t the cause...]

[Unnn?]

When Lilia-san muttered with her eyes looking in the far distance... Dr. Vier
tilted her head, looking as if she didn’t understand what was going on. Yes, I’m
sorry... Most of it was my fault.

[Even so, not only the First Hero, but for the Demon Lord to still be alive...
My common sense has been shattered in the last six months.]

[A-Ahaha... I’m sorry for startling you.]

[No, it isn’t Dr. Vier’s fault. I know what kind of person you are very well,
and I don’t intend to say anything about something that happened a thousand
years ago.]

[...Thank you.]

Lilia-san, who has finally calmed down, announces with a gentle smile that she
accepts Dr. Vier’s past, to which Dr. Vier happily thanks her.

[...Well, putting that aside... I have something else I want to ask Kaito-san.]

[...Eh?]

[My intuition is telling me that Kaito-san is still hiding something... To be
more specific, the fact that I felt an inordinate amount of magic power I felt
earlier. What was that?]

[...Errr.]

[Ahh, I’ve been wondering about that too. Miyama-kun, who is that person? Even
though she holds such incredible power, I’ve never even seen her before...]

Both of their eyes turned to me. Ahh, I see... Even after I had finished
explaining about Dr. Vier, there was still something I needed to explain. Yes,
it’s about Eden-san... I only briefly told Lilia-san about her, but to Dr. Vier,
she must have been a truly unknown monster. However, I wonder how I should
explain to them about that absurdly dense Eden-san... Realizing that the
conversation wasn’t over yet, I opened my mouth to explain to them about her.

Even though she was about to blow her fuse when she heard about Dr. Vier’s
matter, Lilia-san had understood Dr. Vier’s situation. After that, I now have to
explain to her about Eden-san... but I really don’t know how to explain it. I
mean, she’s certainly the God of my world but—It’s hard for me to say that she’s
sickeningly frightening.

After I finished explaining to Lilia-san and Dr. Vier about Eden-san to some
extent, a considerably heavy silence appeared. A little while later, Lilia-san
spoke in a grave tone.

[...In short... This Eden-sama is the God of Kaito-san’s world that you had told
me about before... and that God likes Kaito-san... That’s why she helped you for
this matter...]

[Y-Yes, well, something like that.]

I don’t think Eden-san’s affection is on the level of liking me... Well, let’s
just let this matter remain unclear. Well, you know... As expected, I couldn’t
just say “The God of my world is a Yandere” or anything like that, right...
Right?

[...I thought that since I had met most of the powerful beings in this world...
that would be the end of it... And now, you even went and asked the assistance
of a God from another world... No more... You aren’t even trying to restrain
yourself at all.]

[...My apologies.]

I deeply bowed once again to Lilia, who exhaustedly muttered. Thereupon, Dr.
Vier, who had been silently listening to me up to that point, spoke to me,
looking somewhat convinced.

[Miyama-kun, in other words, is it correct to say that... she is someone like
the Creator God of our world?]

[Y-Yes, probably.]

[I see... No wonder I was feeling so helpless before her. I thought that I was a
pretty strong person but... the top of the worlds really is different.]

Dr. Vier was surprised by Eden-san’s identity, but she nodded her head, looking
like she understood why she had been overpowered.

[...Dr. Vier.]

[Unnn?]

[...Do you have any... good stomach medicine?]

[Unnn. I think we should get you to try to stop relying on medication first.
What you’re feeling is something psychological, so it’s important for you to
have a change in mood. I think it would be good for you to get some walk under
the morning sun.]

[...What am I supposed to do?]

[Hmmm. Lilia-chan is a very serious person, so you probably already have a lot
on your plate. I can’t say anything too much because I’m the one who caused a
problem this time but... I think it’s best if you don’t mind about things too
much.]

Somehow, doesn’t it seem like they’ve started some sort of counseling?! No, I’m
really sorry, Lilia-san...

[It’ll be easier to just talk about your complaints and worries to others. How
about you talk about it to someone like Lu-chan?]

Unnn. What Dr. Vier said certainly was a sound argument but... I think that her
choice of person is a complete mistake. However, I can’t really say “I’m here to
listen to all of your complaints.” to her. After all, I’m the cause of her
worries...

[Ahh, that’s right! Why don’t you go on a “date with Miyama-kun” for a change of
pace?]

[Ehh?! A d-d-d-date...?]

[Unnn. You two are lovers, right?]

[T-That certainly is t-t-t-true but...]

Hearing Dr. Vier’s unexpected suggestion, Lilia-san’s earlier depression
disappears and with her face turning bright red, her gaze swimmed about as she
spoke.

[H-However... a date... a date is... If I were to regard Kaito-san’s
circumstances... and go on a date with him... the date would turn into a date...
and if we were to go on a date... W-Wouldn’t it be difficult?]

[I’m sorry, I have no idea what you’re talking about! Could you calm down for a
bit...]

[Y-Yes...]

[Do you not want to go on a date with Miyama-kun, Lilia-chan?]

[T-That’s not it! That isn’t the case! Rather, I’ve been wan... I-It’s nothing!]

I feel like the conversation is going in a weird direction, but a date with
Lilia-san would always be welcome. We hadn’t had a chance to go out alone
together since that time we went shopping for clothes for the Six Kings
Festival, so I think it would be nice to wander around the city.

[...If it’s okay with Lilia-san, why don’t we go shopping together tomorrow?]

[K-K-K-Kaito-san?! I-I-I-Is that a d-date?]

[Yes.]

[Auu... auuu...]

[Lilia-san? If it’s not convenient for you, we can do it another day, you know?]

[N-No! I-It’s awright!]

...She bit her tongue. She just strongly bit down her tongue. Each of her
reactions is just too cute. As I happily looked at Lilia-san, who accepted my
date invitation with a bright red face, Dr. Vier clapped her hands.

[Ahh, that’s right! I’ve got something good for you.]

[Something good?]

[Unnn. This was something given to me too... It’s a ticket for a play. Errr, it
should be here somewhere... Found it! Here you go.]

[Eh? Errr, can I really have it?]

[Of course. I’m really glad for the thought they had when they gave it to me,
but it isn’t really convenient for me to go there myself... I think it will
expire in about 10 days, so you should go check it out soon.]

[...Thank you.]

[You’re welcome... Well, I only have one ticket, so you’ll have to buy another
for the other person... I heard they’re playing something pretty popular.]

A play huh... I knew that there was such a thing in this world, but I have never
been to one, even in my world. Gratefully accepting Dr. Vier’s kindness, I
confirmed if Lilia-san would like to go there, to which she nodded her head
several times with a bright red face. Thereupon, Dr. Vier announced that she was
going back to her clinic. After thanking and apologizing to us once again, she
left. I also left the office after having a short discussion with Lilia-san
about our plans for tomorrow’s date.

---

After dinner and a bath, I went back to my room and was writing my diary,
thinking about the day, when Kuro appeared just as usual.

[Kaito-kun! I’m here\~\~]

[Welcome.]

[Hey, Kaito-kun. This might be sudden... but how about we go on a “date”?]

[Ehh? Date? Right now?]

Kuro appeared in my room, and with her usual bright smile, she told me something
out of the ordinary. It’s currently 9:00 pm... Early enough to go to bed, but
it’s late enough to wander around outside.

[Unnn... I’d like to go to a place with Kaito-kun. Is it no good?]

[Not really, it’s alright with me... Hold on, I’ll get my jacket.]

[Unnn!]

When I agreed to her date invitation, Kuro nodded with a sincerely happy smile
on her face.

Kuro’s Teleportation Magic brought me to the Hero’s Hill, the place where we
teleported earlier today. Standing in front of the huge stone monument that was
once said to be left behind by Neun-san, Kuro turned to me and spoke with a
gentle smile on her lips.

[Kaito-kun... Thank you so much.]

[Ahh... Well, I’m glad that Kuro and Dr. Vier was able to reconcile with each
other.]

I immediately understood that the words of gratitude she said to me were
referring to Dr. Vier’s matter.

[Unnn. If you hadn’t made your move, Kaito-kun... I don’t think Vier and I would
ever have a chance of reconciling... Perhaps, we’d never make up if you hadn’t
made your move.]

[...]

[I’m really glad... I could feel happiness from the bottom of my heart. As I
thought, Kaito-kun really is amazing. I’m so happy that I have met you and
became your lover... Once again, thank you.]

...How strange. Because of this matter, I’ve been through a lot and am extremely
tired. But seeing Kuro’s smile, I felt like all that tiredness I felt was worth
it. In the end, the reason why I moved around that much... I understood that
there was no difficult logic to it, for all I wanted was to see Kuro’s smile.
Kuro smiled like that for a few moments before she reached out a hand towards
the night sky.

[...Kuro?]

[Wait for a bit, okay?]

As she said this, powerful magic power that seemed to shake the air was released
from Kuro’s body.

[...Twilight of the Stars, Memory of the World, Afterglow of the Distant Day...
“Planet Memory”.]

[Eh? Wha?!]

As Kuro calmly spoke those words, in that moment, the scenery in my eyes
drastically changed. The night sky, which was supposed to be slightly cloudy,
suddenly turned into a starry sky... C-Could this be what Kuro was doing
earlier? She... changed the weather?

[...This is the “Starry Skies of a Thousand Years Ago”.]

[A-A thousand years ago?]

[Unnn. I’ll just slightly mess with the world for a little while.]

She’s just nonchalantly saying that, but that sounds like a really big deal...
In other words, what she’s saying is that she had rewound the time of the sky
back to a thousand years ago... In front of the astonished me, Kuro continues to
speak while staring at the huge stone monument.

[A thousand years ago, under this starry sky... I had presented Neun... No,
Hikari-chan with a choice.]

[A choice? To Neun-san?]

[Unnn. I had her pick a choice between “going back to her previous world” or
“staying in this world”.]

As I recall, Lilia-san told me that the stone monument and the Japanese katana
here have been endowed with a very powerful State Preservation Magic. And the
words she said just now... It’s just a guess, but I think it was Kuro who casted
that magic... However, why is she telling me this story after making the same
starry sky she had a thousand years ago? As soon as this question came into my
mind, Kuro looked away from the stone monument and gazed at me.

[...The truth is that if I had wanted to, I could have “sent Kaito-kun back to
your previous world” without having to wait a year.]

[...U-Unnn.]

That isn’t anything surprising. Kuro is Shiro-san... The Creator God’s
half-body, so her power is comparable to that of the almost omnipotent
Shiro-san. It wouldn’t be strange if they were able to send me back to my world.
However, the questions in my mind just increased... Why is she talking about
this now?

[...Kaito-kun. I told you that I wouldn’t ask you about this until after the
Festival of Heroes, didn’t I? I said I would respect your choice...]

[U-Unnn.]

[...However, can I be... a little selfish?]

[Ehh?]

I haven’t told Kuro what I’m going to do after the Festival of Heroes ends. No,
I tried to tell her. But Kuro didn’t want to hear it, saying that I could tell
her about it after the festival was over. It doesn’t matter what choice I make.
After she told me that she would respect my choice... This topic was never
brought up again.

Thereupon, moving her small feet to move closer to me and hugging me with her
small body, Kuro spoke.

[...Kaito-kun. Please don’t go back to your previous world... From now and
forever... I want to stay in this world that I love, together with my beloved
Kaito-kun. That’s why, in this world... I want you to stay by my side.]

[...Kuro.]

She’s a kind girl. She doesn’t want to make me feel like she’s narrowing down my
options, so I didn’t dare mention my choice until now. But now, Kuro has made it
clear to me that she doesn’t want me to go back to my world... To be honest, I
couldn’t help but feel happy. Gently hugging Kuro’s body back, I spoke as gently
as I could to reassure her.

[...Kuro, I’ve actually made a request to Shiro-san.]

[...You did?]

[Unnn... I asked her to allow me one chance to “say goodbye” to the people who
took care of me in my world.]

The request I made to Shiro-san... It was a request to let me say goodbye to my
uncle and aunt who had taken care of me, whether it’s by letter or through other
means. In response, Shiro-san agreed to let me “return to my original world for
some time, before returning back to this world”... Well, that’s apparently
something she would grant if I pass some kind of final ordeal...

[K-Kaito-kun... Does that mean...]

[Unnn. I’m not going anywhere... I’m also going to live in this world...
standing beside Kuro.]

[Kaito-kun...]

[Kuro... Errr, ummm... “I love you”.]

[Kaito-kun?!]

I was feeling embarrassed, but I somehow managed to express my feelings... To
which, Kuro hugged me tightly.

[I love you too! Kaito-kun, I love you... I’m happy, I’m so happy.]

[Ahahaha... It somehow feels embarrassing though.]

Kuro tightly clings to my body... Not wanting to let her loving warmth escape, I
tightened my embrace. Still hugging my body, Kuro looks up and smiles, looking
really happy from the bottom of her heart.

[...Hey, Kaito-kun.]

[Unnn?]

[...I want to kiss.]

[Unnn, me too...]

Under the light of the stars, shining upon our bodies, Kuro’s face and mine came
close together... until the distance between us finally becomes zero.

Under the star-filled sky, just as Neun-san had done in this place in the past,
I told Kuro my choice. It’s not that I don’t have any regrets in my previous
world. However, I’ve already made up my mind. Even after the Festival of Heroes
ends—I’m going to live in this world.
