---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 1: Betting on Each Other's Thoughts

I walked away from the street where the church was located, not knowing what to
expect. I can’t stop thinking about the exchange I had with Neun-san earlier.

...Perhaps, I was naive in my outlook.

I thought that if I could successfully persuade Dr. Vier to see Kuro... that
would solve the problem. However, that would certainly hurt Dr. Vier a lot.
There’s a possibility that she will fall into an even deeper suffering that she
is now. I want to solve this matter as amicably as possible. However, Neun-san
blocked my path. If I tried to contact Dr. Vier, it would be inevitable that I
would clash with Dr. Vier... and there’s no way that this can be solved
peacefully. No, if it’s just confronting her... I could have stood against
Neun-san’s request, and told her that I wouldn’t compromise for the sake of Kuro
and Dr. Vier. However, if I’m asked if I’m prepared to force my way through
Neun-san, who was bowing her head, looking as if she is about to cry and begging
me not to get involved in this matter, I’d obviously be at a loss for words.
Though I say that I was doing this for Kuro and Dr. Vier, it wasn’t as if any of
them asked me to do anything. Rather, they both seemed to have concluded that
“they can’t meet each other now”. I feel like if I keep on persisting like this,
all I’m trying to do is just stir up the pot.

No, that’s... probably just an excuse. I’m probably just scared. I think I’ve
gotten along with Neun-san so far. I consider her a friend, and I think she also
considers me as one. In the end, I may have just been afraid of going into
conflict with Neun-san... with my friend.

[Yes! Here’s your “Hyperspice Cookies”, Thank you for your patronage\~\~]

[Hmm.]

As I was trudging along with my head down, I heard such a voice and reflexively
looked up.

Thereupon, I made eye contact with someone I recognized... and the other
person’s face twisted in utter displeasure. She’s my acquaintance, and yet,
she’s reacting to my presence so harshly... She’s definitely the God of
Disasters that I knew from my previous visit to the Hydra Kingdom... It was
Shea-san.

[...Shea-san.]

[Tsk.]

She just relentlessly clicked her tongue in front of me. Shea-san then glared at
me and with an irritated tone, she spoke.

[...What’s with that hopeless look on your face? It’s irritating to look at. If
you have a reason for that, say it... It will probably be just something stupid,
but I’ll listen.]

[...]

Her voice sounds like it was filled with anger but... arehh? The words she just
said, couldn’t it be interpreted as her asking me “You don’t look so good, is
something the matter? You can consult me about it, you know?”, or something like
that? H-Her kindness is still as incomprehensible as usual...

[E-Errr... Well then, would it be alright to consult you about something?]

[Tsk.]

[...Eh? Ah, no, I didn’t mean to impose on you...]

[What are you saying, just get your ass moving. There’s a bench in the plaza
over there. I don’t have much time. Make it quick.]

U-Unnn. Even though she speaks all sorts of complaints, it seems like she would
still listen to me. Shea-san brought me to a bench in a nearby plaza, and I sat
down side by side with her. And then, we started talking about the situation. I
wasn’t sure how much Shea-san knew, so I started off by telling her something
about “a doctor named Dr. Vier” to make it sound ambiguous. Thereupon, she
replied “Ahh, you’re talking about the former Demon Lord huh.”, so I assumed
that Shea-san knew what was going on and decided to tell her everything.

I told Shea-san about Dr. Vier, Kuro, Neun-san... and about how I don’t know
what to do. After I finished telling her everything... Shea-san looked extremely
bored.

[...Are you an idiot? The First Hero is an extremely large idiot already, but
you’re even worse than her.]

[Ugghhh... N-No, it’s not that I was thinking of stupid things...]

[That’s not it. What I’m saying is that what kind of hubris are you saying now?
Even though you’re just a mere human.]

[Wha?!]

Shea-san’s cold eyes glares at me and gives me a stern warning.

[You’re the one who thinks of saving this person... Did you think you’re someone
who could save everyone? Don’t be conceited. You’re just a small being. You
can’t do a damn thing on your own.]

[...But that’s... I’m also trying to...]

[If you think you know what you’re doing, then why are you here “all alone”?]

[Eh?]

[...You’re someone small. However, you have the power to change the very
foundation of this world if you want to. Then, why don’t you use that power?]

[...T-That is...]

In other words, what Shea-san is trying to say is that why am I not using the
power of the Six Kings or the Supreme Gods that I’m close to... Why am I not
asking for help from people around me...

To be honest, for this matter... The Six Kings are all concerned parties, they
are Dr. Vier’s family... That’s why I don’t want them to get involved in this. I
wonder why? Ahh, that’s right... I knew that no matter what I did, I would end
up hurting Dr. Vier, and I didn’t need Neun-san to tell me that, because I
already understand it myself. As I was thinking about this, my collar was
suddenly grabbed and Shea-san glared at me.

[...Don’t act spoiled. You’ve been an outsider from the start, and on top of
that, this issue intruded on is quite sensitive... There’s no such thing as an
amicable solution for this.]

[ ?! ]

[Then, what should you do? What, do you want to stay all neat and tidy, and
solve everything peacefully? Stop being a hypocrite! Or perhaps, even if you’re
smeared in mud... Will you bare your own fangs just to persist like that? Go
think for yourself!]

[...Shea-san.]

[Are you a pure and peaceful saint? Or perhaps, a selfish, unsightly beast?]

Saying that, Shea-san removes her hand from my collars and stands up from the
bench. As I blankly gazed at the scene... Strangely enough, I felt like the
fuzziness in my mind cleared up. But immediately after that, some words suddenly
popped within my mind.

———In the future of a battle where the winner had become justice and the loser
had become evil, who is it that hates the concept of “loser is evil” the most?

Those were words which I do not know who I heard it from... However, such words
had vividly popped within my mind.

———Was it the loser themself? Or perhaps, was it the people who were close to
the loser? Or perhaps... Was it the “winner” who “they had fought against” and
understands the feelings of the loser more than anyone else?

Ah, that’s right. That was indeed the case... I wonder what is it that I’m
looking at? There was someone to whom I should have turned my eyes to, “someone
who was about to start crying even now”...

It is as Shea-san said... I’ve been an outsider right from the start, and all of
this started because of my own selfishness... I want Kuro and Dr. Vier to make
up, because I don’t want to see Kuro looking sad. This situation is just because
of my selfish desire. That being the case, I finally have a clear idea of what I
should be doing... and what I want to do.

[...We’ve talked long enough. The rest is your business.]

[Shea-san!]

[Unnn? Is there anything more?]

Shea-san was about to leave, but I loudly called out to her. When she turned
around, I immediately stood up and bowed my head.

[Thank you very much!]

[...Fumu, that should mean that you’ve made up your mind huh?]

[...Yes. It seems like I’m a selfish, unsightly beast. I want to reunite Dr.
Vier and Kuro... No, even if by force, I’ll make them reunite. I want to save
“the three of them”!]

[Hohh... The three of them huh, I see, interesting. In that case, will you ask
the help of the Six Kings?]

[...No, I decided right from the start that I won’t be borrowing the power of
the Six Kings. As for the Supreme Gods, I don’t know to what extent they are
related to Dr. Vier, so I won’t ask for their help.]

[That’s, well, quite selfish of you... Then, how are you going to break through
the First Hero? Whatever your intentions may be, if you wish to push through
with your selfishness, you’re going to have to fight.]

Her tone sounds like she was testing me, but I could feel gentleness within
those words. It’s as if she already knows what I’m about to say...

[I can’t get past Neun-san and go to Dr. Vier all by myself... That’s why, I’m
begging you! Please lend me your strength!]

I looked up once and then bowed deeply once again, telling Shea-san that I
needed her help. I’ve just heard that Shea-san has no direct connection with Dr.
Vier and she only knows things about her, so she fits right exactly as someone I
can rely on. When Shea-san heard my request, she was silent for a while...
Before she spoke, sounding somewhat happy.

[...Hmph, you’ve become better than you were just a few while ago.]

[...Then...]

When I heard Shea-san’s voice, I looked up. She had a slight smile on her lips
as she held out her hand towards me.

[Alright, “Kaito”. I am a benevolent Goddess... If you bow to me, asking me to
lend you my power, I will respond to your wish!]

And so, calling me by my name for the first time, she agreed to help me.

After Shea-san promised to help me, she quickly turned around.

[...Let’s hurry up. We probably only have a limited amount of time left.]

[Eh? W-What do you mean?]

[...You are taking the words of the First Hero at face value too much. Have you
wondered why did the First Hero interfere at this time... And even if she were
to stop you, I doubt she would stay at that place all night and day just to stop
you, right? Then, what do you think is her real purpose?]

[...To buy time?]

Following after her as she quickly walked, I asked in return.

[It’s just a guess but... I think the Demon Lord would disappear from this
city.]

[...I see.]

[The reason she didn’t disappear right away was most probably because she’s
finding people to take over looking after her patients... Anyway, it’s a race
against time. If she disappears, you wouldn’t have any choice but to rely on the
Phantasmal King... Relying on the Six Kings would be some kind of defeat for
you, right?]

[Yes.]

[...Well, don’t get that worked up. At least, now that we know that First Hero
is there guarding the front, the Demon Lord is definitely still over there.]

Slipping through the back streets where there was no pedestrian traffic at all,
Shea-san continued speaking.

[Before we go any further, let me just say that the question I asked you earlier
to test you... the God Realm and Gods wouldn’t get involved in this matter in
the first place. That’s why, don’t expect any help from the Supreme Gods.]

[Eh? I-Is that so?]

[...It’s kind of an unspoken agreement. This issue you’re about to get involved
with is kind of a taboo in this world... Well, not many people know about it in
the first place, but both the Supreme Gods and the Six Kings have maintained
their non-interference in this matter.]

[...E-Errr... but, ummm, I asked Shea-san to help me in this matter... Would it
be alright?]

It seems that the Demon Lord, Dr. Vier’s situation is really a delicate matter.
When I asked Shea-san if it was okay for her to lend me a hand since she’s a
God, she looked at me and smiled.

[I told you, didn’t I? It was just an “unspoken agreement”... It isn’t like
Shallow Vernal ordered me to keep my hand off this matter. Besides, I’m
considered an “oddball” in the God Realm right from the start, so it doesn’t
really matter if I add another problem to my plate now.]

[...Shea-san.]

[Now then, let’s end that useless talk... Let’s go.]

With words telling me to brace myself, I walked out onto the wide road...
opposite the church/clinic. As expected, there were no people in sight other
than Neun-san who stood in front of the clinic. When Neun-san saw us, she
immediately stood up with the Japanese katana in hand, and spoke to us.

[...Why have you come back?]

[I’m sorry, Neun-san... As I thought, I just can’t give up on this.]

[Kuhhh... Why don’t you understand?! Please don’t make Vier suffer any more than
this!]

[However...]

[I’m not saying that what you’re doing is wrong in any way! It’s not that I
don’t see the possibility either... No, I’m even thinking that if it’s you, it
might be possible... However, the possibility of such a thing happening is
unlikely... If you fail, Vier will be even more than she already is...]

[...Neun-san.]

It’s true that there is no 100% certainty that what I’m trying to do will
succeed. There is no such thing as absolute certainty in this world, but
Neun-san says that she can’t accept such a risk. But even if that’s so, that
doesn’t mean I’m going to back down now either. I was about to refute Neun-san,
but just at that moment, I heard an amused laugh.

[F-Fufufu... Hahahaha!]

[...Shea-san?]

[...Who are you?]

Unnn? Neun-san doesn’t know who Shea-san is? Come to think of it, she said she
rarely appears in public, so there’s a possibility that she knows that the God
of Disasters exists, but she has never met her in person. As I was thinking
about this, Shea-san laughed for a moment before turning towards me with a
smile.

[...Rejoice, Kaito. I’ll retract my previous statement... You might be an idiot,
but that woman over there is an irredeemable idiot.]

[What... are you suddenly saying...]

[I was wondering what kind of mindset you have for standing guard over there...
but if you want to play house, do it somewhere else.]

[...What do you mean?]

Hearing Shea-san’s provoking words, Neun-san asked back, her anger visibly
growing larger. However, Shea-san didn’t seem to mind at all, and continued to
speak with a smile on her face.

[It’s as simple as that. I thought you were just an idiot who didn’t realize
that you were being an idiot... but in fact, you were just an idiot who realized
that you’re being idiot and was drunk on the sweetness of friendship.]

[...What in the world do you...]

[“What in the world do I even know” huh? It’s a common phrase for you idiots who
stopped thinking for themselves... Good grief... Stop all these useless
chirping, little girl.]

Shea-san, whose smile has disappeared, coldly told Neun-san, who is trembling in
anger upon hearing her words.

[Yeah, that’s right. In this situation, me and this guy here are both
outsiders... However, you and all the other people related to this matter, what
have you been doing about it? In this millenium, how long have you known your
mistakes? Did you ever try to correct it? Have you even tried confronting it? If
you didn’t do anything... You should understand that what you did is the same as
running away.]

[Guhhh...]

[If you think that friendship is where you should go together with your friend
when they’re being led astray... Then you should quit such a spoiled
relationship right now!]

[ ?! ]

[Compared to you, who dare not face your friend’s mistakes and denies its
existence, this guy who tries to stir things up is many times better.]

[...]

Neun-san was speechless at the words Shea-san vigorously said, but her vigilance
had not disappeared, and the entire space seemed to have become tense. It looked
like a fight was about to begin... but a little while later, something unusual
happened. No, it seemed that the landscape around us had changed. I’m pretty
sure I’m standing in the same place I had just been, but the road in front of
the church had become as wide as a huge field, so wide that my eyesight could no
longer see Dr. Vier’s clinic.

[...A Large-Scale Spatial Barrier huh.]

[Shea-san?]

[Kaito, this is the main reason why this matter is taboo worldwide. When you get
involved in this matter, they would start popping out. These people who call
each other family...]

As if in response to Shea-san’s words, a huge armor over 20 meters tall...
Funf-san appeared behind Neun-san, and in front of her, a floating lich clad in
luxurious clothes... Sechs-san appeared. It’s not just them who appeared, as
people who seemed to be Kuro’s family members appeared in this place one after
another, including those who I’m familiar with, such as Raaz-san, Acht and Eva.

[Being involved in this matter means to be the enemy of the Underworld King’s
camp. Isn’t that right, Great Sage of the Dead?]

[Good gracious, we certainly didn’t expect that the God of Disasters-sama would
come out, this is quite the miscalculation.]

[Sechs-san...]

[Sechs-sama?! W-Why are you...]

Unnn? It’s not just me who is surprised, but Neun-san too? In that case,
Neun-san didn’t know that Sechs-san and the others would be here huh?

[You don’t have to be stand-offish, Neun-dono... You could have told us
something... Well, if it was just Miyama-dono, I wouldn’t have shown myself, but
if it was the God of Disasters... You would be slightly overwhelmed the way you
are now.]

[You lot have the same way of thinking as that idiotic Hero over there huh?]

[I guess it just depends on which view is more important... When I weigh the
risks and the rewards, I guess it depends on which one you value more... As we
get older, we become more conversative, and unfortunately, we tend to take risks
more seriously. Thus, we side with Neun-dono.]

In this skin-pricking atmosphere, Shea-san and Sechs-san exchanged words.

In the midst of their conversation, Sechs-san said that “they” were on
Neun-san’s side... Could it be that he isn’t alone?

As if to affirm my thoughts, Demons began to appear around Sechs-san one after
another. Shortly thereafter, the huge armor had been released and Funf-san
appeared. Her hair was currently pink-colored, indicating that she was ready for
battle.

[...I’m sorry, Kaito. I’m grateful to you who saved Kuromu-sama, and I
personally like you. However, getting involved in this matter... makes you my
enemy. I will not let anyone get on Vier’s way.]

Funf-san declared, her words filled with a strong resolve... Speaking of which,
Funf-san had mentioned how she had someone in her family she’s as close as real
sisters but was now away from them. Perhaps, she had been talking about Dr.
Vier.

[This barrier is a bit special. It’s a kind of Spatial Isolation Barrier, where
it’s difficult to get out from inside, but easy to get in from the outside...
Well, you still have to have a minimum level of ability to get in, so the public
won’t be involved.]

[...]

[Ahh, don’t worry. This ward replicates and isolates space, so destroying the
buildings here won’t have any real impact on the outside world.]

[...Portcullis’ Giant Soldier and Great Sage of the Dead, and 10 more
Count-ranks other than them... Viscount-ranks, Baron-ranks... If you include the
high-ranking Demons who aren’t Peerage holders, you’ve brought quite the absurd
amount of allies.]

It is as Shea-san said, just from looking at it, he brought quite an amount of
reinforcements... And just the High-ranking Demons seem to exceed a hundred.
After the surprised me moved my gaze around, Sechs-san indifferently spoke.

[We have always regretted it... A thousand years ago, I made Vier-dono worry
about this alone... Thus, this time, as her family, I will support Vier-dono.]

[I see... Fufufu, hahaha.]

After hearing Sechs-san’s words, Shea-san burst out laughing for some reason,
then turning to Sechs-san, she spoke.

[...But for the Underworld King’s camp who got quite the bond with each other,
isn’t this unusually “few”? Seems like you’re facing quite a very troublesome
opponent.]

[...Eh?]

[The world’s sole Duke-rank isn’t here, Underworld King camp’s Number 2, that
magic pupper isn’t here either. Considering the total number of people in
Underworld King’s camp, the Peerage holders standing on your side are quite
few.]

After Shea-san said this, Sechs-san let out a sigh and spoke.

[...Yes, it was indeed as you said. Good grief, Miyama-dono truly is a
terrifying person.]

[Eh? E-Errr...]

[I knew you would make a move in this matter. That’s why I even asked for
Ein-dono’s help. If she had come, everything would have been easily taken care
of but...]

Listening to Sechs-san’s words, I looked at the horde of Demons around us... and
certainly didn’t find Ein-san anywhere.

[Ein-dono told me this: “If a fight were to occur, I would side with Kaito-sama
without hesitation. The biggest concession I can make as your family... is to
pretend that I didn’t hear what you just said, but there won’t be a second
time.”... There are also others who support you just like Ein-san, others who
are reserved from giving an immediate response, and others who won’t take sides
and are just waiting to see what will happen... Everyone’s opinions have been
completely divided.]

[...]

[If you weren’t our opponent, this wouldn’t have happened. That’s how big of a
being you who had saved Kuromu-sama have become. Even I, who am actually
confronting you like this, can’t say it’s impossible for you to accomplish
this... but even if that’s so, I can’t let you through.]

Sechs-san thought that there was a possibility that what I wanted to do might
work, but he still stood against me, as he couldn’t ignore the possibility of
failure. I could feel the same firm determination I felt from Funf-san, and even
though it was just my hunch, I understood that it would be impossible to
persuade her.

[And so, you’ve brought these numbers huh... It seems like you’re making light
of me. Did you really think that you can beat me with just this much?]

[No, “I don’t think so though”?]

[...What?]

In response to Shea-san’s provocative words, Sechs-san admitted that they
couldn’t win against her. Even Shea-san turned puzzled when she heard her
response, but Sechs-san didn’t seem to mind as he continued speaking.

[You may not be widely known, but I heard that your abilities are comparable to
the Six Kings. It stands to reason that no matter how many of us we gather, we
wouldn’t be able to win... But even the powerful you have a “weakness”. And for
that reason, we’re making use of quantity.]

[...Tsk.]

After saying that Shea-san’s ability is at the level of the Six Kings, Sechs-san
told her that she has a weakness. I could understand from Shea-san’s annoyed
clicking of tongue that what he said wasn’t mistaken.

[...You are the kindest and most compassionate of all the Gods I know. You hold
out your hand to those who seek help, and gives advice to those who are
troubled... And above all, you pride yourself on your ability to neutralize
opponents without killing or seriously injuring them.]

[...]

[It’s difficult for us to beat you with force. However, even your strength would
be dispersed with this amount... Even with your strength, it will take you a
while to incapacitate them without killing them, right?]

[Kuhh... Quite the detestable personality you have there.]

[The plan is to make use of your kindness... I will accept all insults you say.
I know that I’m powerless, so I won’t care about appearances and make use of
anything to stop you.]

Even if Shea-san is strong, because she’s a kind person... It would be difficult
for her to neutralize this number while making sure that she holds back. In the
first place, Sechs-san’s goal isn’t to beat Shea-san, but to buy time... The
longer the battle goes on, the worse it will be for us.

[Now, what will you do? Miyama-dono... Will you still fight even though there’s
only the two of you?]

[...]

What should I do? Should I use my “trump card”? No, if I use it here, it will be
difficult for me to talk to Dr. Vier. The situation was bad, and I was
desperately thinking of a way out of this deadlock... That’s when a quiet, yet
powerful voice rang out.

[...It doesn’t seem like they’re the only two here though?]

[Nhnn...]

[No, I just happened to be on an errand to the royal palace... but I just
happened to see Kaito-san on the way back. He looked so serious, so I followed
him... Well, this is quite an amazing situation he’s in.]

As a large sword disproportionate to her slender body appeared from the magic
box in her palm, a very reliable person appeared.

[...To be honest, I don’t know the situation at all. But I don’t need to think
about whose side I will take here.]

[L-Lilia-san?!]

[...I’ll lend you a hand, Kaito-san. After all... I am your lover.]

Lilia-san, who came running to my side, stood diagonally in front of me and held
up her large sword with a smile.

[Hmmm. If I knew this was going to happen, I should have brought Luna or Sieg
with me.]

[...My, oh my, I didn’t expect that “White Rose Valkyrie”-dono, the one
apparently known as the strongest human to appear here... Good gracious, things
are getting more troublesome.]

[I-If it’s possible, could you not call me by that embarrassing nickname...]

Sechs-san claps in admiration at Lilia-san’s appearance, but he still looked
pretty composed... No, well, I can’t really see his expression because he’s a
skeleton, but he seems to be somewhat relaxed.

[...Someone useful has arrived huh. It’s great that you’re here... White Rose
Valkyrie.]

[...E-Errr, could I call you... God of Disasters, right?]

[Yeah.]

[It’s nice to meet you. I might turn out to be a hindrance, but I’m here to
help.]

[If it’s just any random mob, they might turn out to be a hindrance, but if it’s
you assisting me, then that’s a different story... Can you hold down the First
Hero?]

It seems like Lilia-san is more famous than I realized, as even Shea-san seems
to think highly of her as well. Then, Shea-san lined up next to Lilia-san... and
asked if she could fight Neun-san.

[I’ll try as much as I can... I never expected that I would be fighting the
legendary Hero though...]

[Don’t let your guard down... She may be a gutless creature, but she’s still a
monster who once defeated a Count-rank with a human body.]

[Yes, unfortunately... It seems like I won’t have the composure to hold back
here. It’s been a really long time... since I had a serious fight!]

At that moment, a flash of lightning gushed from Lilia-san’s body. It’s hard to
believe, but she was clad in magic power... not any form of attack magic, but
pure magic power. Seeing Lilia-san’s state, Neun-san held up her Japanese katana
without any negligence and spoke.

[...I’ve heard rumors about such an ability, but this is the first time I’ve
seen it with my own eyes. So this is... “High-Density Magic Constitution” huh.]

[A peculiar constitution with a magical power density tens of times greater than
that of normal people, which makes it visible even without the use of magic...
Neun-dono, you shouldn’t underestimate her even though she’s a human. She’s
already... something like a “Special Individual Human”.]

Seeing Lilia-san clad in magic power chirping like thunderbolts, Sechs-san and
the others are clearly on high alert.

[...Now then, I suppose this means I will handle all the others huh... What’s
troublesome is Portcullis’ Giant Soldier. Putting aside the random riffraff,
fighting 10 Count-ranks, along with Great Sage of the Dead and Portcullis’ Giant
Soldier, two Peak Count-ranks is quite difficult.]

[I’m sorry. As expected, if I were to fight them, I won’t even be able to make a
dent against them.]

[Good grief, no matter where it is, I’d always be faced with a labor
shortage...]

[Well theeeeen, how about I take on one of theeeeem?]

[ [ ?! ] ]

Hearing the voice that suddenly rang out, I was surprised. Especially me and
Lilia-san, who was familiar with that voice. Then, when we turned around, we saw
Illness-san walking towards us.

[Illness-san?!]

[Illness? W-Why are you here...]

[I’m on my way to go shoppiiiiiing, when I happened to see Kaito-samaaaaa.]

With a gentle smile on her lips, Illness-san gave us a light bow, but Lilia-san
and I couldn’t help but feel a bit puzzled. To be honest, I can’t imagine
Illness-san being able to fight at all. Seeing Illness-san’s sudden appearance,
Shea-san also dubiously looked at her.

[...I take it you’re reinforcement? You do know who we’re facing against,
right?]

[Yeeeees. I’m alsoooooo a Count-rank Demoooooon, so I don’t think I will hold
you baaaaaack.]

[ [ C-Count-rank Demon?! ] ]

Illness-san is a Count-rank Demon?! That’s the first time I’ve heard of this...
No, I’ve always thought she was an amazing person... I mean, Lilia-san also
looked quite surprised, so I guess she also didn’t know about this huh.

[I-Illness being a Count-rank Demon, this is the first time I’ve heard of this!]

[You didn’t ask after aaaaaaall.]

Hearing the surprised Lilia-san’s words, Illness-san responded to her with her
usual tone.

[N-No, I certainly haven’t asked you if you’re a Peerage holder or not but...]

Shea-san still looked at Illness-san a little dubiously... but upon her
presence, the atmosphere of a certain person changed.

[...Sechs, I’ll deal with her.]

[Funf-dono? You know her?]

[She’s just someone I happened to pass by... but she’s probably a melee fighter
with very strong physical capabilities.]

[I see, she would certainly be someone I’d be bad against huh... However, I
wonder why? I feel like I’ve heard of her name before...]

It seems like Funf-san would be the one facing against Illness-san, as she
turned her sharp gaze at her.

[Are you going to be alright? Even though both of you are Count-ranks, you’ll be
fighting against a Peak... Someone on the level of Six Kings’ Executives, you
know? From what I see, you look like you’re a mid Count-rank...]

[Yeeees. She would be a tough opponeeeeent, but I think my prospects of victory
are high enouuuuuuugh.]

[Well, if that’s what you say, that’s enough. In that case, I’ll deal with
everyone else remaining here.]

Shea-san readied her scythe, and Lilia-san readied her greatsword. In response
to this, Neun-san slightly unsheathed her Japanese katana with her thumb, while
Funf-san clenched her fist. Sechs-san and Illness-san just stood with a natural
posture, while the other Demons each held their weapon in their hands. In the
midst of this tense atmosphere that seemed to be on the verge of breaking out
into an explosive fight... a familiar voice suddenly rang out.

[Please waiiittt!!!]

[...Eh?]

[...Raz-dono?]

The one who jumped out into that tense atmosphere was Raz-san, exerting her
small body to shout as loud as possible. Raz-san moved to the center of the
place, in the middle of our group and Neun-san, and moved her gaze towards me.

[...Kaitokun-san.]

[Raz-san?]

[...Big Sister Vier is in a lot of pain. She’s crying.]

As if she was appealing for something, Raz-san stared into my eyes as she spoke.

[Raz is not very smart. However, I know that Big Sister Vier did something bad a
long time ago, and she’s been crying about it for a long time... That’s why,
that’s why...]

[...]

...Is she trying to persuade me? No matter what she said now though, I’m not
going to back down. It’s not only disrespectful to Shea-san, Lilia-san and
Illness-san who are willing to help me for this, as most of all, I can’t just
accept it. However, it’s really difficult for me to harshly refute the pure and
straightforward Raz-san...

As I waited for Raz-san’s next words, she looked down once... before her eyes
filled with strong determination turned towards me and she spoke.

[...Are you trying to save Big Sister Vier, Kaitokun-san?]

[...Eh?]

[Just like how you saved Kuromu-sama... Big Sister Vier too... Are you going to
give her back her smile?]

[...]

It wasn’t a persuasion, but a sincere question. Asking me if I’m going to save
her precious family, even without using lots of words... I can understand enough
the weight of her question.

[...I can’t say that I can definitely save her. That’s something clear to me as
an outsider for this matter. However, I know that no matter how long this
situation persists, nothing will change.]

[...Kaitokun-san.]

[I won’t say something as conceited as saving her... But I want to see her smile
and laugh from the bottom of her heart... For Dr. Vier’s sake, and for “her”
sake...]

[...]

[So, I can’t promise anything. However... I’m going to do my best to achieve
that.]

I returned my heartfelt thoughts to Raz-san... I want “all three of them” to
smile... When Raz-san heard my words, she closed her eyes and thought about
something... before a big smile appeared on her lips.

[...Alright. Then, Raz will support Kaitokun-san!]

[Eh? R-Raz-san?]

Support me... Telling me such a thing, Raz-san moves over to me, holding a small
bow in hand, and floats forward to protect me. Just as I realized that this
means that she’s on my side, two more people moved towards us.

[Well, that’s what happened. We’re sorry, Lord Sechs.]

[I’m sorry, Sister Funf, that’s what my partner says... Sis Raz, we’ll follow
you.]

[Acht-kun! Eva-san!]

The blue-horned Ogre... Acht. The silver-furred Black Wolf... Eva. Two of my
acquaintances... No, friends also told me that they would help us and stood side
by side with Raz-san.

[Acht... Eva...]

[Oi, oi, what’s with that face, Kaito? It’s not like it’s anything strange... I
can’t choose between my friends and family. So, I’m going with you, because you
can hopefully make both sides smile.]

[Well, we weren’t that well-learned, so we try not to think too much about
complicated stuff like risks. I will just take the side that I want to take.
Sorry, Lord Sechs.]

[No, no, it’s not like I didn’t expect that this would happen... Hohoho,
Miyama-dono really is quite frightening.]

[Indeed. However, I can’t force everyone’s decisions. However, if we have to
fight, know that I will not go easy on you, so be prepared.]

Neither Sechs-san nor Funf-san complained about Raz-san, Acht and Eva joining
us, and they respected their wishes. However, I wonder why? It might just be my
imagination... but Sechs-san somehow looked happy.

---

There wasn’t really any signal that started the battle, and it was Lilia and
Neun who made the first move. High-Density Magic Power Constitution... Lilia’s
magic power, which is tens of times denser than that of a normal person, allows
her to make use of far more powerful magic than normal, even with the same
amount of magic power. With a physical strength that transcends human knowledge
due to her all-out Body Strengthening Magic, Lilia approaches Neun at top speed
right from her first step. As her magic power gushes out like lightning bolts,
she swings down her great sword from above, fully making use of her momentum.
Neun quickly reacts and evades it though. When the great that cut through the
air hit the ground, a roaring sound as loud as if an artillery shell struck the
ground, even making the ground crack.

However, Neun is still a warrior with lots of combat experience. Not only did
she evade, but she instantly created multiple swords and spears around Lilia
with her magic power and sent them all towards her at once.

[...]

However, they were repelled by a swing of Lilia’s greatsword, and some of the
swords were broken to pieces before her power. Lilia is undeniably a genius...
And it isn’t just because of her unique constitution called High-Density Magic
Power Constitution. Her High-Density Magic Power Constitution is just one part
of Lilia’s strength... As Lilia is born with all kinds of talents regarding
combat. The amount of magic power that far surpasses that of ordinary people,
dynamic eyesight that can see through a rain of 28 swords, reflexes that have
almost no time lag between her eye-body coordination, and the ability to
instantly make a decision depending on the situation... Her talents are
unfathomable. The current King Hydra, Laguna, who is called the strongest in the
Human Realm, had described Lilia back when she was a teenager:

“If she had lived in a different era, she might have been the one who ruled the
Human Realm”...

Just as Sechs told Neun, it would be foolish to think of Lilia as a mere human.
She’s a perfect mutation born from the human race... the species inferior to the
Demons and Gods, the species that was supposedly weaker than the elves and
mermaids. That was what the monster named Lilia Albert is. In spite of her great
strength, she grew up with a gentle and kind heart, thanks to the generous love
of her family and supportive friends. And now, the genius that could have ruled
the Human Realm with her sword is attacking Neun without mercy.

Keeping her momentum as she shot down the swords and spears, Lilia rapidly
approached Neun and swung her greatsword. Lilia’s strength is really quite
simple if you put it into words... Yes, her movements are fast and her strikes
are heavy.

[Guuhhh, uuuuuu...]

Neun caught the blow with her katana, but the weight of Lilia’s sword pushed
back her katana, so she decided that she couldn’t receive it and immediately
parried Lilia’s strike to the side. Lilia’s weapon was a greatsword, while she
wields a katana, so Neun can handle tight turns better than Lilia can. After she
judged that that was the case, Neun took advantage of the movement of her
opponent’s greatsword and slid her katana to strike towards Lilia. However...

[Gaahhh?! Aaahhhh!]

The armor near her chest area is shattered and Neun is blown away. Yes, Lilia’s
reflexes are also abnormal. The moment Neun started her counterattack, Lilia had
already taken one hand off her greatsword and struck Neun with her fist. After
being struck by her overwhelming power, Neun bounced off the ground twice before
regaining her stance and landing on the ground, standing on her two feet. Her
shattered armor was immediately repaired by magic, and if one were just to
glance at her, she looked relatively unharmed as she prepared her sword again.

[...You’re far stronger than I imagined.]

[...]

Lilia isn’t a knight. No, due to her experience as a member of the Knight Order,
she did have that so-called spirit of chivalry. However, she herself said that
“she’s stronger if she cast it aside”... She isn’t a knight, but a warrior, and
if necessary, she will cast aside her sword and swing her fist to her opponent.
It is in this way of fighting that her talent is fully demonstrated. This time,
her opponent wasn’t someone to be trifled with. Lilia was aware of this, and
from the beginning, she attacked Neun with all the strength she had. She
wouldn’t even allow Neun the time to catch her breath as she immediately tried
approaching. However, Neun was also well aware of Lilia’s strength from her
previous attack, and wasn’t about to let Lilia get close. As Lilia’s speed was
slowed down by the appearance of numerous swords and spears in the air, Neun
sheathed her sword once, lowered her waist, and took an iai stance.

A godspeed slash, instantly slicing through the air once she paused for a
moment... One would normally hesitate to step into her deadly range, but Lilia
stepped over and tried to approach Neun without any hesitation. Of course, there
was no way Neun was going to let that go... With refined movements, she
unleashed her iai... but her eyes widened in astonishment.

[Wha?!]

Lilia blocked the incoming katana horizontal strike by hitting the blade with
the “tip of her greatsword’s hilt”, and without slowing down, Lilia came closer
to her. You could say that what she did is something that’s definitely godlike,
but you could also say that it was a risky move... but such risks don’t apply to
Lilia. Although there are differences within each person, this was originally
supposed to be a technique that is acquired through the process of repeated
practice and making her body memorize such movements... Something where you do
by skipping the process of thinking how to do it and just have your body move
exactly as you had envisioned it...

For this bundle of talent, making her called a genius... This is something that
Lilia Albert can do. Even if the movement she needed to do is as precise as
passing through the hole of a needle, Lilia’s body doesn’t deviate even a little
bit from how she envisioned it .

Yes, Lilia Albert is... undoubtedly a genius loved by talent itself.

[Haaaahhhh!]

[Nh...]

Neun defended Lilia’s strike again, but was knocked back by the force of her
blow before she regained her stance. Not allowing her to escape, Lilia
approached Neun and swung her greatsword again. After they exchanged about 10
bouts... Lilia noticed something strange. Lilia has more physical strength than
her opponent. She has been overwhelming her and was able to hit her a few times
so far. It should be safe to say that the flow of battle is blowing towards
Lilia’s side but... Neun hasn’t fallen.

Even though she received Lilia’s onslaught, she still “didn’t even get down on
one knee”...

The impact of the greatsword when she caught it with her katana should have been
transmitted through her body. It’s true that Lilia is a genius. But still, she’s
only 23... Her combat experience was far inferior to Neun’s. Lilia was well
aware of this. But still, the fact that it seems like she has received no
reaction from her earlier strikes... was just so unexpected for her.

Neun... No, Kujou Hikari is a being who was once called a Hero and the one who
defeated the Demon Lord. She was never called a “Hero” because she was stronger
than anyone else. Even among those who traveled with her, Laguna was superior to
her in terms of strength. However... Not once did she ever “fall”. No matter how
strong her opponent is, no matter what predicament she was in, she continued to
stand with unshakeable strength, and in the end, she was able to win. Yes, the
greatest power that makes her the Hero is... “Battle Continuation ability” that
makes the word “indomitable” something half arsed...

How to apply force when defending against an attack, techniques to ward off
transmitted impacts from strikes, and insight into how to counterattack... Her
fighting skills are very well balanced and seamless. At the very least, she
can’t be brought down by just a “slight physical advantage”.

[Fuuu!]

[Kuuhhh...]

Weaving through Lilia’s attack, Neun approached and sent her counterattack, but
Lilia immediately backsteps away. But even with her reflexes, she couldn’t
completely avoid it and her cheek was lightly grazed. Checking the wound she
received on her cheek, Lilia exclaimed in admiration.

[...As expected of the First Hero. A counterattack right at the perfect moment.]

[No, Duchess Lilia is also really superb. In terms of pure combat ability,
you’re probably better than me... However, yes, well... If that’s all you have,
there’s no way you can win, you know?]

[I feel obliged to hear your advice. If it’s possible though, I’d like to hear
those words again... “after this battle ends”.]

[I guess so... Please excuse my rudeness. It certainly would have been rude to
say who was better during the battle. I’ll say that again after I defeat you.]

[Then, I’ll make sure to express my gratitude... “Thanks to your advice, I got
stronger.” or something like that... after I defeated you.]

Exchanging light smiles with each other, just as they were about to clash
against each other again... They felt an extraordinary amount of magic power,
and the both of them reflexively looked in that direction. The space is quite
large, and although they keep a certain distance from each other so as not to
get in each other’s way, Lilia and Neun’s eyesight, enhanced by their magic
power, were still able to easily see what’s happening in the distance. The
numerous iron arms floating in the air... filled with tremendous magic power...

[Airgetlam Desperado.]

Her voice clearly audible even at a distance, fists rained down from the sky. Of
course, their target was Illness, who was fighting Funf.

[Illness?!]

It’s no wonder that Lilia reflexively cried out. The power of the technique
unleashed by a Peak Count-rank, the most powerful among the Count-ranks, was so
overwhelming that she couldn’t imagine herself being able to defend against it
all.

[...It seems like the battle over there is already settled. However, please be
relieved. Funf-sama is good at holding back... So you need not...]

Amidst the thunderous roar within the crowd, Neun-san was about to call out to
Lilia, who was convinced of Funf’s victory and worried about Illness, but her
words stopped mid-sentence... and her expression gradually changed to one of
astonishment.

[...Funf-sama... isn’t stopping... her attacks?]

The thunderous roar still echoed, and the rain of fists rained down. Twenty
seconds have already passed... and yet, Funf continues to unleash her attacks.
Because they understood what this meant, the expressions of those in the
Underworld King camp, including Sechs, as well as Neun, changed to astonishment.
Once, when Kaito visited Kuromueina’s residence, under Neun’s request, Funf
unleashed her Desperado on her. At that time, Funf stopped attacking after five
seconds. That was because it was the limit of what Neun could endure...

[She can withstand it? Funf-sama’s... Desperado...]

Although it’s impossible to confirm this with the rolling clouds of dust and the
rain of fists that are still pouring down, the fact that Funf still hasn’t
stopped attacking meant that the one she’s battling, Illness, was still alive
and well. And it wasn’t just Neun and the others who were astonished, but Funf
herself.

(I’ve read the situation wrongly?!)

At the end of her gaze, Illness continued to handle the rain of fists that
poured down on her. Her movements were as smooth as if she were watching a
dance, and with just a light touch from Illness, the huge iron fist avoided her
and struck the ground.

(Looking at her magic power, I thought she was just a mid Count-rank and would
be able to settle this battle quickly... but I was mistaken. She isn’t an
opponent of that level! That chillingly perfect and flawless flow of magic
power, the dynamic vision to catch my Desperado, the technique to handle it with
minimal movement... There’s no doubt about it. She’s a Peak Count-rank like
me... She’s on the level of the Six Kings’ executives!)

Funf did intend to end her battle with Illness as soon as possible. The reason
for this is the existence of Shea, the God of Disasters, who is currently the
most powerful in this place, who has to be dealt with by most of those on their
side. It’s true that Sechs’ strategy is effective because it skillfully exploits
Shea’s weakness, but even if that’s so, Shea’s power, which is comparable to
that of the Six Kings, is overwhelming. She is so strong that even Sechs, a Peak
Count-rank, could be defeated by a single misstep.

That’s why she wanted to hurriedly end the battle with Illness as soon as
possible and go to support Sechs and the others. She hadn’t been negligent with
dealing with Illness at all. However, when the fight against her actually
started, she felt that Illness’ strength was so high that one could say she
miscalculated.

(This won’t do. She could completely see them... She isn’t someone I can
overwhelm with Desperado. What should I do? Should I change my offensive
strategy? No, I don’t want to give up the first move to an opponent of her
level. In that case, I should keep this up—)

Funf hesitated for a moment. She realized that it would be impossible to inflict
damage to Illness even if she continued with her attacks, so she wondered if she
should attack with another technique. Immediately after that, Funf felt a shock
on her right shoulder. It was caused by the shockwave of magic power that
Illness unleashed, taking advantage of the momentary gap in Funf’s thinking. She
didn’t get hurt from that shockwave at all. At most, it was just a light push on
her right shoulder.

(This is bad—)

However, “the rhythm of her attacks was deviated” just a little bit. Although it
was a deviation of a few ten-thousandths of a second it was a clear gap in a
battle of this level. The rhythm of the rain of fists deviated a bit. As if to
seize this opportunity, Illness leapt, and using the fists that were raining
down on her as a foothold, she instantly ran up to the sky above Funf. She had
tremendous speed, but Funf wasn’t so weak that she couldn’t handle it. Sensing
Illness’ attack, she immediately created a strong shield in front of her body
with her specialty, Tempering Magic. Faced against such a shield, Illness
lightly twisted her wrist and unleashed a palm strike clad with her magic power.

[...Portcullis Dispersion.]

[Kuhh?!]

When Illness’ palm strike struck the shield, Funf immediately felt a tremendous
impact that seemed to pierce through her, and she was sent flying from the sky
towards the ground.

[An Internal Impact strike... However, don’t underestimate me!]

[ ?! ]

However, Funf is also a Peak Count-rank and one of the most powerful beings in
the world. While being blown away, she created a huge fist directly above
Illness and blasted her toward the ground with her rapidly accelerating fist.
The two collided with the ground at almost the same time, which caused them to
regain their stances much faster, and with the sound of a thunderous roar...
their fist and palm clashed at the center of the two landing points. Funf’s
fist, clad in a hand guard created by magic power, is deflected by Illness with
her palm, and Funf used a small shield created in the air to block the attack.

At the same time, a number of swords and spears appeared around Illness and
rushed toward her, each moving as if with their own will. However, Illness
didn’t bother looking at them, as with one swing of one hand, she generated a
wind made of magic power that deflected Funf’s attack, and at the same time, she
grabs some of them with her fingertips and threw them at Funf, who evaded the
attack by moving her head to side, not stopping her advance at all. Thereupon,
the thunderous roar upon their impact to the ground finally resounded, which
signaled the two to move away from each other.

(...I have more magic and pure power, she has superior magic manipulation
capabilities and techniques, and we are almost even in speed and reaction time.
...)

Funf, who had guessed some of Illness’ abilities through a series of attacks and
defenses, did not let her guard down and called out to Sechs, who was at a short
distance away, using Loudspeaker Magic while keeping her stance raised.

[I’m sorry, Sechs. I don’t think I can help you there.]

[That seems so... It took me a little while to remember this, but this woman
named Illness... She’s probably the one known as “Savior”.]

Hearing Sechs refer to her as Savior, Funf’s eyebrows twitched.

[...Ahh, I see, I also thought I remembered hearing that name somewhere before,
but I see... Back when the Demon Realm still hadn’t been brought to order by the
establishment of the Six Kings and Peerage rankings, there was that martial arts
master who traveled from place to place to save the weak and helpless, then
leaving without asking for anything in return. Rumors about her suddenly
disappeared, but for her to actually be here in the Human Realm.]

[That’s a ratheeeeer nostalgic nicknaaaaaame.]

[...Haahhh, this is an opponent that would really take quite some time to
handle... Sechs, I’ll leave that side to you!]

[Yes, good luck on your side, Funf-dono.]

Illness’ identity, being a martial arts expert who was well-known in the past
Demon Realm, being found out, Funf called out a word to Sechs, as if to cheer
him up, before flaring up her magic power and resumed the battle. Fists were
unleashed at a tremendous speed, and weapons were created one after another and
flew in and out of the surroundings. While being exposed to these storm-like
attacks, Illness flawlessly handled them.

With her eyes currently focused, she’s able to see clearly not only Funf’s
attacks, but also the weapons around her and even the faintest smudge of dirt on
them. Yes, the reason why Illness’ eyes are usually unfocused and seem to stare
into the void... is because she was born with “too good of an eyesight”. Her
eyes can see both far and close distances very clearly, and the angle of vision
is an order of magnitude greater. However, because they can see so much, she
usually made it out of focus on purpose.

Now that she’s using her eyes to their fullest, she can see Funf’s attacks
perfectly and is able to deal with them appropriately. However, the sheer volume
of Funf’s attacks, which are unleashed through various creations using magic
power, was overwhelming, making it difficult for her to counterattack. Sechs,
who had moved his gaze away from the battle between Funf and Illness, was
approached by the blade of a scythe, but five Count-ranks who reacted quickly
blocked that strike. Shea, whose attack was blocked, didn’t seem particularly
bothered by it and immediately pulled back her scythe, looking like she was
thinking for a moment.

[...That they are trying to protect you means that you aren’t under a disguise,
and that you are the one who placed this Large-Scale Spatial Barrier, Great Sage
of the Dead.]

[Indeed, as you had guessed, if I fall, this barrier will be lifted. That is...
if I were to fall.]

[Haahhh, it’s troublesome that the people at the Underworld King’s place were
individually strong...]

An overwhelming force has currently gathered in front of Shea. Starting with
Sechs, a Peak Count-rank, there are 9 Count-rank Demons, 9 Viscount-ranks, and
200 Baron-ranks... With Razelia, Acht and Eva facing against a Count-rank and a
group of people whose strength doesn’t seem to have reached Peerage rank, all
the remaining Peerage holders were facing Shea by herself. A total of three 300
Peerage holders, which is truly an overwhelming force, were facing Shea, but
even with their numbers, one could see the tension on their faces. As Sechs had
said, even if all 300 of these Peerage holders were united against her, they
wouldn’t be able to defeat Shea.

Even in such a situation, She is overwhelmingly stronger.

Even if that were the case though, that didn’t mean Shea can be composed in
fighting against them. Because of the exchange between them just now, as well as
the current state of affairs, Sechs and his group now intend to fight a
defensive battle, and if that is the case, it will be quite troublesome. Those
who were in the Underworld King’s camp, partly because they had received the
guidance of an extremely good teacher, their King, Kuro, are quite strong
individually and work together quite well.

If she takes it easy so as not to kill the Baron-ranks and Viscount-ranks, the
Count-ranks would block her attacks. On the other hand, the lower ranks are
unable to withstand attacks that are powerful enough to overcome the defense of
the Count-ranks. At the very least, it would be difficult for Shea to
immediately win the battle without abandoning her pride. If this is the case,
the only way is to neutralize them one by one, starting with those who have lost
their coordination during the battle.

Letting out a loud sigh, Shea readied her scythe.

[This is a total hassle, but it can’t be helped... I’ll keep you company for a
while.]

However, Shea wasn’t the only one feeling frustrated with the development of the
situation. Sechs and the Peerage holders can’t afford to carelessly move... No,
“they couldn’t make their move”. If they were to let down their guard for even a
second, they would be crushed in just an instant. If they were to avert their
gaze for a few tenths of a second, their consciousness will be reaped away.
That’s how strong Shea is. As long as their goal is to buy time, they don’t need
to make a move on their own... Even so, the act of continuing to confront an
overwhelmingly powerful person is relentlessly chipping away at their nerves.
For Sechs and the others, there are two conditions for defeat: One is that
Sechs, the one who built the ward around them, were defeated without having
bought enough time. And the second is that they “inflict even a single scratch
on Kaito”.

Sechs himself is aware of this. It isn’t like the Six Kings tacitly agreed to
not touch this matter, it’s just that “the Six Kings respect Kaito’s will of not
asking them for their help” and that’s why they aren’t making their moves...

Yes, the moment that Kaito gets even a scratch would determine their defeat.
Whether it’s the “small ice crystals floating in the air”, which can’t be seen
unless one looks closely, or the “being hidden behind Kaito”... Those two will
certainly make their move if Kaito is wounded. If that happens, the power
balance will greatly turn. What’s frightening is that the Phantasmal King, in
particular, will show no mercy to them.

Confronting the No. 5 of the God Realm while being attentively watched by two of
the Six Kings... Sechs was carrying a terrible amount of pressure in his
shoulders.

---

Outside of the Large-Scale Spatial Barrier where the battle had begun and a
back-and-forth attack and defense was being waged, in a corner of the royal city
of Symphonia... on top of a larger building, there was the figure of a single
girl. She was a petite girl with long hair as red as blazing flames and dressed
in a gakuran with a sarashi tied across her chest. Her body was covered in
scars, giving her the appearance of a warrior who has fought many battles.
Taking out the kiseru pipe from the holder attached to her waist, she put it in
her mouth, and quietly folded her arms, staring at the battle going on inside
the barrier.

[Oya? It’s been a while, “Nidzveld”-chan.]

[Ozma huh... Yeah, been a while. Have you come to observe this battle as well?]

[Well, that’s about it. This battle is getting a lot of attention from the Six
Kings, so there are probably others from the other camps who came here to
observe.]

As a slight breeze blew to the side, Ozma, with a cigarette in his mouth,
appeared next to the girl with red hair... One of the Dragon King’s Executives,
the Four Great Demon Dragons, “Sky Dragon of the Extinction Flames”, Freabell
Nidzveld”. As Ozma said, this battle is a very high-profile one for those who
know the situation. If this is the case, it is inevitable that there will be
people like the two of them who will want to observe the battle firsthand.

[...That really seems to be the case.]

At the same time as Nidzveld muttered this, a large red flower bloomed right
next to them, and in the blink of an eye, it quickly turned into the Magic
Flower Princess, Lillie.

[You seem to be having a fun conversation. May I join you two?]

[Yahh, Lillie-chan. So you’re the one who came from World King-sama’s place
huh...]

[Yes, I’ve had some contact with him, the leading actor of this situation.]

[I’m from Dragon King’s camp, Ozma’s from War King’s camp, and Lillie’s from
World King’s camp... Underworld King’s camp is a related party, and Isis-sama
doesn’t have any subordinates. Then, all that’s left would be someone from
Phantasmal King-sama’s camp huh...]

While announcing that most of the camp was now present at Lillie’s arrival,
Nidzveld looked around, seemingly searching for any of Phantasmal King’s
subordinates, but she didn’t see anyone who looked like them.

[Even if the Phantasmal King’s subordinates were here, they wouldn’t come to
join us. Rather, the only one who appears publicly among the Ten Demons,
Phantasmal King’s Executives, is Pandora-san, and I have only met a few of them
in person, so I may not recognize them even if they’re here.]

[Fumu, I thought you were a mind reader?]

[I can only read the surface thoughts. It’s hard to believe that Phantasmal
King’s executives, who specialize in infiltration, have not taken measures
against abilities like this.]

[Well, even the names of their executives are just code names, so Uncle has also
never seen many of them.]

As he said this, the three cut the conversation short and turned their attention
to the battle raging within the barrier.

[...How do you see this battle?]

[Hmmm, this battle would immediately end if God of Disasters-sama gets serious,
but it doesn’t seem like she will do so, which will turn this battle to one that
has a time limit, so Miyama-kun’s side is at a disadvantage.]

[More reinforcements may come in this battle, but I agree with Ozma-san here...
How about it? Since we’re at it, why don’t we bet who will win this battle?]

When Lillie announced this, looking like she’s really having fun, Nidzveld
exhaled purple smoke from her pipe, and with her gaze still fixed on the events
within the barrier, she spoke.

[Such is a real pleasure when it comes to spectating battles... but
unfortunately, that betting isn’t going to happen.]

[Oya? Is that so?]

[You two also know that young man, don’t you? And since you’re bringing up
betting, you’re aware that he may win. And... that I will always be betting on
the victory of the challenger. As a result, this betting isn’t going to happen.]

Nidzveld is very fond of those who face challenges. She says that all
challengers are great, and she herself is a person with aspirations as heated as
the burning flames. She would not hesitate to support the side of Kaito, who is
challenging the world’s taboos, and Ozma and Lillie are also acquaintances of
Kaito and hold him in high regard.

[Well, you’re right. That child has this amazing part to him, making me feel as
if he’s capable of doing something if it’s Miyama-kun. In fact, Funf-chan and
Sechs-kun, who he’s fighting against, may also feel the same way.]

[However, it is difficult for one to believe in someone blindly. Well, I’m blind
enough already, so you could say I am blindly believing in him.]

[Seriously... That’s a surprisingly unique way of putting it.]

---

Some time had passed since the battle began.

The overall situation was almost even at this point. However, as the spectators
Ozma and Lillie predicted, the side trying to protect Vier had a slight
advantage.

[Kuuuhhhhh...]

[Lilia-san?!]

As Lilia was countered several times and sent flying backwards, Kaito worriedly
called out to her. Comparing Lilia’s overall strength with Neun’s... Neun had a
slight edge, and it was inevitable that the longer the battle went on, the more
advantageous it was for Neun. Lilia doesn’t seem to have received substantial
injury, but even so, seeing how she was heavily breathing showed how
considerably fatigued she is, while Neun’s breathing isn’t disheveled at all.

[...Frustrating it may be, but it seems like the current me is no match for the
First Hero.]

[...Are you admitting defeat?]

Hearing Lilia said she couldn’t beat Neun with a slight scowl on her face, Neun
asked a little suspiciously. Thereupon, Lilia... slightly shook her head.

[...No... It’s just that I didn’t want to use “this” if I could help it. “This”
isn’t my power, so it’s not something I’m comfortable using...]

[...What are you...]

[However, it seems like... I would lose if I don’t use it.]

[T-This is bad?! Neun-dono!]

As Lilia quietly mutters, Sechs seems to have quickly understood the meaning of
her words as she calls out to Neun, panicked unlike before. However, before
Sechs could even speak out what’s happening... Lilia activation of “that” was
far faster.

[...Oh, “Blessings of Time”. At this moment, give me “the miracle of the
moment”!]

[What is?!]

[Neun-dono?!]

In just a moment, there was a flash of light and then Neun’s body was greatly
blown away. Of course, it was Lilia who did it... but Neun couldn’t see it. No,
she could just barely see it... However, she couldn’t respond fast enough.
That’s because Lilia was swinging her sword at her with a speed twice as fast,
no, with a speed even faster than before...

The True Blessing of a Supreme God... Those who receive it will be allowed to
speak in the name of the Supreme God... and that’s obviously not all there is to
it. Those who have received a Supreme God’s True Blessing will be given the
“authority to acquire some of the abilities of the Supreme God”. Yes, Lilia has
received Chronois’ blessing, and Chronois allowed her to learn the “magic of
accelerating her own time”. Of course, being granted permission doesn’t
necessarily mean that she can just easily use that magic. No matter how
extremely competent you are, the thing they are being taught is the magic
holding the authority of the Supreme God... It would be impossible for an
ordinary human to learn it, even with the God’s permission.

However, Lilia was able to use the magic that she had learned from Chronois
thanks to her natural talent, albeit for only a short amount of time. But even
though Lilia has a great amount of magic power, she can only use the Supreme
God’s magic to “increase her speed up to three times for a few tens of seconds”
and that will use up most of her magic power. In other words, this may be
Lilia’s trump card, but at the same time, it was a double-edged sword. However,
the effect of this magic certainly is huge... Other than Count-ranks, the
Viscount and Baron-ranks saw Lilia’s time magic and even though it might be a
moment, they have still turned out their awareness from Shea.

[...Did you just turn away your awareness? That’s a minus for you.]

[Oh no?!]

She wouldn’t let this opportunity slip, and in an instant, she reaped the
consciousness of more than a dozen high-ranking Demons and directly burst forth
towards where Sechs is. However... It couldn’t be said that Shea and the others
have completely gained the upper hand yet. While cleaving away the Viscount and
Baron-levels one after another, Shea glanced at the battle between Lilia and
Neun.

[...But still... That wasn’t enough to defeat that Hero huh...]

Lilia seems to be overwhelming Neun with her time magic but... Shea’s eyes could
certainly see it. The way Neun kept avoiding the attacks that would deal
significant injury to her body by a paper-thin margin in the midst of the
flashing sword strikes...

[The battle with the Peak Count-ranks is, of course, not going to be settled
anytime soon ...If only we had “one more card”... No, there’s no point in
thinking about what we don’t have.]

After muttering this in a voice that no one could hear, Shea removed her gaze
from Lilia and the others, and headed towards her opponent.

---

It should have only been a few dozen minutes since the battle began... but I
wonder how many exchanges had taken in such a short time? My eyesight could
barely make out most of the details, but I have a vague understanding of the
current situation.

...We’re one move short. That goes for us, and for Sechs-san’s side as well.

Lilia-san has had a tremendous battle with the First Hero Neun-san, and is on
par with her, someone who is considered a legend, but it doesn’t seem like she
could deal a decisive blow against her. The fight between Illness-san and
Funf-san isn’t very visible, but from the way they occasionally stop moving and
face each other, it seems that both of them aren’t so badly hurt. Shea-san has
taken on many Peerage holders, and has already incapacitated nearly half of them
but... Regarding the Count-rank Demons, she had an advantage over them, but she
hasn’t been able to reduce their numbers yet. Raz-san, Acht and Eva also seemed
to be at an advantage, but they were still being outnumbered by their opponents
and had to repeatedly attack and retreat.

Our side seems to have the upper hand when it comes to battle, but our attacks
haven’t reached Sechs-san, the one who placed this ward. However, Sechs-san and
the others are also on the brink of collapsing if they aren’t careful, and they
aren’t as composed as they were in the beginning. We are one step short of being
able to attack, and they’re one step short of being able to hold us off... In a
sense, it can be said that the situation was at a standstill. As I was pondering
this, Shea and the others once distanced themselves from the person they were
fighting and came back close to me.

[...Tsk, having to fight an escaping powerful person is really troublesome.]

Shea-san clicks her tongue in frustration at the situation where she can’t reach
Sechs-san even after forcibly charging forward. Just as I was about to call out
to her, I heard a ragged breathing from another direction.

[...Haahhh... Haahhh...]

[Lilia-san?! You’re sweating like crazy... Are you alright?!]

Rushing over to Lilia-san, who looks quite exhausted, Shea-san also took one
look at Lilia-san’s condition before speaking.

[...No matter how large your magic power reserves are, you’re still exercising a
part of the power of God of Time and Space-sama. You don’t have much magic power
or strength left, don’t you?]

[...Haahhh... Yes... She’s really... amazing...]

Using her greatsword to support her body, Lilia-san was struggling to hold
herself up, but it was quite clear that she was exhausted. On the other hand,
Neun-san had received several injuries... but she’s still standing firmly on
both feet, making me realize once again how strong she is. Anyway, I thought
that I should help Lilia-san recover from her exhaustion, so I took out a drink
with a straw from my magic box.

[Lilia-san, please drink this!]

[...Ah, yes. Thank you very much... This is delicious, isn’t it? Wait, eh?
This... just recovered my magic power and strength... Is this some really
expensive potion...]

[Ah, errr... That’s “Fruit Juice of the World Tree”.]

[Bfuuuhh?!]

Incidentally, it’s a 100% fruit juice. Alice made it for me, so it should taste
great. I haven’t really tasted it yet...

[W-W-W-What kind of outrageous thing are you making me drink?! Or rather, rumor
has it that if you process it badly, the healing effect will be weakened, so why
the heck would you make a drink out of the Fruit of the World Tree... Hah?!
Don’t tell me you asked for Phantasmal King-sama’s help just because you wanted
to feed this to Lynn?]

[...I-I dunno! A-Anyway, what should we do now?!]

[...After we go back to the mansion, how about we go talk about some things
again, Kaito-san?]

She immediately found out who I asked for... I’m scared about what will happen
later. A-Anyhow, Lilia-san’s strength is now back... but still, I don’t think
she can get past Neun-san. Lilia-san and Shea-san seemed to be thinking the same
way, as they were staring at Sechs-san and the others without moving. Thereupon,
once she stopped fighting, Illness-san returned too.

[As expecteeeed, she isn’t an opponent I can just overwheeeeeelm.]

[No, I mean, Illness... You’re so strong that it’s quite astonishing... Even
against a Count-rank, you look like you’re superior?]

[There isn’t really any clear juncture to tell thaaaaaat, so I can’t really
teeeeeeell.]

Illness-san and Funf-san’s strength seemed to be even, with Illness-san not
showing any signs of being hurt, and Funf-san appearing to be almost unhurt as
well. Raz-san and others also came back and faced Sechs-san and their group as
if they were organizing. The battle has stopped for a moment... Sechs-san’s side
isn’t initiating to attack us as their goal is to buy time, so they are waiting
for us to make our move. I don’t know how much time we have left but... I don’t
think the situation is good.

As I feel the frustration scorching the back of my neck, Neun-san looks at me
and speaks.

[...Kaito-san, isn’t this enough?]

[...What do you mean?]

[I’m begging you. Please pull back already.]

[...]

It was a persuasion... no, a plea. As Neun-san tries to tell me to pull back
while looking like she’s about to cry, I don’t deny or affirm at all. I haven’t
just been loitering around for the past dozens of minutes. Because I couldn’t
participate in the battle, I was thinking instead. I was thinking about Neun-san
and the others’ feelings and wishes... That’s because I’m sure that she is...

[I’m sure that what you claim is right. However, I’m sure that Vier knows it
too... So, please leave her alone.]

[...]

[If so, I’m sure that “someday”... Vier and Kuromu-sama will make up with each
other...]

[...And when... is this someday?]

[...Eh?]

[T-That is...]

In a slow and calm voice, I asked Neun-san without raising my voice.

[Neun-san, this is just a guess but... in the beginning... you were trying to
get Dr. Vier and Kuro together, weren’t you?]

[Wha...]

[But perhaps... I may not know much about the world but... I think you couldn’t
move easily because you felt guilty about how you were being admired while Dr.
Vier is being spoken ill of... and in the end, time just flew by. You gave up
part-ways.]

[...That’s... That’s not it... I just...]

It’s just a guess, but for Neun-san, Dr. Vier isn’t some evil lord of Demons...
I think she’s someone Neun-san respected as “an opponent who she fought against
to protect what is important for each of them”. That’s why she felt guilty about
Dr. Vier. It may not be Neun-san’s fault that she felt such a thing, but with
her personality, such a thing was possible. In fact, Neun-san now looks quite
shaken when she heard what I said.

[Isn’t it that this is what you thought at first? That there’s no need to rush.
You can just take your time and convince Dr. Vier...]

[...That’s not it.]

[...After more time has passed, after the wounds in her heart have healed, when
the next opportunity comes... Thinking about such things, in the end, time has
passed without you being able to do anything.]

[...That... is... That is not...]

It’s not that I’m condemning Neun-san for that. In fact, I know exactly how she
felt. Because despite our difference in age, the emotions that she holds are the
same as what “I used to have”...

[I’ve been there myself. I’ll do my best someday, let’s do it ourselves next
time, let’s do our best tomorrow... While I was making excuses to myself like
that, the walls I had to overcome to take a step forward became bigger and
bigger... and before I knew it, I was stuck.]

[Uuuuuu...]

[So, knowing full well that it’s not something I can say, I’m going to put
myself on the track and say it... It won’t come...]

[...]

[If you don’t move now... that “someday” will never come!!!]

[Uuuuu, a-aaahhh...]

[That’s why I’m not going to stop. You can think of me as an outsider doing
something unnecessary. Despise me if you want... but Neun-san... Seriously...
Did you really think it’s okay for the situation to stay like this?!]

[ ?! ]

The words I strongly said... weren’t even a sermon, but more of an insistence of
my selfishness. However, Neun-san took a step back as if she felt shocked. I
could also see that her eyes were greatly trembling. When I tried to approach
Neun-san, Sechs-san and the others stood as if to protect her... Sechs-san was
about to speak out in defense of Neun-san... but before he could, I heard a
voice that seemed to tear up the atmosphere.

[Well said!!!]

[...Ehh?]

[As I thought, youth should at least have such recklessness... That’s good, just
the way I like it!]

[This... voice... could it be?!]

Responding to the voice that suddenly resounded, Neun-san’s expression changed
to one of astonishment.

[Umu, push on, young man! Whether your choice is right or wrong, it will all be
decided later! All obstacles in your decision should be smashed away! ...Even
so, umu... You lack enough blades huh? In that case, I will lend you my
strength!!!]

Immediately afterwards, a huge spear with a handle of more than two meters long
thunderously pierced the space between me and Sechs-san’s group. And then, a
person appeared as if following the spear. Short marine blue bob cut hair, ears
resembling fish fins, and white and blue clothing that resembles a sailor’s
uniform... Despite her small stature of less than 150 cm, she pulled out the
spear and imposingly carried it on her shoulder.

[Don’t worry, you can count on my strength. I’d like to get rid of my title as a
King as soon as possible but... I have no intention of abandoning the title of
being the “Strongest in the Human Realm” for the time being!]

[...Laguna... W-Why are you here?!]

[Don’t worry, it’s the duty of a friend to correct a comrade when she is on the
wrong path... Well, you should know about it yourself already... but don’t mind
it if I become a bit rough about that.]

In the battle that had been stuck in place for the lack of one more... Another
one who is stuck in the past... The “last piece to save Neun-san” abruptly...
but with a superb timing, appeared.

Her Majesty Laguna, the Strongest in the Human Realm, appears on the
battlefield. Even though she said that she was “rough”, she spoke to Neun-san in
a voice that was terribly gentle.

[...Hey, Hikari. That’s also the case for me but... You’ve gotten older too,
haven’t you? Not in appearance, but in mind...]

[What do you mean?]

[No, I’m just saying that “it doesn’t feel like you” anymore.]

[Not like me? What do you mean by that...]

In a somewhat warm voice, just like a mother talking to her child, Her Majesty
Laguna began to admonish Neun-san. Her Majesty Laguna’s words probably reached
Neun-san’s ears because she had traveled with her before and shared their
hardships together. That’s why Neun-san is listening to Her Majesty Laguna’s
words with a serious expression on her face, though her agitation doesn’t seem
to have disappeared yet.

I don’t know if they don’t intend to do so or not, but Sechs-san and the others
didn’t interrupt their conversation.

[...The words that the youth just said... I’ve heard the same words before. Have
you forgotten about it?]

[Eh? ...Ahh.]

[Yes, after defeating the Demon Lord... Despite our efforts to stop her, saying
“The gulf between the worlds is great, let’s just wait for time to solve it.”,
there was only one person who tried to change the world.]

[...]

[“The more time that passes, the harder it will be to change. If I don’t move
now... I’m sure that someday will never come. So, I will persist.”... I even
admired her back as she walked away. Looking at her back, I thought I saw hope
for the future... Yes, I’m talking about you, Hikari.]

After saying that much, Her Majesty Laguna tightly clasped her hands and after a
brief silence, she looked at Neun with strength in her eyes.

[...How long... are you going to smolder around? That’s unlike you... Get your
mind straight!]

[...Laguna.]

[No matter how many great people are born in the world, no matter how much the
times have changed... For me, there will only be one “Hero”! That’s why, open
your eyes, Kujou Hikari!]

[...]

Hearing Her Majesty Laguna’s shout, strongly filled with her wish, Neun-san
slowly closes her eyes. Just like that... Neun-san closed her eyes in silence
for a few seconds, before she slowly opened her eyes and turned her face towards
me instead of Laguna-san.

[...Please don’t be deceived! Kaito-san!]

[Eh? D-Deceived? By what?]

[Sechs-san’s barrier is indeed powerful. However... There’s no way that it can
stop you who received “Shallow Vernal-sama’s blessing”!]

[Neun-dono?!]

[The fact that Sechs-sama appeared in this place itself is just to mislead
you... In fact, from the very start, if you just reached a single point...
“where the church was supposed to be”... If Kaito-san reaches your
“destination”, it’s possible for you to get out of this barrier!]

...I see. Now that she said it, it certainly is as she said. If this barrier can
only be broken if Sechs-san is defeated, then it should be advantageous for
Sech-san to hide and just let the others handle everything. However, Sechs-san
appeared in front of Shea-san and I, despite the risk of being defeated. Just as
Neun-san said, that’s just to mislead people and make them think that “we can’t
break through without defeating him”... What Sechs-san was really vigilant about
was that I would just aim straight out of the barrier. As proof of this,
Sechs-san sounded unusually flustered at Neun-san’s statement.

I don’t need to ask why she told me that. Right after her statement, Neun-san
rushed towards us and turned around. Then, as she dispersed the jet-black armor
that protected her body, she muttered in a voice filled with strong
determination.

[...Thank you, Kaito-san, Laguna... Thanks to you, I’m finally awake.]

[...Neun-san.]

As the black fog enveloping Neun-san’s body disappeared, she changed into a
hakama and kimono... making her look like a woman from the Taisho era. She then
grabbed her long, beautiful black hair, tucking it behind her neck, and without
any hesitation, she cut her long hair with the Japanese katana in her hand.

![Insert 1](../../_Images/v12/Insert1.png#.insert)

[Fufufu, now that looks really nostalgic... Here.]

[Thank you.]

Seeing Neun-san cut her hair short, Her Majesty Laguna laughed and held out a
long, white cloth to her. Receiving that cloth... Neun-san wrapped it around her
forehead like a headband.

[...Kaito-san, I apologize for my past rudeness. And please, take me with you. I
have to confront Vier once again. I want to save her too!]

[Yes. Rather, I should be the one asking you to come with me instead.]

She wants to save Dr. Vier. That was definitely Neun-san’s underlying wish,
something that had been burning her heart for a long time. Thanks to Her Majesty
Laguna, the doubts within Neun-san’s mind cleared up and she became my ally. So,
all that’s left is to confront Dr. Vier... or so I’d like to say...

[Umu. I see... Neun-dono took that side huh. No, I guess it can’t be helped.]

[...Sechs-sama, I’m sorry. However, are you still going to continue?]

[Yes, well... Let’s see, since things have become like this... Let’s struggle a
bit more.]

Yes, it seems that Sechs-san still intends to continue to fight, and he quickly
floats forward. He was standing in the rear a while ago, but apparently, he
would now try to stop us from breaking through in a single direction... From
here on, it looks like Sechs-san will be directly involved in the fight. With
the addition of Neun-san and Her Majesty Laguna, we have the overwhelming
advantage. However, he didn’t lose heart. Sechs-san’s fighting spirit at least
hasn’t waned at all.

[...Neun-san, here, Fruit Juice of the World Tree...]

[Ahh, it’s fine. Thank you.]

[Eh? But Neun-san, you’re riddled with injuries...]

I took out the same drink that I had given to Lilia-san to help Neun-san recover
from her exhaustion from fighting her, but Neun-san shook her head and said it
was unnecessary.

[...Yes, I certainly am tired. I certainly may have received various injuries...
and my whole body might be riddled with wounds. However... My mind is now filled
with energy! Yes, just like back then...]

[E-Errr... Wha?!]

As I was feeling puzzled by her statement filled with willpower, Neun-san’s body
overflowed with magic power several times more than before. W-What is this?!
Somehow, Neun-san... Rather than be weaker because of her injuries, doesn’t she
look stronger instead?!

[...Hikari has always been some kind of monster of persistence and in fact, she
gets stronger when she’s outnumbered instead. There’s no point in worrying about
her.]

[That’s a mean way of explaining it... It’s just that I’m a person who’s “bad at
giving up”.]

[What the heck is this monster “who is making her magic power spring up through
willpower” saying...]

A-Anyway, it seems like Neun-san is alright. Lilia-san and the others quickly
stood beside us and glared at Sechs-san’s army. Our goal is to break through a
single direction... This would be a clash without any tricks. While I
spontaneously imbue strength within my body... Sechs-san suddenly started
looking around.

[...How surprising... I never expected for her to appear right at this moment?
Good gracious... You really are frightening.]

Not hiding how shaken he is, Sechs-san looks at me with utter astonishment...
Soon after, I could understand why. As my Sympathy Magic announced their
approach, three silhouettes appeared in front of me.

[I’m sorry I’m late! Master!]

[Anima! Eta! Theta!]

It’s not just the three of them, as two more silhouettes came to Lilia-san’s
side...

[Please forgive me if I’m a little late, Milady. Even when I arrived late, I’ve
already been in a rush to arrive here...]

[Luna, Sieg... No, I have no complaints. Thank you for coming.]

Anima, Eta, Theta, Lunamaria-san, and Sieg-san... With the addition of
reassuring reinforcements who had rushed from the mansion, our preparations for
battle were complete. The moment I thought that it was now time for the decisive
battle... a voice quietly rang out.

[...It doesn’t matter.]

Even though her voice was supposed to be so quiet, with a murmur filled with
intense emotions, tremendous magic power erupted from Funf-san’s body.

---

[...Funf-dono?]

Sechs looks at Funf, who is releasing magic power raging like a storm, and calls
out to her, but Funf doesn’t respond to him and snaps her fingers. Thereupon,
several huge pieces of armor appeared behind Funf.

[Those are... the automatically operating giant soldiers that should’ve been
deployed around the castle and the city...]

Neun, who recognized the armor that Funf had summoned, muttered to herself and
looked at the armors. Many had expected that those twenty giant armors would
join the battle... but contrary to their expectations, the giant armors suddenly
shattered into pieces and were sucked into Funf’s body as particles of magic
power.

[...It doesn’t matter who or how many people come. No matter who or what I’m up
against... I will protect Vee.]

The giant soldiers... the magic power that she had put into the defense of
Kuromueina’s castle was recovered, and Funf clad herself with even more powerful
magic power. It doesn’t take a genius to know that she’s making some kind of
preparation.

[...Is this the rumored “Aegis”?]

[Aegis?]

[It’s the greatest and strongest defensive magic Funf-sama possesses. A shield
of absolute defense that even interferes with the law of causality... It’s said
that it could even withstand several strikes from attacks coming from the Six
Kings.]

At Shea’s muttering, Kaito tilted his head, to which Neun explained.

[...You’re mistaken. This isn’t Aegis. Aegis is a magic for the sake of
“protecting the family”... but this isn’t such a magic. This magic is one I
created for the sake of “protecting only one person, Vee”. Whether it’s my
precious family or my own self... Even if it’s to cast aside everything else,
this is a power to protect Vee!]

[T-This is... Funf-dono?! W-What in the world are you...]

Powerful magic power swirls and converges in Funf’s right hand. The air shook,
the earth trembled, and the ground cracked. Thereupon, the magic power took the
form of jet-black flames, burning around Funf’s right arm.

[...”Pluto’s Hand”.]

The right arm, transforming into a sharp and sinister right arm, and the black
magic spreads to Funf, and her right eye is dyed black. The magic power of this
right arm is extraordinary. While the expression of many of the people nearby
changed, Shea clicked her tongue, annoyed.

[Tsk... She’s done something stupid. The magic power in that arm is clearly more
than she can handle. It’s no better than a bomb that wipes out everything around
her...]

[...Funf-sama.]

Hearing Shea’s words, and seeing Funf not even caring about herself, Neun looked
shocked. No, it’s not just Neun. Not a few of the other members of the
Underworld King camp, even Sechs, are looking perplexed. It was such a shock for
them to see Funf, who had always been kind, cheerful and dependable like a big
sister, use her power without regard for herself with an expression that
contained so much heartbreaking resolve.

In the midst of this atmosphere that seemed to overwhelm those around Funf,
there was one who stepped forward.

[...Like I saaaaaaaid, the choice you’re making is a mistaaaaaaake.]

[...Are you insane? I acknowledge that you have the strength of a Peak
Count-rank, but her next blow is probably comparable to the Six Kings in terms
of power alone. Shouldn’t I be the one to deal with her instead?]

Seeing Illness taking a step forward, Shea warned her that she’s being reckless.
However, Illness quietly shook her head at her words.

[Nooo\~\~ I will deal with heeeeer. God of Disasters-samaaaa, please deal with
the other Peerage holdeeeeers.]

[...Can you do it?]

Funf’s strike, with her prepared to do everything to win, can’t be ignored.
However, Funf isn’t their only opponent. It was understood that Shea’s power was
needed to suppress that large number of remaining Peerage holders and that it
would be more efficient to have her fight that side. However, that was only on
the premise that Illness could hold off Funf’s blow. Without answering Shea’s
question though, Illness turned to Kaito and asked.

[Kaito-samaaaa, do you think I can beat heeeeeer?]

[To be honest, everything happening here is just out of my level, so I can’t
tell how strong people are and I don’t know what the chances of winning are.]

When asked by Illness, Kaito said before pausing for a moment, and looking
straight into Illness’ eyes, he spoke.

[...However... I believe in Illness-san.]

After receiving his words filled with his extremely straightforward feelings, a
smile appears on Illness’ face before turning her gaze towards Funf.

[Thank youuuuu. Your words give moooooore strength than anything elseeeeee.]

Immediately after she said this, five magic circles appeared behind her.

[Is that... a Sealing Technique?]

[Nooooo, it’s a liiiiiiittle different. This is more of a technique for storing
magic poweeeeeer.]

Funf, who was in front of the group and was the first to see that technique,
muttered, but Illness denied it.

[As you may have notiiiiiiced, I don’t have that much magic poweeeeer. With just
my magic poweeeeeer, I would only be at the level of a Mid Count-raaaaaaank.
That’s whyyyy, in case I need to overturn such a weakneeeeess, I created a magic
formula that allows me to accumulate a little bit of my magic power every day,
and only when certain conditions are met, I can draw out that magic power.]

This could be said as Illness’ Hidden Technique, a card that she had never used
before. No, describing it in such a way isn’t really that accurate... It’s not
that she “didn’t” use it, she “couldn’t” use it. Five conditions must be met in
order to draw magic power from this technique, and until now, Illness has never
been able to meet them.

Looking straight at Funf, Illness spoke in a voice clearly filled with power.

[This battle is “against an opponent with greater magic power than myself”.]

The first condition is that the opponent must exceed the amount of magic power
of the caster, Illness. As if in response to her words, one of the five magic
circles floating behind here lit up.

[This battle is “one in which I participated of my own volition”.]

The second condition is whether or not Illness herself is involved in the battle
with a clear intention to join it.

[This battle is “not based on my personal grudge”.]

The third condition is that the fight is not due to Illness’ personal grudge or
hatred.

[This battle is “one that I must win”.]

The fourth condition is whether or not the caster, Illness, desires for victory.
Upon these words, four magic circles are lit up. Up to this point, there had
been battles in the past where these conditions could be met. However, the fifth
condition had never been fulfilled. She herself did not know why she had chosen
this last condition.

The words her former King Shalltear had pointed out, her distortion... She
thought it was unnecessary advice, but perhaps, she felt a tug somewhere in her
heart.

[And this battle...]

She had been evidently empty. The empty her could not fulfill her fifth
condition. However... that was in the past. Turning her attention to Kaito once,
Illness spoke out the last key words.

[—“is one fought for someone important”!]

With the five magic circles lighting up, Illness’ body is enveloped in a
dazzling light. The light becomes a pillar that pierces the heavens and is
filled with a magic power that is no less than the magic power Funf was clad in.
In the midst of this dazzling light of magic power, Illness’ voice quietly
resounded.

[...Hidden Technique: Aesir.]

With these words, the dazzling light disappeared as if they were conversing on
Illness, and a change appeared in her appearance. Her horns and hair protruded
longer, perhaps due to the enormous magic power her body was clad in, and her
eyes emitted a pale red light that trails through the air. Meanwhile, her body
is clad in magic power looking like white lightning.

[I’ll say this again. You have mistaken... and I will pierce that rampaging
power you raised with such a naive resolve.]

[...Naive resolve...]

Hearing the words Illness calmly said, Funf revealed her anger, and in response,
the black flames in her right arm grew in intensity. Keeping a cool expression
on her despite the violent discharge of magic power in front of her, Illness
quietly clenched her right fist and pulled it back, her stance at the ready. No
further words are needed between the two, as Funf also draws back her right arm,
ready to attack.

[This blow is a spear that pierces the stars...]

Black flames and white lightning, both are certain kill strikes from two
powerful beings in the world, Peak Count-ranks... Amidst the storm of magic
power, Illness declared.

[———Star Spear!]

Only a handful of those gathered were able to see beyond that point. To the rest
of them, Illness and Funf disappeared without a trace, and suddenly the ground
seemed to have been gouged out from that spot to the far distance. As the people
were wondering what happened and who won and who lost, it was Kaito who was the
first to make his move. Of course, he had no idea what was going on. He just
believed in Illness and started running, but his actions are enough of a start.

The others took that move as a signal and began to move as well, raising the
curtain on the final battle. Meanwhile, within the barrier that is so wide that
it seems to go on indefinitely, Illness and Funf move at high speed in a posture
in which their right arms have collided with each other. No... that expression
probably isn’t appropriate. The correct phrase should be that Funf is being
pulled away from the battlefield by Illness’ attack.

[Kuhh... Why... is this happening?!]

Funf muttered in anguish. Funf, who activated her Pluto’s Hand, and Illness, who
was enhanced by her Aesir... are almost evenly matched in terms of their current
amount of magic power, enhanced physical abilities, and their attack power
itself. Yes, they should be evenly matched. However, how did it turn out?
Illness is clearly overwhelming Funf. The fact that they were far away from the
battlefield was the best proof of this, and Funf’s jet-black arms were starting
to crack a bit.

[Why?! How is this happening?!]

If they are evenly matched in strength, could it be that the difference in their
feelings is creating this situation? If that were the case, Funf could not admit
that. There was no way she would admit that her own determination, where she had
given up everything to protect Vier, was inferior to that of Illness.

[...I should have already told you. Your resolve is naive.]

Even in the midst of the tremendous rush of magic power, her voice clearly
reached Funf’s ears.

[I would also risk my life if I had to fight for someone I love with all my
heart.]

[Kuhhh...]

Even as she speaks, Illness’ fist gains more momentum, and the cracks in Funf’s
right arm grows larger and larger. With a look of anguish on her face, Funf
snapped back at Illness.

[Even I have such—]

[However, I will not “cast aside myself”.]

[?!]

[Can’t you understand it? By casting aside yourself, by casting aside your
everything to fight and get hurt... Can’t you understand how much that hurts
this important person you’re trying to protect?]

[I-I will... Vee...]

The heat in Illness’ voice is matched by the gaining momentum of the white
lightning around her body. The cracks spread to Funf’s entire right arm, which
was on the verge of collapse.

[By casting aside your everything, you’re protecting your important person? You
don’t just protect your important, “you also need to protect yourself”...
There’s no way a halfwit who doesn’t have such a resolve can beat me!!!]

[Kuhhh, uwaaaarrrggghhhhh!]

Finally, the white lightning pierced the black flames. The magic power that had
swelled up burst out, and a tremendous explosion engulfed both parties. In the
cloud of dust created by that huge explosion, Funf was on both knees and her one
hand supporting herself, she was breathing heavily.

[...Haahhh... Haahhh...]

Her right arm had been blown off up to the shoulder, and the massive explosion
of magic power had turned some parts of her body into pieces.

(There are many things I need to reflect on, but that can wait. Anyhow, now is
the time for recovery... I’ve received a considerable amount of injury and
consumed a lot of magic power. It would take a minute for me to recover to a
combat-ready state.)

Although she may appear to have wounds all over her body, in the first place,
Funf... or rather, Peak Count-rank Demons are immortal and can revive themselves
even after being obliterated without a trace. It’s basically impossible for a
battle of this class to be settled in a day or two. In fact, Funf can resume the
battle with just a minute, and with an additional minute, she can completely
regenerate her right arm that was erased.

(For the time being, the regeneration of my right arm can wait. I need to
recover a minimum amount of strength and magic power so that I can rush to aid
Sechs and the others...)

Setting her first priority on meeting up with Sechs and the others, Funf tried
to recover from the injury she received as quickly as possible. However, she
mustn’t forget that there is still another person in that place. If Funf is
still alive and well, that would also be the same case for her opponent...

As if slipping into the gap in Funf’s consciousness as she tries to concentrate
on her recovery, a hand quickly grabbed the back of her neck, as if flowing
naturally with the wind, moving without any sound. Funf instantly reacted to the
touch on her neck and looked up to see Illness, who had her Aesir released, but
with her whole body sufficiently healed, looking at her with a peculiar smile on
her lips.

[...”Plague’s Embrace”.]

[Oh n, ghwaaaaaaa?!]

At that moment, Illness’ skin turned into a venomous color, and something began
to invade Funf’s body.

She was one of the Phantasmal King’s Executives, the Ten Demons. Codename:
Pandemonium. She is known to the world as the “Doomsday-Invoking Plague”. As her
nickname had suggested, she... Illness has the power to control diseases, which
is so powerful that it can penetrate even the Blessings of a High-ranking God.

(Even if I’m considerably injured, she managed to pierce through my
resistances?!)

Normally, something like a mere disease would have been ineffective against
Funf, who has a strong resistance to abnormalities. However, now that she’s
severely injured, Funf’s expression scrunched up in agony. Even so, the disease
has only invaded a part of Funf’s body and doesn’t seem to be progressing any
further.

[...Don’t underestimate me! Something like this won’t bring me down!]

Yes, Funf immediately produced antibodies against the disease and tried to push
back the disease in her body. In response, Illness immediately mutated the
disease and tried to corrode Funf’s body again.

[Yeeees, that’s riiiiiiiight. I ceeeeeertainly won’t be able to neutralize you
with this.]

Illness readily admitted what Funf has said. The fact is that now, they’re just
doing the same thing repeatedly, but Funf’s ability to push her back is
superior, and she would eventually nullify the disease.

[Howeveeeeeer... This is enough to “stall” you heeeeeere.]

[Kuhh...]

In the first place, Illness had no intention of killing Funf in their exchange.
As long as she moves her away from the battle, her first priority is to keep
Funf here and prevent her from joining the others... Just as Kaito believes in
Illness, she too believes in Kaito.

(...No good! I’ve got my hands full dealing with the disease that I don’t have
enough left over to recover...)

For this reason, Illness continues to do her best to hold off Funf alone.

---

Moving the time back a little, in another battle... the main battle was reaching
its climax. Neun ran with a strong gait that didn’t show even a hint of fatigue,
and Laguna quickly lined up next to her.

[How nostalgic. When was the last time we worked together again?]

[Are you fine feeling black after being away from the battlefield for a long
time?]

[Hmph, as if that is the case!]

After a brief exchange of words, Laguna rapidly accelerates and thrusts out her
large spear in her hand. Thereupon, three huge pillars of water rose from the
ground where the spear hit, swirling like spears as they headed towards the
enemy. Those three pillars gathered into one huge whirlpool, trapping the Demons
swallowed within it.

[Please make sure to hold back, okay? They’re my important family...]

Neun stops once, making a large number of Japanese katanas appear in the air,
and takes an iai stance. Thereupon, the swords floating in the air moved in
conjunction with Neun’s movements, and slashes were released from all of the
swords at the same time.

[Hundred-blade flash... Blossom!]

Hundred slashes were released, cutting through the whirlpool in an instant and
reaped the consciousness of a large number of Demons. But then, she had no
intention to kill, so she made sure to hold back with all of her magic
slashes...

[No, it doesn’t seem like you’re in any way being lenient to them though...]

[I’m properly holding back. I’m just worried about you since Laguna is rather
rough with things.]

[You can just not say such things.]

Hearing Neun’s words, Laguna smiled somewhat happily and held up her spear.
Neun’s blow had incapacitated quite a few of their opponents, but not all of
them. Those who were capable escaped from the whirlpool before Neun’s attack and
are still alive and well.

[I’m glad to see that neither of us is losing our edge.]

[You’re right. It doesn’t seem like it would be a problem with things like this,
so let’s end this quickly... Laguna still has to do her job after all, right?]

[Haahhh... When will I be able to resign as King...]

The two held perfect coordination between them, bouncing off each other’s words
and covering each other’s gaps. Because of the many battles they had fought
through together in the past, the two were able to fight against a large number
of Demons with a perfect combination.

Aside from Neun and Laguna, the people who had rushed to the scene had also
started fighting.

[Luna!]

[...Please give me special compensation for this. For disposable items, these
are quite expen... sive!]

Lilia shouted when she saw the formation of Demons approaching, and Lunamaria,
sensing her intention, took out several cards from her pocket and threw them at
the Demons. When Lunamaria snapped her fingers, the thrown cards turned into a
magical thread shaped like a spider’s web, entangling the approaching Demons.

[Sieg!]

[Yes. Make sure you properly hold back, okay? Lili.]

After confirming that the Demons have stopped moving, Lilia evokes a huge magic
circle at her feet and activates her magic. The magic that Lilia unleashed
created a raging tornado that swallowed the Demons that had stopped in their
tracks. Sieglinde then thrusts her flaming sword into the ground, transforming
it into a tornado of flames.

[...Shouldn’t I be the one asking that? You can’t kill them, okay? Sieg.]

[It’s alright. I properly made sure that the flames I used were weak.]

[Properly, you said... I was slightly caught up with your combination attack,
you know? My apron is a little burned, you know?! You’re going to compensate me
for this, okay?!]

As best friends and comrades-in-arms, Lilia, Sieg and Lunamaria were accustomed
to working together, and as they joined forces, the three of them were steadily
whittling down the number of Demons. After a short rest, Sieglinde asked Lilia,
who was standing next to her, as if she suddenly remembered something.

[By the way, Lili... I’ve always thought she isn’t someone normal since
before... but Illness-sama was strong huh?]

[I’m also surprised. I mean, she’s totally a Peak Count-rank... Hahh?! T-That’s
right! If she’s a Count-rank Demon, I guess she should be paid a salary that is
commensurate with her status, right?]

[...I don’t think she’ll ever agree.]

[I agree with Luna.]

With a shout, Anima cut through the air, she brandished her powerful arm like a
heavy tank that eliminates all of her master’s enemies. If her opponents are
defending, she will tear down their defense. With her strong defensive
abilities, she can just continue to attack without caring about the enemy’s
attacks. She was truly like a wild beast unleashed. Her heavy and sharp blows
weren’t easy to receive, even for Peerage holders, and she managed to gradually
open up the path.

Of course, the enemy was no fool. They decided that it isn’t a good idea to
fight head-on against Anima’s power, and tried to exploit her weak mobility.
However, Eta and Theta won’t overlook it. Theta blocked the incoming attacks
with her large shield, and Eta took the opportunity to cleave it away with her
spear. In normal times, the two often quarrel due to their differing
personalities, but when it comes to battle, the twins make a beautiful
combination. Because of their mutual trust in each other’s abilities, Eta
focuses only on attacking with all her might, while Theta would wholeheartedly
defend all incoming attacks.

The two fighters, who completely divide their attack duties between attack and
defense, display a power that exceeds their individual abilities, making them
defeat even the Baron-level, High-ranking Demons, who are supposed to be
superior to them.

The three of them have three different ways of fighting, but they are all of one
mind... that is to pave the way for their esteemed master.

The scene of a flashy battle occurs as they charge head-on. For those who
witnessed this, they might be tempted to look away from the “one who isn’t
fighting”. As if to weave through the gaps between the battles, little by
little, Kaito steadily advanced towards the ward’s wall. Although Kaito isn’t
that athletic, the fact that he has been running with Hina on a regular basis
has helped, and he has been able to run a considerable distance. But of course,
it is impossible for him to deceive the eyes of all the Demons, and there is
occasionally a Demon who notices Kaito and tries to stop him... but they are
obstructed by an arrow flying from the rear.

[I won’t let you get in Kaitokun-san’s way!]

Razelia, an expert marksman, is keeping those who were approaching Kaito in
check...

[Whoa there, we’re also here...]

[—and it would be troubling if you forget about us!]

With Acht and Eval following him, Kaito is making more and more progress towards
the ward’s wall. It wasn’t long ago that the battling parties were somewhat
evenly matched, and now, the balance of power has completely swayed in favor of
Kaito’s side. So, it was inevitable that they’re able to steadily advance.
However, one must not forget. There are still other Peak Count-ranks in that
place... Powerful people on the level of Six Kings’ executives...

[...I don’t have any choice.]

As such a voice echoed through the battlefield, a huge coffin appeared in front
of the place where Kaito and the others were about to head.

[After seeing Funf-dono’s determination, there’s no way I can just keep on going
like this.]

As soon as the coffin was opened, a vast number of undead appeared, filling
one’s field of vision in the blink of an eye. Skeletons of all sizes, zombies
with beast-like forms, and many other varieties of undead... numbering in the
thousands. Blocking the path with overwhelming numbers. Although it’s a simple
strategy, there’s nothing more effective than that for buying time. The ten
other Count-ranks are determined to hold off Shea, while Sechs is blocking Kaito
from reaching his destination.

Immediately after that, however, something completely unexpected happened to
Sechs. Suddenly, something that seemed to be plant roots appeared from the
ground and all the undead were simultaneously restrained.

[What in the... This is?!]

The unexpected events continued. A slightly strong wind blew, tearing apart
thousands of the undead, followed by a scorching flash of heat that obliterated
the deceased without a trace.

(Incredibly precise restraints from outside the barrier, advanced slashes that
cut through the undead’s Self-Regeneration, and firepower that can obliterate
even Great Ghosts with a single blow... Those attacks definitely came from
considerably strong people, but who in the world... No, leave thinking about
those things for later.)

The sudden interference startled him, but the people who made those attacks
didn’t seem to have any intention of coming into the barrier and were nowhere to
be seen. And even though he had been caught off guard, knowing that someone was
attacking from outside the barrier, plenty of countermeasures were formulated in
his mind. However, since his top priority is stopping Kaito, he pushed those
thoughts to the side at the moment.

But then, an extraordinary sense of pressure assaulted him.

[...Haahhh, it can’t be helped.]

Shea, who was facing a large number of Peerage holders, muttered with a somewhat
resigned expression on her face.

[It’s really remarkable. Not only do you have individually good capabilities,
you also have good coordination... Good grief, this isn’t something I really
should be using so casually. Along with our names, “this” is a precious thing
that we Gods were directly bestowed upon by Shallow Vernal-sama.]

After muttering a few words of praise for the members of the Underworld King’s
camp, Shea lightly clapped.

[That’s why, you can be proud. After this battle is over, you can brag about
this to your friends and family... That “you had made the God of Disasters use
her Authority”...]

Shea’s declaration caused those who were facing her to tense up. The people who
are fighting Shea are all Peerage holders and are all people who possess
considerable ability. That’s why they understood the threat of Shea’s
declaration. The Authority is a power that is given directly to the Gods by
Shallow Vernal, and while limited in effect, it is a power that is completely
superior to magic. It was natural for them to be on high alert, and one of the
Count-ranks tried to invoke a strong Defensive Magic.

[T-This is bad! She has already...]

Immediately after Sechs hurriedly raised his voice at her action, the magic
formula that the Count-rank was about to invoke exploded.

[It’s a rare occurrence that a Count-rank fails to invoke their magic, something
that may or may not happen once in 10,000 years. Did you mess up the composition
of your magic formula due to nervousness? What a “disaster”.]

[Everyone, don’t act thoughtlessly!]

[As to be expected from someone called the Great Sage of the Dead. You could see
the situation well... But even if you did, there’s nothing you can do about it.
As expected, I can’t bring the whole world within the scope of my Authority like
the God of Fate-sama could, but I can easily bring this space within the scope
of my Authority. In other words, this place is now within my domain... Nothing
you do would work well. If you try to do anything, you would just be inviting a
disaster to yourself.]

Shea’s Authority is similar to that of her superior, Fate, in that it
manipulates causality. Within the realm of her Authority, disaster strikes every
action against her enemies. To put it simply, attack, defense, evasion, and
everything else do not produce the desired results. It’s as if their failure had
been settled and Sechs and his side can’t move. For the only outcome that awaits
them is a disaster...

[...Hey, get your ass going already.]

[Thank you very much!]

With a situation like this, no one was able to stop Kaito. When Kaito finally
reaches his destination... right next to where the church was originally
located, he turned around and held out his hand.

[Neun-san!]

[Yes! Laguna, I’ll leave the rest to you!]

[Leave it to me!]

When Neun was called, she told Laguna that he would leave the situation to
Laguna and immediately ran to Kaito and firmly grasped his held out hand.
Thereupon, as if a closed door had been opened, an opening appeared in the
barrier, and Vier’s church could be seen beyond it. When Kaito and his Neun
stepped out of the barrier, that gap returned to its original state.

Kaito and Neun stopped once and looked at each other. After giving each other a
nod, they put their hands on the church door. Along with a scraping sound, the
large wooden door opens. The woman Kaito and Neun were looking for... Vier was
standing in front of the altar. Illuminated by the multi-colored light coming
from the stained glass, Vier slowly turned around to face the two visitors. The
figure standing at the altar with her back to the light is filled with
solemnity, and the thin smile on her face could even be described as bewitching.

[...Welcome, you two. Fufufu, this reminds me of the time back as the Demon
Lord.]

[...]

[...]

[Thank you for coming. I’m really glad you came... but I’m sorry. I’m sure I
wouldn’t be able to respond to your feelings.]

Looking at the two of them with a sad smile on her face, Vier knew all about
what Kaito and Neun had come here for. Even though they know that... She was
going to reject it.

[That’s why... Can you please leave?]

---

When Kaito and Neun passed through that barrier and entered the church, the
three Executives, who were also outside the barrier, were watching their backs
from a distance. The three, Lillie, Ozma and Nidzveld, who had just attacked the
undead summoned by Sechs and provided covering fire for Kaito, exchanged words
somewhat happily.

[It’s finally time. However, was it really alright to meddle there? Aren’t you
going to be scolded?]

[No, it was just a slip of the hand. You see, I’m blind, so what happened was
just an accident... Besides, if you’re going to say things like that, aren’t you
also going to be scolded?]

[No, you see, Uncle here has been getting on in years and my hand just slipped.
Well, I’m sure Master wouldn’t mind if I actually meddled here. Did such a thing
happen to you too, Nidzveld-chan?]

[Unnn? Nah, I attacked because I wanted to.]

Hearing Lillie mischievously said, the two were about to agree that it was just
a slip of the hand, but Nidzveld was the only one who mentioned that her hand
hadn’t slipped.

[In the first place, this was just an unspoken agreement. I wasn’t under any
strict orders from Magnawell-sama, and even if I had been, I would have backed
that young man up. If I could have helped such a great and passionate
challenger, I wouldn’t mind accepting a scolding.]

After saying this, Nidzveld put the kiseru in her mouth back into the holder on
her waist and turned her back to the church.

[This time, I have been presented with a good challenge.]

[Oya? It doesn’t seem like the situation has ended, but are you leaving
already?]

[I have seen many challengers in my life, so I know what the back of one who
clutches victory looks like... I’m sure the young man will accomplish what he
challenges here for.]

After saying this in a tone that seemed confident of Kaito’s victory, a small
smile appears on Nidzveld’s lips.

[The victory is the privilege of those who challenged and those who supported
them. It would be extremely tactless for an outsider to peek into the spectacle
of their victory. Therefore, I will be excusing myself here.]

Saying this, Nidzveld glanced at the door of the church that Kaito had entered
and muttered with a smile filled with heartfelt joy.

[I was allowed to see something really good. Great challenger, Miyama Kaito... I
will engrave your name on the soul of this Freabell Nidzveld.]

With that, Nidzveld’s body was enveloped in light, and transforming into a
winged dragon with crimson scales, she flew up into the sky to leave. Ozma too,
extinguishing the cigarette he was smoking, put it in a portable ashtray and
spoke.

[...Nidzveld-chan sure is as cool as always.]

[What are you going to do? We’re apparently being extremely tactless here?]

[Well, the situation from here on out certainly is complicated, and I’ve already
got a good souvenir to bring back Master, so I think it’s time for Uncle to go
home.]

[I suppose so. I guess I’ll go back to Rigforeshia too.]

Just like Nidzveld, the two of them decided not to observe the situation any
further, and each used their own Teleportation Magic to leave the scene.

---

Even as she stared at Neun-san and I, there wasn’t a trace of impatience in Dr.
Vier’s expression. The way she looked at us, I could sense that she was
determined that “her answer wouldn’t change”. Such a Dr. Vier alternately looked
at me and Neun-san, before she spoke with a gentle smile on her face.

[...That’s quite a nostalgic look you have, Hikari. Unnn, as I thought, Hikari
looks better with short hair.]

[Thank you. I also agree that this hairstyle feels nostalgic... Facing you like
this reminds of the time we first met.]

[Unnn. I guess so... What are you going to do now though? Should we fight just
like in the past?]

[No, sorry, but I’m not here to defeat you as a “Hero”. I’m here to persuade you
as your “friend”.]

It seemed like they were having a calm conversation. However, both Neun and Dr.
Vier never averted their gazes with each other as they had serious expressions
on their faces. It may have a different form and meaning than when the Hero and
the Demon Lord once faced each other... I had a feeling that the battle between
them had already begun. I continued to watch that scene without interrupting
them. This isn’t something I can interfere with. They’re conversing with each
other now as both of them were people involved in the past, and if I, an
outsider, joins in, I’ll only disrupt the conversation... If Neun can convince
Dr. Vier herself, that would certainly be the best outcome. However, if it
doesn’t happen... If Neun-san can’t convince her exactly because they’re both
related to that matter and she knows her suffering... I’m going to join the
conversation.

That’s why I continued to stare at the two of them so as not to overlook
anything in their conversation.

[...I’m glad to hear that. I also think of Hikari as a very important friend of
mine... But what exactly are you trying to convince me of?]

[I’ll be straight to the point. Please go meet Kuromu-sama.]

[In that case, I’ll also give you a concise answer. I can’t do that.]

[However, you yourself want to meet Kuromu-sama. Isn’t that right?]

[You’re not wrong... I’m not going to hide it. I want to meet Kuromu-sama. I
want to talk to her again... but that’s something I can’t do.]

It’s not that “she doesn’t want to meet her”, what she’s saying is that “she
can’t meet her”... Naturally, Neun-san knew that Dr. Vier would answer this and
continued speaking with her without being shaken at all.

[...Vier, how long are you going to keep suffering like this? That’s enough
already... within this millennium... I painfully understand how much you’ve
suffered and how long you’ve atoned.]

[...]

[You saved the lives of many people, and when dangerous monsters arise, you
would find the time to exterminate them in secret. You’re even donating most of
the money you earned as a doctor. You were actively involved in the development
of new treatments for diseases that had been thought as incurable, and
generously spread them through the doctors you knew. You don’t accept being
praised, and keep on blaming yourself... How long are you going to keep on doing
this?]

[...There wouldn’t be any end to what I’m doing. My atonement is just for my
self-satisfaction... It would never end.]

[...You should be forgiven by now. For what are you even doing this for? Even
when you were called the Demon Lord, you didn’t harm those without the power to
fight, nor did you ever kill anyone, not even those who fought you.]

[...]

I’m sure that’s what Neun-san has been thinking all along. Dr. Vier didn’t kill
anyone. However, that isn’t the case for the Demons that she had under her
command. As Alice said, Dr. Vier must have been responsible for not being able
to control the situation. However, as Neun-san claimed... She certainly isn’t a
cold-blooded Demon Lord. But even if that’s so, for Dr. Vier... She’s definitely
the most horrible being in the world.

[...So, why do you think you aren’t forgiven yet? Why can’t you just happily
smile...]

[...That’s obvious. Even if others have forgiven me... “I can’t forgive
myself”... so I mustn’t be forgiven. This me who has foolishly sinned and hurt
the person dear to me... “don’t deserve to be happy”.]

Dr. Vier replied to Neun-san with words filled with sadness but... I wonder why?
I’m somehow getting slightly angry.

[Why are you saying that... You also have the right to fulfill your desires! You
want to meet Kuromu-sama... Then, shouldn’t you just meet her?!]

[I said I can’t meet her! I can’t look at Kuromu-sama’s face anymore... I’m not
qualified to do that!]

[You wouldn’t know bef—]

[Stop messing around!]

[Ehh?! K-Kaito-san?]

[...Miyama-kun?]

Before I noticed it, I reflexively shouted at her. I had no intention of joining
the conversation. I thought it would be best for the related parties to talk to
each other, so I stayed on the sidelines... But when Kuro’s name was mentioned,
I couldn’t suppress the feeling of “anger” in my heart. I glared at Dr. Vier,
who turned to me in surprise.

[...What the heck is that... Why are you saying such incomprehensible things
like those who have sinned in the past shouldn’t be happy?!]

[Eh? W-What are you...]

[I’m not going to say anything about you atoning for your past sins, Dr. Vier.
You can make all the amends you want until you’re satisfied. I’m not related to
any of that, and I’m not interested in interfering in that... However! “The you
today” doesn’t need any qualification to be happy!]

[M-Miyama-kun... Like I said, I am...]

[...You’re just freaking “afraid to meet Kuro”...]

[Wha?!]

I was feeling so agitated that I lost my respectful tone, and Dr. Vier, for the
first time today, clearly looked shaken.

[What if Kuro still doesn’t forgive you after you meet her again... That’s what
you’re so afraid of, so you’re just running away with the excuse that you can’t
face Kuro!]

[...T-That’s not it, I was...]

[...If you really care about Kuro and think that you’ve caused trouble for
her... Then why don’t you just apologize in person?]

[ ?! ]

From what I’ve heard so far, Dr. Vier left Kuro’s home without meeting Kuro.
She’s saying that Kuro can’t allow herself to be forgiven by Kuro... but I think
the real reason is something else. What Kuro sadly mutters is that... she wants
to see Dr. Vier, but Dr. Vier might not want to see her... and I’m sure Dr. Vier
feels the same way.

[Kuro might be loathing you. That was what you were thinking, and you ended up
not being able to see her until, didn’t you?]

[That... is...]

[You said that... you love Kuro like a child to her mother... Aren’t you using
it as an excuse just so you can escape?]

[...]

Apparently, my thoughts weren’t far off the mark, and Dr. Vier looked shaken as
she backed away. I guess I hit it right... She wants to meet Kuro. On one hand,
she wanted to apologize to Kuro and ask for her forgiveness, but on the other
hand, she’s afraid to take the step forward, afraid of what would happen if she
was rejected. If she wasn’t at least somewhat aware of it, she wouldn’t have
been so upset.

[...As I thought, that was the case, right? It’s not that you can’t see Kuro...
You’re just afraid to meet her. But at the same time, you wanted to meet Kuro
and ask her forgiveness, right?]

[...T-That’s not it... You’re wrong... I’m not...]

Dr. Vier shook her head in denial, but her voice was very weak. But I’m glad...
It’s not that Dr. Vier doesn’t want to be happy or doesn’t want to be saved. She
was just like I used to be, wanting to be saved, wishing for a helping hand, but
rejecting that hand myself.

[...Dr. Vier. Please meet Kuro.]

[No... No! I will not... meet Kuromu-sama!]

[...Vier.]

[No! I don’t want to meet her... Because, if Kuromu-sama rejects me... I don’t
know what to do anymore...]

Dr. Vier’s composure, which had been there just a moment ago, completely
collapsed, and she shook her head like a spoiled child when Neun-san and I
called out to her. I guess it’s just a matter of willpower at this point. She
wants to meet her, but she also doesn’t want to meet her...

[...Unfortunately, Dr. Vier, I’ve already made up my mind. I won’t choose the
means anymore. I won’t care what you’re saying anymore. I won’t mind if you hate
me. It’s fine for me even if you despise me... Even if I have to “use force”,
I’m going to take you in front of Kuro.]

[I-I’m not going! I am...]

Dr. Vier screams that she doesn’t want to see Kuro, but it no longer matters to
me. Kuro said that “she wants to see Dr. Vier”... Then, I’ll grant Kuro’s wish.
No, that may have just been another excuse.

[H-However, what are you going to do, Kaito-san? With her like that, we won’t be
able to easily make her move. And even if you say by force... Vier is actually
quite strong, you know? If she seriously resists...]

[Neun-san, it is just as I said... I won’t choose the means anymore... I will
use my “trump card”.]

[...What in the world is that trump card... that “feather”...]

Quietly answering Neun-san’s words, I took out a pure white feather from my
pocket.

[...I want Dr. Vier and Kuro to be reunited. To fulfill Kuro’s wish... No, I
also couldn’t assent with the current situation myself. Yes, this is just my
selfishness... So, to make that happen...]

Muttering to myself, I tossed the feather in my hand. Staring at the feather
fluttering down as it was pulled by gravity, I spoke the keywords.

[Please lend me your strength, “Eden-san”!]

Instantly, a silvery white wind blows inside the church, and ten pairs of wings
appear in the shape of a giant sphere. Then, one by one, the wings unfurled, and
the God from another world descended, radiating overwhelming magic power.

[...Details, Acknowledged.]

---

Inside the barrier in front of the church.

When Sechs confirmed that Kaito had passed through his barrier, he stopped
fighting and clapped his hands several times.

[Good gracious, I guess we lost. Everyone, I thank you for going along with my
selfishness. Those of you who can use Recovery Magic, please heal those who are
injured.]

[...]

Lilia and the others looked a little confused as Sechs quickly admitted defeat
and ordered the gathered Demons to stop battling as soon as Kaito passed
through, but Shea only pulled back her scythe without looking surprised.

[...It must be hard acting as the “villain”, isn’t it, Great Sage of the Dead?]

[Hohoho, good gracious, it’s the duty of the elders to push the back of the
youth... Did I go too far?]

[I dunno. Well, you acted really bad though.]

[Oya oya, that’s harsh of you.]

When Sechs said that with a leisurely smile on his face, Shea told him with a
faint smile on his face. It was as if Sechs’ actions earlier had all been an
act...

[Regardless of whether it’s for good or bad, becoming someone’s family makes
them close to you... For this reason, things can sometimes be difficult. I will
also have to thank Miyama-dono later.]

[It’s still too soon to tell, isn’t it?]

[No, I’m sure that Miyama-dono will be able to pull it off... Neun-dono seems to
have actually come to her senses... I guess there are some merits to my pitiful
act. Good gracious, I also have to thank you, God of Disasters, for your
“cooperation”.]

[...I don’t know what you’re talking about.]

[Surely, you jest... If you had seriously fought, you could have neutralized us
in an instant, couldn’t you? Just like how you in fact neutralized us in the
end. Hahaha.]

[...Tsk.]

When Sechs bowed his head to her, Shea clicked her tongue with a sincerely
troubled look on her face. However, she didn’t deny his words, and it really
seems she’s extremely holding back in the fight. Yes, the power balance was
already overwhelmingly tilted to Kaito’s side as soon as Shea had decided to
side with him.

[I’m just grateful for your compassion.]

[...Don’t get me wrong. I certainly am a compassionate Goddess. I respond to
those who seek help... but I’m not so good-natured that I would go out of my way
to save a big idiot who doesn’t even ask for help. The only reason I helped...
was because that human asked me to “help him”... I was going to save “those
three” from the start all because of that softhearted person.]

[I see.]

[...Well, in the end... It’s kind of irritating that even that is “just as that
fellows expected”...]

[Ahh, I knew that was the case...]

After telling him that she had no intention of getting involved in this matter
in the first place if Kaito hadn’t asked for help, Shea spoke about how someone
pulled some strings for this situation to occur. Sechs seemed to know that too,
and nodded without looking particularly surprised.

[...To begin with, the situation we’re in is just too convenient. The
information that my favorite brand would release a new product today reaching
the God Realm, and the location of its launch being conveniently near here...
Then, the depressed Kaito, after being faced with the antagonism of his friend
for the first time, just happened to walk by.]

[That’s right. I’m sure it’s easy for that person to get the information to me.
In addition, the perfectly-timed reinforcements... One of them is even the King
of another country.]

[...That’s just a misunderstanding.]

[ [ Mhmm? ] ]

As Shea and Sechs talk about the existence that pulled the strings in the
shadows, the topic of conversation appeared beside them. A special hood making
her face not visible, multitude of chains dangling on her robe...

[...Phantasmal King, No Face... As I thought, it’s you.]

[If it isn’t Phantasmal King-sama... And, what were we misunderstanding?]

[No, no. First of all, you see, the major premise for that not being the case is
that... Hikari-san and Vier-san are both “insignificant people” to me. Ahh,
please don’t misunderstand. I certainly have some affection for them... But
well, that’s only to the extent that even if they ask my help, I might make
things slightly advantageous for them.]

As the sound of the chains on her robe echoes, No Face nonchalantly spoke.

[...There is only one person I would unconditionally side with, not caring about
advantages and disadvantages, and that is Kaito-san. That’s why, I didn’t
prepare this stage to save four people... However, isn’t it obvious that... “I
would prepare the stage that will have the best outcome for Kaito-san”?
Everything is for Kaito-san’s sake\~\~]

[...Well, I suppose so. If that’s not the case, you would have done something
about this a long time ago...]

[Yese, that’s right. If I wanted to do something about those three’s
relationship, I could have done it before. I just didn’t feel like it though.
Well, I owe Kuro-san a debt of gratitude too, so I’m glad that it turned out
this way.]

[...Putting aside the Great Sage of the Dead, you’re also quite hasty in your
thinking, aren’t you, Phantasmal King? It’s still not sure what the outcome will
be yet, right?]

When No Face told her that she is only moving for Kaito’s sake, Shea quietly
addressed her words. However, No Face easily denied Shea’s words.

[No, it’s already decided... At the very least, it’s already confirmed that Vier
will meet with Kuro.]

[...Hohhh, why is that? Excuse my discourtesy, but would you please tell me what
you’re basing this on?]

[Yes, the reason is actually simple... If Kaito-san just uses his “trump card”,
he’s already won.]

[Trump card, is it? Does he have such a thing?]

[Yes. You could say that such a thing not happening allowed Sechs-san to keep
his life\~\~ After all, if Sechs-san had pushed Kaito-san too hard and made him
use his trump card... I don’t think you will be able to ensure everyone’s
safety, you know?]

[For that trump card to be that pow—Wha?!]

[This is...]

Shea and Sechs looked skeptical as No Face talked about how powerful the trump
card Kaito possesses but... those thoughts immediately disappeared. They felt a
tremendous torrent of magic power could be felt gushing, even through the ward.

[This is impossible! What is this magic power...]

[C-Could this be... Miyama-dono’s trump card... Guhh?! Ju-Just a fragment of
this magic power feels like it would crush me...]

[U-Unbelievable... The grade of this magic power is comparable to Shallow
Vernal-sama... Other than Underworld King... H-How can such a monster exist?!]

[Oya? I see Shea-san doesn’t know about her huh... That should mean that the
Supreme Gods may also not know about her. Well, anyway... You should understand
now, right? As long as this being is on Kaito-san’s side, there’s no way that
Vier-san can win.]

At the same time, the two who were far away from Sechs and the others also
sensed that Kaito had left the barrier by Wide-Area Magic Power Detection.
Thereupon, Illness stopped assaulting Illness’ body with diseases and let go of
Funf. However, the released Funf neither attacked Illness nor went to where
Sechs and the others are, just laying down on the ground with her body spread
out after regenerating her right arm.

[...Ahhhh... We lost... How frustrating.]

Even though she muttered this, there was no hint of sadness on her face and she
seemed somewhat refreshed. After a few moments of silence, Funf raised her upper
body and spoke to Illness.

[...You’re Pandemonium-san, right?]

[Oyaaa? I’ve been found out huuuuuuh.]

[Of course, I’ll find out. I mean, even though I was weakened, I’ll be afraid if
there actually are other Disease-users that would be able to smash through my
resistances.]

[Please keep that a secret to the others, okaaaaaay?]

[I understand.]

Funf, who was unaware of Illness’ true identity but had no intention of going
around saying it, looked up at the sky through the barrier after nodding at
Illness’ words.

[That’s a raaaaaaather refreshed look on your faaaaace.]

[Well, yeah... Hearing what you told me hurts and I’m really disappointed that
we lost... but I’m satisfied.]

With a wry smile on her face, Funf spoke and laid down on the ground again.

[...I finally got to settle a thought that has been smoldering in my mind for
over a thousand years. I lost, and it’s frustrating... Still, this time I was
able to fight with all my might to protect Vee to the very end. I’ve finally
done... what I couldn’t do back then.]

A regret that had always existed within Funf. She was finally able to come to
terms with her past... That she had let Vier fight alone back then... That she
wasn’t able to help her.

[I’ll also have to apologize to Kaito next time.]

[...It’s not like everything is over yet thouuuuugh?]

[Unnn, you’re right. However, I think it will be alright... If it’s Kaito, I
think he’ll definitely save Vee. I’ve got no basis for that though.]

[I suppose sooooo, if it’s Kaito-samaaaaa, I believe he’ll seize the good
resuuuuuults.]

Just as the both of them giggled at the same time, the both of them
simultaneously turned their gazes in the direction of the church, sensing an
extraordinary amount of magic power.

[...Ahh~ but as expected, this is just out of my expectations... What is that?
That’s an outrageous amount of magic power...]

[I’m also surpriiiiiised. Could this be from that person Kaito-sama had told us
abouuuuut, a God from another woooooorld?]

[...A God from another world? She’s someone like Shallow Vernal-sama? For him to
know such a person, that child is as amazing as usual.]

---

With the appearance of Eden-san, Dr. Vier immediately moved. She immediately
turned around and ran away without hesitation... realizing in an instant that
she was no match for Eden-san, she escaped as fast as she could. However...

[And who gave you the permission to move?]

[Gahh... Aahh... can’t move...]

As Eden-san muttered a few words, Dr. Vier’s body unnaturally stopped with her
posture looking like she’s trying to run. Yes, Dr. Vier decided that she
couldn’t win against Eden-san and that she was no match for her, so she tried to
run away... but she was mistaken to think she could do that. Once Eden-san
showed up, there’s no way for Dr. Vier to even fight anymore.

[...Eden-san. Can you “forcibly teleport Dr. Vier, Neun-san and I to where Kuro
is”?]

[That’s quite simple.]

The main reason why I considered Eden-san as my trump card... is because I
remembered how she forcibly teleported Alice when they fought before. So, I
thought Eden-san could teleport Dr. Vier, regardless of her intentions, without
hurting her to Kuro. When I asked her about it, Eden-san nodded and said that it
was easy to do.

[...Dr. Vier. I’m sorry for being forceful like this. I’ll listen to your
complaints as much as you want later. Eden-san, please!]

[Understood.]

With my words as a key, a flash of light shot out from Eden-san’s wings and the
scenery around us instantly changed. What should have been a church turned into
a small hill where the gentle breeze could be felt... And there stood the person
we were looking for. A sword stuck in front of a huge stone monument and Kuro
was standing in front of it, looking at the stone monument. Now then... Where am
I?

[...Could this place be...]

[Neun-san?]

[This is where the Demon Lord’s castle used to be, and where the Treaty of
Friendship was signed. For me, and for Vier... This is the place where the
battle began and ended... The place that is now called the “Hero’s Hill”.
H-However, why is Kuromu-sama here...]

I see, this is... the place that Lilia-san told me. This is where Neun-san’s
message and her beloved katana was placed huh. This place may certainly be
appropriate for our current situation, but why would Kuro be here at this time?
As these questions came to mind, Kuro spoke without looking back towards us.

[...Kaito-kun, Neun, Funf and Sechs... I know that everyone’s moving. That’s why
I’ve decided to wait here. I believe in Kaito-kun after all... I thought it
would be best to wait here and not do anything else.]

After calmly telling me this, Kuro looked towards us. I don’t know if Eden-san’s
magical restraints are still in place, but Dr. Vier isn’t moving. No, she may be
unable to move... but I know that she looked very pale and was slightly shaking.

[...It’s been a while, Vier.]

[...Kuro... mu... -sama...]

I’ve been moving around all for this moment. I still don’t know what the outcome
of their meeting will be... But even if that’s so, Kuro and Dr. Vier, at this
moment... for the first time in a thousand years, they met again.

![Insert 2](../../_Images/v12/Insert2.png#.insert)

Slowly, Kuro stepped towards Dr. Vier. Dr. Vier looked pale, and her shoulders
jerked every time took a step closer.

[...Ku... romu-sama... I-I’m...]

[...]

Just as Kuro arrives in front of Dr. Vier, Kuro’s hand immediately swings out
with a speed that makes the air shake.

...A slap? Did she just slap her? A slap holding Kuro’s power? Errr... Dr. Vier,
are you alive yet? Is your head blown off your body?

Receiving a slap of unbelievable power... A strike that would surely separate my
head from my body if I were the one who received it, a red mark remained on Dr.
Vier’s cheek. Or rather, that’s all the damage she received?! It sounded as if a
missile had been shot, but the damage Dr. Vier received was just her cheek
reddening... Her body is too sturdy. While I was surprised because of a
different reason, Kuro stared straight at the surprised Dr. Vier and spoke.

[...Do you know why I’m mad?]

[...T-That is... because I brought a great amount of trouble... to
Kuromu-sama...]

[You’re wrong!]

[...Eh?]

Dr. Vier, frightened by Kuro who was clearly angry, replied with a pale
expression on her face, but she was immediately refuted.

[...The situation in the past was my fault. Because I didn’t explain my
circumstances to Vier properly... I end up regretting it. However, that’s not
what I’m angry about!]

[Eh, u-ummm...]

[Why... Why?! Why did you leave without discussing anything with me and didn’t
come back for over a thousand years?!]

[ ?! ]

[Just arbitrarily leaving... Carrying all responsibility on your own... Do you
have any idea how worried I was about you? That kind of thing... did you really
think... that it would be something I would be happy about?]

[T-That is...]

As tears dripped down Kuro’s eyes, I could tell that she was really worried
about Dr. Vier. That’s why Dr. Vier was also very shaken and couldn’t find the
words to respond with. Wiping her tears away with her sleeves once, Kuro then
looked straight into Dr. Vier’s eyes and slowly told her in a sad voice.

[...I’ve sent you many, many letters, haven’t I? However, you never responded...
Hey, Vier? Did you hate me already? Did you hate me so much that you don’t even
want to talk to me anymore?]

[T-That’s not it! There’s no way that I would hate Kuromu-sama!!!]

I see. Although Kuro didn’t see Dr. Vier in person, she did send her a number of
letters and tried to repair their relationship... But Dr. Vier never responded
to them. It’s just my guess but... I think she was too scared to even read them,
thinking that “What if they were letters where she’s telling her that she’s
breaking off connections with her”.

[...Then, why won’t you meet me before?]

[That’s... because... I don’t think... I’m qualified to meet Kuromu-sama...]

[You don’t need any qualifications to meet family!!!]

[...Kuromu... -sama... Eh?]

When Dr. Vier spoke about not being qualified again, Kuro shouted at her.

And then, Kuro pulled Dr. Vier’s hand and held her in front of her chest.

[...It’s really... a relief... to see you’re healthy.]

[A-Aahhh... Kuromu-sama... I-I-I’m...]

[Vier... We finally met.]

[Aahhh... Uwaahh... Aaaahhhh!]

Patting Dr. Vier’s head, Kuro softly spoke to her. Receiving her soothing, Dr.
Vier trembled and large drops of tears began to flow down her eyes. With her
trembling hands, she gripped onto Kuro’s clothes... and as if she’s squeezing
them out of her mouth, Dr. Vier spoke.

[...Is it alright? I... This foolish me... Is it really... alright for me... to
still call you Kuromu-sama...]

[Of course. Regardless of what Vier thinks, Vier will always be my “precious
family”. That will never change, no matter what happens.]

[Uwaahhh... Aaahhhh! Kuromu-sama! Kuromu-sama!!!]

[...Unnn. You’ve been suffering a lot, haven’t you? You’ve been persevering on
your own, haven’t you?]

[Uwaaaahhhhh! I-I’m... so... sowwy! I was so scared... that I’m running away
from meeting you... I’m sorry...]

I’m sure that Kuro’s gentle acceptance and welcome is what Dr. Vier has been
wishing for within her mind. As if she’s letting out all her pent up emotions,
tears stream down her face as Dr. Vier clings to Kuro, just like a spoiled child
clinging to her mother.

[I’m sorry, Vier... If I’d had more courage, I could have gone to see you
sooner... I was also afraid that Vier might have hated me, so I wasn’t able to
gather the courage to see you. I’m really sorry that we only met today.]

[That’z not it! It’z all... Aaaahhh... my fauld... I was feeling afraid...
Aaahhh... to meet you! Even though I weally wanted to meet Kuromu-sama! I’m
sorry, I’m sorry... I should have just been honest with my feelings... I’m
sorry... Kuromu-sama! Kuromu-sama!!!]

[Unnn, it’s alright... “Welcome home”, Vier.]

[A-A-Aaaahhhh!]

As if a dam had been broken... Feelings that were pent up for over a thousand
years began overflowing out of Dr. Vier’s mouth, and Kuro continued to gently
catch them. These two whose feelings for each other led them to drift apart...
At this moment, they were finally reunited. As I felt like tears were about to
drip down my own eyes, watching such a scene, I felt a light tap on my shoulder.

[...Kaito-san.]

[...You’re right. Eden-san.]

[...?]

When Neun-san called my name, I nodded, immediately realizing that she was
hinting that we should leave them alone for now. After all, it’s been over a
thousand years since they’ve met, and I’m sure they have lots of things they
want to talk about. With that in mind, I called out to the other person in this
place... Eden-san. However, Eden-san just tilted her head in wonder, as if she
didn’t understand the reason why I called out to her.

It seems like all Gods who created worlds have also turned off their ability to
read the mood.

Wryly smiling at her pure reaction, I managed to gesture that we were leaving
the place. Eden-san seemed to have understood as she nodded her head, leaving
together with Neun-san and I.

[...Kuromu-sama, I... I...]

[Unnn... It’s alright, I’m here with you.]

The words I heard just as we were leaving... Even though Dr. Vier was trembling
in tears as she said them... They were certainly filled with joy.
