---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 5: Arrival at the Venue

The 23th Day of the second Fire month.

The Six Kings Festival is coming up tomorrow, and we’re supposed to travel there
today. There is a direct gate to the event site, and we can teleport there from
the gates of each realm. As for the transportations to the gates of each realm,
we can be picked up and dropped off, free of charge, but the Flying Dragon
Services arranged by Magnawell-san. The gate wasn’t really too far from
Lilia-san’s mansion, and it’s only a short distance away by carriage... but
Lilia-san strongly wished to ride a flying dragon. Of the participants we knew,
Eden-san would arrive there on the day of the event, while Sieg-san’s parents...
Rei-san and Fia-san are coming from Rigforeshia, and we will meet on-site.

Other than the members who live in Lilia-san’s mansion, Noir-san,
Lunamaria-san’s mother, is also going with us. To our surprise, Fafnir-san was
the one who came to pick us up. He’s a huge dragon with a tremendous physique,
but it seems like after your strength reaches Fafnir-san’s level, you can change
the size of your body to some extent, so he came in a size that fits the garden
of the mansion.

[It’s been a while, Miyama-dono.]

[Hello, Fafnir-san. We will be in your care today.]

[Leave it to me...]

After greeting Fafnir-san, whom I hadn’t seen in a long time, we departed
immediately. Well, it’s not that far, so it only took a few minutes. Unnn, I
really think we don’t need to ride a flying dragon here.

[...W-What a moving experience this is. I never thought I’d be carried by
Fafnir-sama, a Count-rank Dragon and a super-ancient true dragon...]

...Well, Lilia-san looks happy, so I guess it’s fine.

---

I had heard that the Six Kings Festival would be held on an island in the Demon
Realm, but the place I arrived at was nothing short of breathtaking. They made a
city comparable to the royal capital, all for the sake of conducting the grand
Six Kings Festival—I can see Magnawell-san’s large body from a distance, and to
think that city expands until that area... I can already guess how extremely
large the size of this city is. When I reached the huge, gorgeously decorated
gate, Caraway-san was waiting for us there with a soft smile on her face.

[We have been expecting you, Miyama-sama... Once again, I’m Caraway, the one who
will guide you around today.]

[Hello, Caraway-san. I apologize for the sudden request.]

[No, it’s my honor to be of help to Miyama-sama... Is everyone in Miyama-sama’s
group already gathered?]

Hmmm. She’s saying it’s my group like it’s obvious, but shouldn’t it be more
appropriate to call us Duchess Albert’s group? No, well, it’s certainly true
that I have the highest rank of invitation but... it’s making me itch for some
reason. Also, this is unrelated but... When she asked if this was all of us,
Caraway-san’s long tail turned into a ” ? ” shape. I wonder if she’s
unconsciously doing that? If so, that’s kind of cute.

[No, two more people are scheduled to join us... Can we wait for a while?]

[Understood. Well then, I will start guiding everyone once they’ve joined us.]

Saying this, Caraway-san smiled at me. It may just be my imagination, but her
expression somehow feels softer than when we had met before.

---

Watching Kaito and Caraway calmly conversing with each other, Lunamaria muttered
to herself.

[...How in the world did he make a woman who he has only met once... to have a
“face of a woman completely in love” the next time he met her?]

[...It’s because it’s Kaito-san.]

[...It’s Kaito-senpai after all.]

[How should I say this... For me to be convinced with just those few words,
Miyama-sama really is scary.]

Aoi and Hina responded to Lunamaria’s murmur with dumbfounded expressions on
their faces.

Yes, the girls have noticed. The feverish gaze Caraway had towards Kaito...
Rather, they’ve clearly noticed that “her tail turned into the shape of a heart”
when she’s talking with Kaito...

![Insert 4](../../_Images/v12/Insert4.png#.insert)

[...Fumu, to see through Master’s loftiness, that High-ranking Demon... It seems
like she would have quite the bright future.]

[Yes, this is also because of Master’s greatness.]

[As expected of Master... desu.]

In contrast to Lunamaria and the others, Kaito’s follower trio, Anima, Eta and
Theta, nodded with somewhat proud expressions on their faces. After casting
another dumbfounded glance at the trio, Lunamaria turned to her mother.

[...Listen, Mom. Don’t get too close to Miyama-sama. As you can see, he will
cage you up and have you entrapped in his clutches in an instant...]

[Unnn? Miyama-san is a wonderful gentleman after all\~\~]

[Mom... Are you even listening to me?]

[Yes, you’re talking about how wonderful Miyama-san, who is loved by so many
women, right?]

[N-No... T-There is no doubt that Miyama-sama is a charming man but...]

In a world where polygamy is the norm, being favored by many women directly
shows one’s value as a man. The idea that men who have many lovers are wonderful
is a very common one, and Lunamaria couldn’t deny that point. However, it seems
like she’s feeling complicated because her own mother was very fond of Kaito,
and her complicated emotions are showing on her face.

[That’s right, isn’t it? He’s a kind man but... Being an only wife, it was
“slightly pathetic”, wasn’t it?]

[Why are you lightheartedly disparaging Dad?! No, it’s not like I’m supporting
Dad, and I agree that it’s slightly pathetic but... Can’t you be a little more
concerned about Dad?!]

[Unnn? I’m still in love with him though\~\~]

[T-Then...]

[But when I’m with a wonderful gentleman like Miyama-san, the “woman” in me
tingles.]

[Why the heck do you have the “face of a womaaaaaaaan”?!]

With a parasol in hand, Noir’s eyes were as feverish as Caraway’s as she
ecstatically gazed at Kaito with her cheeks blushed red.

[Lu-chan, Lu-chan.]

[...What is it?]

[Which do you think Miyama-san prefers... “licking” or “sucking”?]

[And what exactly are you planning by asking that? Are you just feeling
adventurous? Are you going on a trip and starting a night adventure?! I won’t
allow it! There’s no way I’ll allow it, okay?!]

[...Unnn? Ahh, I see. I’m sorry, Lu-chan. Mom didn’t think it through.]

[...Y-You’ve finally understood me...]

When she saw Noir adorably clapping her hands with a smile, Lunamaria felt a
sense of relief... which was immediately shattered into pieces.

[“Lu-chan also wants to come with me”, right? Yes, Mom understands you. I’m sure
that will be Lu-chan’s first time, so Mom will teach you well.]

[You didn’t! Understand me! At all?! L-Lili!!! Help me!!!]

[...N-Night adv... S-Should I also do that? H-However, such a thing is still...]

[Why the heck do all of you have that kind of faaaaaaceeeee?!]

When she turned around to ask for help, Lilia was poking her index finger
together with a bright red face, and Lunamaria, realizing that she had no
allies, screamed with tears in her eyes. But if there’s one thing Lunamaria is
wrong about, it’s that... Noir is not talking about sexual intercourse, she is
talking about drinking blood... She wanted to drink Kaito’s blood again,
preferably during the Six King Festival. She was thinking about which would be
more pleasing for Kaito, licking the blood off his finger or sucking on his
bleeding finger. But then, Lunamaria’s apprehensions were not out of line. For
Noir, drinking Kaito’s blood is her supreme pleasure, and her Affection to Kaito
increases every time she drinks his blood. Honestly speaking, her Affection
Meter is already on a level that she would accept such an act with him if Kaito
asks for it.

It seems like Lunamaria’s hardships still continue.

---

Meeting Caraway-san again, I finished introducing her to Anima and the others,
who she had never met before. I don’t know why, but Anima had an unusually good
impression of Caraway-san for some reason. Do they feel some kind of connection
between them, being that both of them are Beastman-type Demons? At about the
same time that this question popped into my mind, a voice suddenly called out.

[...Sorry for waiting, everyone!]

Vigorous familiar voices... Turning towards the voice, Sieg-san held her head in
her hands. From the end of our gazes, two shadows come running. A
familiar-looking man and woman came running towards us, dashing towards in a
zigzag pattern while crisscrossing with each other. As they intercrossed in
front of us, they did a cartwheel in the air and landed. They then did a
backflip, stood back-to-back, and ended it with a pose.

[Long time no see, everyone!]

[We have arrived\~\~]

Of course, it was Sieg-san’s parents who showed up with a tension that blew
everyone’s mind... Ria-san and Fia-san.

[We totally nailed it, Rei.]

[Yeah, all the practice we did for this day paid off. It was a perfect entrance!
Everyone seemed like they were so moved they’re speechless.]

You’re mistaken. We were so dumbfounded that we’re speechless. Also, Rei-san and
Fia-san, it’s fine and all to be proud of your achievement but... If you don’t
step on the brakes soon, Sieg-san would start focusing on you, you know? But of
course, the two wouldn’t settle down easily, and Sieg-san’s usual scolding was
about to begin... but for some reason, I heard “a voice different from earlier”.

[...Fufufu, ahaha, haHAHAHA! You call that a perfect entrance? Naive! You’re as
naive as a new-born baby!]

[W-Who are you?!]

...As far as I know, she’s the world’s greatest idiot.

[It can’t be helped. For the sake of the young chicks who don’t know the
vastness of the sky, Let me show you what true appearance looks like!]

With her headache-inducing monologue, an idiot and the clone of an idiot come
running from the distance... in a cat and dog stuffed costume... Then, the idiot
dog and the idiot cat jumped in the middle of the group, crossing with each
other while doing horizontal spins. Their movements certainly look amazing, but
if it’s her, even if she makes an entrance like that...

[T-That’s impossible! C-Could that possibly be... “The Divine Exchange”?!]

[T-This is unbelievable... Isn’t that a lost technique?!]

However, there are two people who are actually hooked by her movements. In front
of their gazes, the idiot dog and idiot cat landed and immediately did a
twisting backward knee trip, and with a spin, they kicked each other’s legs in
the air to return to their original positions.

[How could this be?! You linked the Divine Exchange with a “Double Crescent
Moon”?!]

[I-It’s not possible for one’s body to withstand that! What is with these two,
are you monsters...]

I’ve been wondering about this for a while, but what’s that? What’s with those
very cool names? Who the heck gave it those names? After running and lining up
in a row, the idiot dog stepped on the idiot cat’s shoulder and leaped high
while spinning around. The idiot cat approached her, leaping across the ground
like a gymnast, and struck a pose at the area where the idiot dog landed with
their back facing each other.

[...A-Aaahhhh... “Shooting Star”... How could... this be...]

[Moreover, the other one did a “Ground Combination”... T-There’s no way humans
can do that!]

...You aren’t humans either, Rei-san and Fia-san. You’re elves, remember? For
us, what the idiots did wasn’t much, but for Rei-san and Fia-san, the idiot
duo’s entrance was really shocking, as they both fell to their knees and hung
their head at the same time.

[...We lost.]

[...I never thought there would be performers like them in this world... Who in
the world are you?!]

...They’re the irredeemable idiots.

[Fufufu, I’m glad you asked. I’m the star that shines on the world... the
Mysterious Transcendental Beauty Alice-chan!]

[ [ W-What did you say?! ] ]

Rei-san, Fia-san, you’re getting too into the mood. Somehow, even though I’m
just watching them, I’m feeling really tired.

[The Mysterious Transcendental Beauty Alice-chan... W-Who in the world are
you?!]

[I-I don’t know who that is at all... That must be why she calls herself the
Mysterious Transcendental Beauty Alice-chan huh!]

No, that’s just because that’s her name, okay?! For crying out loud, she just
said her name was Alice!

[Fuuu, I can’t tell you who I am but...]

Even though you said your name to them?! You aren’t hiding anything, you’re
completely open!

[You guys have a lot of potential. All I wish is that you don’t become so
complacent. The pinnacle of your career as performers is still a long way off.
Please keep that in mind and keep working hard.]

[The Mysterious Transcendental Beauty Alice-chan... T-Thank you very much!]

[Yes, we’ll try our best to catch up with the Mysterious Transcendental Beauty
Alice-chan one day!]

I can’t keep up with them anymore... In front of me, who couldn’t keep up with
them at all due to the difference in tension, Rei-san and Fia-san were in tears,
as if they were overcome with emotions... until swords were thrust towards their
necks.

[...U-Ummm, Sieg? T-This is...]

[Sieg-chan, calm down...]

[...]

Sieg-san’s eyes were filled with murderous intent. Well, they reap what they
sowed.

[...You two are being disrespectful to Phantasmal King-sama!]

[ [ ...Eh? Phantasmal King... -sama? ] ]

When Sieg-san told them that, they completely stiffened... before a few moments
later, they slowly turned to Alice.

[...Errr... you’re... Phantasmal King-sama?]

[Yes, the true identity of the Mysterious Transcendental Beauty Alice-chan...
Tadahh! The Phantasmal King!]

With exaggerated movements, she took off her stuffed costume and Alice appeared
in the form of the Phantasmal King, clad in black hood with dangling chains.
When Rei-san and Fia-san saw this, the color completely disappeared from their
faces... and they smoothly knelt down in a dogeza.

[M-M-M-My apologies! W-W-W-We didn’t know you were Phantasmal King-sama...]

[P-Please excuse us for our rudeness...]

Perhaps remembering their flippant conversation from earlier, they both
shuddered and said their apologies. Hearing this, Alice nodded once in
satisfaction and began to speak in a pompous tone.

[Well, it’s no wonder you don’t recognize me. Not only am I the Phantasmal King,
I’m also a top-notch performer... Each of my movements are perfectly
sophisticated beauty brought into existence. Just for this moment, you can buy
this “Performance Textbook” that I wrote at a special price of—Fugyaaahhh?!]

[...Stop fooling around and behave yourself.]

[K-Kaito-san?! N-No, I was just instructing them as fellow performe—Migyaaahhh?!
Y-You’ww teaw off my chweeks... You’ww teaw them off! You’ww teawing them off!]

[...Come here for a sec.]

[Niyaahhh?! Don’t dwag me whiyle youw hand is on my chweek... I-I’m sowwwwwwy! I
got cawwied awaaaayyy!]

Beating up the idiot who started coercing the two frightened people to buy her
stuff, I forcibly dragged her away. Just because I’ve been spoiling her a bit
lately, she’s become like this... It’s been a while since I scolded her. Let’s
do that.

[...Hey, Sieg-chan? Is that person really Phantasmal King-sama?]

[Yes.]

[...Ummm, Miyama-kun is making her sit in a seiza and scolding her...]

[...She’s the Phantasmal King.]

When the scolding to the idiot was over, it seemed that Sieg-san’s scolding was
also over at the same time, and the battered Rei-san and Fia-san stood up.

[Even so, it’s amazing, isn’t it? It’s a festival hosted by the Six Kings, so I
knew that it would be large-scale... but for it to be this large...]

Rei-san is quick to recover and switch gears as usual, muttering to himself as
he stares at the large city that will become the venue. I can totally agree with
that statement. In fact, the place was much bigger than I imagined, and the
tower in the center is so big that it feels like it’s going to pierce the sky.
I’m not really sure if I’ll be staying there but, it’s a bit... no, it makes me
feel dwarfed, but I don’t think I really have the right to refuse.

[Nevertheless, as expected of the Six Kings... How much money did they spend on
all of this?]

[I can’t even imagine.]

Lilia-san muttered, and Lunamaria-san agreed with a mysterious look on her face.
It’s true that an inordinate amount of materials must have been used just for
that one central tower. Where in the world did they gather such a large amount
of materials in such a short time...? Well, it’s really going to be a festival
on a scale I’ve never experienced before, that’s for sure.

[However, with a place this big... It seems like it would be difficult to go
around the place.]

[Yeah, indeed... It seems to be as big as the royal capital of Symphonia... I
don’t know if we can visit all of the places in seven days.]

I replied to Fia-san’s very agreeable mutterings. The city where this event will
be held is too big. If all the stalls were lined up in this city, we would
probably only be able to visit half of them. Just as I was thinking that I need
to plan out where I will be going... Caraway-san said something unbelievable.

[...No, Miyama-sama. Not just seven days. If you want to go around and see
everything, you shouldn’t think about going around it for seven days, but just
for one day.]

[...What? No, I mean, the Six Kings Festival lasts for...]

[I’ve only heard about it but... It seems that the Six Kings Festival “switches
all the events except for the Central Tower and the accommodations every day”.]

[......]

Caraway-san’s words left not only me, but everyone here in awe. In other words,
they’re going to change all the stalls every single day? No, no, no matter how I
think about it, that’s kinda...

[It’s hard to believe, but I heard that “even the buildings would also change”.]

[...I-Is that even possible?!]

[I don’t know. But if it’s the Six Kings... I can’t say it’s impossible.]

Lilia-san asked in astonishment, and Caraway-san replied with a hesitating
expression on her face, as if she herself was also half-doubting her words. But
it certainly was as Caraway-san said. Even if it’s impossible to our common
sense, the Six Kings might be able to do it. However, this would make the
problem that Fia-san mentioned earlier more serious. When a festival of such a
scale that you can’t even visit half of it over the course of seven days is
switched every day... One would really only be able to enjoy a little bit of the
festival. In that case, it would be great if we can walk around with some idea
of what we would like to see... With how big this place is, I wouldn’t even know
where anything is...

[...]

Just as we have that thought in mind, Alice sneakily walks in front of us with
several pieces of wood... Why the heck do I feel like I’ve seen this pattern
before? Just as I expected, Alice took out a hammer and after hitting the pieces
of wood three times... a stall was created. Looking at the sign, written on it
was “This is the Perfect! Alice-chan’s Special Guide to the Six Kings Festival
\~\~ Complete Edition \~\~”.

...Not bad. Accurately identifying demand and presenting it when everyone wants
it... and I would have no choice but to buy this. But what I’m worried about is
the price... How much is she going to overcharge me now... Looking at her with
trepidation, I saw that she had prepared a wooden tag with a price written on it
this time. And the price written on the wooden tag was...

Kaito-san: 100R per book

Random Riffraff: 100,000R per book

I was paying 10,000 yen per book, while others would have to pay 10 million
yen... That was quite a frightening disparity. No, 10,000 yen per book can be
considered as expensive, but the other pricing is just too much of a rip-off.

[...A-Alice? No matter how I think about it, that’s kinda...]

[No, Miyama-sama. That’s a reasonable price.]

[...Lunamaria-san?]

[Miyama-sama and Phantasmal King-sama is “the best couple in the world”, so the
special price is understandable. But other than that, just the fact that this is
a book written by Phantasmal King-sama is more than worth it. For a complete
guide for the Six Kings Festival... One white gold coin is rather cheap instead.
This is “how great of an existence the Phantasmal King-sama” is.]

[...]

[That’s why Phantasmal King-sama’s price tag set for her partner as the “best
couple”, Miyama-sama, is a special price.]

What is this? I somehow feel like Lunamaria-san is trying to flatter Alice.
She’s also emphasizing that we’re the best couple in the world. A few moments
later, I immediately understood Lunamaria-san’s intentions. After listening to
what Lunamaria-san said, Alice took the wooden tag on which she had written the
price, wrote something on it, and put it back in its original position. The
sentence that was added was...

“Lunamaria-san: 1000R”

...She just boldly gave her a 99% discount, selling an item worth 10 million yen
down for 100,000 yen. It seems like she was very happy with Lunamaria-san’s
compliment. Unnn, as expected of Lunamaria-san... She’s strong. However, I just
thought of something... but if I can do that...

[Hey, Alice... Can I buy several copies?]

[Only for Kaito-san!]

[...Then, I can just “buy copies for everyone” huh...]

[Thank you for the purchase\~\~]

When I muttered this, Alice gave me a big smile, as if she knew the meaning of
my words.

[...You’ve been aiming for this from the start?]

[...I wonder?]

...This bastard. She has been trying to get me to buy them all from the start!
She wrote about prices for other people, but I was her only target from the
start?! It seems like her business skills are growing really fast while she’s
aiming at me huh... I really can’t let my guard down around her.

The Guide for the Six Kings Festival that I received from Alice was so thick
that I wanted to ask if she’s actually giving me a dictionary. Fortunately, all
of us had magic boxes, so we stored them there. Since it would be annoying to
make any more ruckus in front of the gate, we decided to enter.

[They will be checking everyone’s invitation over there. If you are someone’s
companion, please pass through after the invitation holder passes themselves.]

After listening to Caraway-san’s explanation, we headed to the place where there
were people who seemed to be the gatekeepers. It seems like there were a good
number of people checking the invitations, so I didn’t feel like we would wait
too long. Soon, my turn came around ,so I took out the invitation from the magic
box and showed it to the gatekeeper.

[Yes... Eh? Black-rank?! T-This “dull chap” is?!]

[...]

No, it is undeniably true but... Just as the gatekeeper said those words out of
reflex, I heard the sound of shimmering nails behind me. No matter how I think
about it, that could only be Anima. Just as I was about to turn around to stop
Anima, the gatekeeper was blown away with a thunderous roar, and I saw
Pandora-san in the same position where the gatekeeper had been standing a moment
ago.

[...That trash is now removed from the invitation confirmation assignment. Let
him clean the outer wall.]

[Y-Yes!]

After Pandora-san informed another gatekeeper nearby in a cold voice, she
started mumbling.

[...This is why I was against deploying War King-sama’s subordinates. Even
though a job like this requires face-to-face consideration... Even if we force
it, I knew we should have assigned one of our people to Miyama-sama. For a beast
with no manners, how dare he show disrespect to Miyama-sama... Should I have him
chopped to a hundred pieces? No, let’s pulverize him. No, should I go with
poison instead? ...Let’s have him drink so much poison that would make him wish
for his own death... Let’s also pull off all his fingers. Shall we also have a
public execution so that Miyama-sama’s anger will subside a little?]

[...]

...Scary. Pandora-san muttered in a whisper, as if she’s cursing someone. No,
from the atmosphere around her, it feels as if she really is throwing a curse at
him.

[...Now, now, you’re creeping Kaito-san... House.]

[Eh? Ah, wait...]

As I was too stunned to speak to her, Pandora-san was taken away by her
guardian, Alice.

She’s a different kind of scary from Eden-san... Eden-san would wipe someone out
in one shot without any mercy, but Pandora-san would slowly torment them...
She’s someone who should never be offended.

[...I’m sorry for the rudeness, Miyama-sama.]

[Eh? Ah, no... Unnn?]

As I watched Pandora-san being taken away, before I knew it, an unfamiliar
person appeared near me. A woman who wears her long, crimson hair, as red as
blazing flames, in a large braid at the back of her head... A hairstyle that
looks like a scorpion’s tail, and her black upturned eyes looks sharp. A
slit-eyed beauty with a sharp vibe, coupled with a height as tall as
Chronois-san’s, bowed deeply to me and said she was sorry.

[I apologize on behalf of Megiddo-sama for the misbehavior of his subordinate.]

[N-No, I don’t really mind... Umm, that’s why, please... don’t do anything too
brutal to him.]

[Thank you for your generosity.]

[Y-Yes... Errr.]

This woman seemed to be Megiddo-san’s subordinate, but I didn’t recognize her.
She, at least, wasn’t one of the members of the party we had back in Lilia-san’s
garden. As I was wondering who she is... I heard Eta and Theta’s shocked
exclaims from behind me.

[...A-Agni-sama...]

[Mhmm? You two are... Ahh, you’re the twins who were under Bacchus’ command, who
are now serving Miyama-sama, right?]

[Y-Yes!]

[T-That’s right... desu!]

When the woman called Agni spoke to them, Eta and Theta straightened their
backs, clearly looking nervous.

[Fumu, it seems that your magic power has become more refined than before.
That’s good... Keep up the good work.]

[ [ Hahh! ] ]

...Unnn, I can’t follow what they’re talking about at all. As I was thinking
this, Agni-san, perhaps noticing my state, slightly bowed her head again before
speaking.

[Excuse my discourtesy. I haven’t introduced myself yet, have I? My name is
Agni. Megiddo-sama has bestowed upon me the second name “Hell Fire” and the
position of the “Head” of the Five Generals, and I am the one who organizes
Megiddo-sama’s subordinates. It would be my honor if you could keep my name in a
corner of your memory.]

[Errr, I’m Miyama Kaito. P-Pleased to make your acquaintance.]

With one knee on the ground, just like a knight’s salute, Agni-san promptly
introduced herself.

She’s the Head of the Five Generals... Does that mean she’s the most important
person under Megiddo-san’s command? I-I’ve met someone great again... I-Is
Lilia-san not here? She already got in first? Unnn, I guess I would have to
explain this later... I’m sure now. My life would probably be in danger.

[I would like to apologize for the rudeness you’ve experienced today again. My
apologies, but I still have a lot of work to do. We can talk about the details
of other things later.]

[Y-Yes.]

[Well then, if you’ll excuse me. I believe... you two were Eta and Theta?]

[ [ Hahh! ] ]

[Risk your lives to continue to be Miyama-sama’s shield and sword. Even if it’s
only for some time, you’re still considered as Megiddo-sama’s subordinates. If
you were to behave poorly, that would also dishonor Megiddo-sama’s name... Never
forget that.]

[ [ Hahh!!! ] ]

After intimidatingly telling Eta and Theta with her sharp eyes glaring at them,
Agni bowed to me once more before disappearing. Unnn, how should I say this...
It kind of feels like she’s a military captain... She was polite to me because
I’m Megiddo-san’s acquaintance but... Looking at Eta and Theta’s reactions, I
guess she’s usually quite strict and scary.

However, unnn... I’ve just entered the place, and I got caught up in a strange
uproar again... Could it be... am I cursed or something?

[...I see, so trouble like that happened huh... You also met Agni-sama, the head
of the War King-sama’s Five Generals...]

[...Yes.]

[...No more. I just took my eyes off you for a moment, you know? And yet, for
this to happen...]

[Milady, please get a hold of yourself...]

After Agni-san left, I had my invitation checked again and went inside the gate.
When I explained the incident at the gate to Lilia-san and the others who had
joined us, she crouched down with her head in her hands. No, I’m really sorry.

[Miyama-sama is black rank... That means he is the most important guest, right?
If he faced any disrespect, it’s only natural that someone in her position would
come out to apologize.]

[...As for me, I’m fine with just a normal apology though.]

Hearing Caraway-san’s words, my shoulders slumped with my sigh. We got a lot of
attention like that right from the start... If it’s possible, I’d like some
peace and quiet until we reach our accommodations... Hopefully, I hope there
won’t be any more disturbances... I’m praying this to you, Oh God.

(Should I do something?)

No, it’s okay. I’m not praying to you. If you make a move, it will cause even
more trouble than it already is, so please don’t do anything strange.

(Alright.)

Alright, now that’s one troublesome being sealed... Did I really... seal it? It
would be great if that seals the trouble... it’s most probably impossible
though. Well, I’m sure nothing will happen during the walk from here to the
accommodations.

[Oiii\~\~ Kaito-kuuuun\~\~!]

[...]

Can’t you at least give me a little bit more peace and quiet?! Why the heck does
it look like the Underworld King running towards me with a really cute smile,
waving her hand at me?! Or rather, the surroundings were crazily buzzing around,
you know?! What about your Recognition Inhibition Magic?! Don’t tell me... Since
it’s a festival hosted by the Six Kings... You aren’t going to use it? With her
approach, I could feel two kinds of gazes piercing through from the people
around me. Those who ask “Who the heck is that guy?” and those who realized
“Ahh, so it’s that rumored guy...”. This is bad. There are a lot of people here,
right near the gate, so there are a lot of eyes on us.

...I feel like some kind of rare panda in the zoo. Feeling like escaping from
reality, I wave back at Kuro who runs up to me, while the nearby Lunamaria-san
crouches down.

[...How precious.]

...Can someone please take this useless maid to the hospital? She’s holding her
nose while crying, you know... Kuro didn’t care about Lunamaria-san’s reaction
though, as after slowing down a bit when she got close, she hugged me.

[Ehehe, I couldn’t hold back anymore, so I came to see you. Welcome, Kaito-kun!]

[U-Unnn.]

...Cute. She’s just too spectacularly cute. She’s so cute that it erases the
massive amount of stares I received into oblivion. Ah, no, that’s a lie. I’m
still really worried about the stares. Or rather, I can’t endure this
embarrassment I’m feeling anymore.

[...W-Well then, it seems like Kaito-san still has to talk with Underworld
King-sama, so we’ll go ahead...]

[Lilia-san?! You’re abandoning me? Aren’t you just trying to escape from all
this attention by sacrificing me?!]

[...I-It must just be your imagination, you know?]

Her gaze swimming away from me, Lilia-san tried to flee. The others, perhaps
thinking that their lives were in danger if Kuro, who looked really excited,
thought that they were a hindrance, quickly began to move away while I was
complaining to Lilia-san. But then, Kuro unexpectedly let go of her hug on my
body and spoke to Lilia-san.

[Ahh, Lilia-san. Hold on, there’s something I need to get in touch with you
with.]

[Eh? S-Something you need to get in touch with me?]

[Unnn. Well, I could have asked Sha... No Face to tell you this, but since I’m
meeting Kaito-kun here, I’ll just tell you myself.]

When Kuro calls her to a halt, Lilia timidly asks her back, to which Kuro smiles
and pulls out a card about the size of a letter out of nowhere.

[Lilia-chan and the others all have different ranks of invitations, right?]

[Eh, ah, yes.]

[I’m sure you’ve heard that normally, the accommodation changes were different
with each rank... We, the Six Kings, have discussed it, and it was unanimously
decided that we would give you all “special treatment because you know
Kaito-kun”.]

[...I-I-It’s an h-h-h-honor.]

[Unnn. So, I’ve made an accommodation for Lilia-san and the others at the place
written on the card, so everyone can stay there.]

[...Huh?]

When Lilia-san heard Kuro’s wods, her confusion can be clearly seen on her face.
I guess that’s to be expected. The Six Kings just went out of their way to build
a new accommodation facility for everyone...

[Ahh, incidentally, I’ve “arranged about 300 personal servants”, but if they’re
not enough, just let me know, okay?]

[...Ehh?]

[I’ve assigned a skilled chef and prepared the “finest” ingredients, so just
enjoy your time, okay?]

[...]

This is bad, Lilia-san’s mind is on the verge of short-circuiting. I don’t think
she’d expect to be given such VIP treatment by the Six Kings. Stiffening in
place, Lilia-san’s mouth opened and closed like a fish out of the water. I mean,
everyone’s staying over there? What about me...?

[...K-Kuro. Can I also stay over the...]

[No.]

[...Okay.]

It was a strong and unhesitating NO. My shoulders slumped in disappointment, but
words of support came from somewhere unexpected.

[U-Underworld King-sama, with all due respect... Wouldn’t Miyama-kun be
comfortable being together with the others?]

[...E-Even if it’s just for one day or so...]

[...Rei-san, Fia-san...]

Although they’re feeling dwarfed, trying to talk to Kuro, they still advised
Kuro that it would be better if I stayed where everyone else is for the day.
W-What kind people they are. It seems like I had misunderstood Rei-san and
Fia-san until now.

[Hmmm. I’m okay with it, but would everyone really be okay with it?]

[E-Errr, what do you mean by asking if we were okay with it?]

Kuro said she was fine with it, but she had a complicated expression on her face
for some reason. When Rei-san questioned this, Kuro looked over at Lilia-san and
the others before speaking.

[...The place Kaito-kun is staying... “Isis” would also stay over there, you
know?]

[Come on, everyone! The Six Kings have prepared a place for us to stay. Let’s
head over there as soon as possible!]

[Yes, let’s do that!]

...What a brilliant attitude turnover that is. They’re that afraid of Isis-san
huh... wait, thinking about it now, I realized that many of the members here
were the ones who watched “Isis-san exterminate Black Bears”... Lilia-san and
the others also nodded like bobbleheads... U-Unnn. As expected, if they’re this
afraid... I guess I don’t have any choice but to give up on staying where
Lilia-san and the others are staying.

After everyone firmly greeted Kuro, they headed for their accommodations, while
I was heading to the Central Tower with Kuro, who had taken over guiding me from
Caraway-san. Well, putting aside everyone else, I will be staying in that
humongous Central Tower, so I think I can get there without a guide.

[...B-By the way, Kuro? Lilia-san and the other’s accommodations sound amazing
but... Would there also be lots of servants at the place I’m staying at?]

I asked Kuro, who was happily holding my hand and walking with a big smile on
her face. Lilia-san and the other’s accommodation is large enough to house 300
servants... That sounds tremendous enough already, and I’m afraid that the place
I would be staying at would be even more outrageous than that. As expected,
staying alone in a place where there are lots of unfamiliar servants is mentally
taxing for a small commoner like me.

[No. Kaito-kun, the place you’re staying at is looked after by just one person.]

[Eh? Really? That’s a relief but... that’s kinda surprising.]

[It’s just that we wouldn’t need anyone else. “Ein” is exclusively looking after
you after all.]

[Ahhh, unnn. I guess it makes sense now.]

I see, Ein-san would be there huh... With her there, she would certainly not
need any other servants. After all, we’re talking about Ein-san here. Just
Ein-san’s presence over there already guarantees the best treatment in the
world...

[Hey, Kaito-kun.]

[Unnn?]

[After I show you where you’re staying... Do you want to go out with me for a
bit?]

[That’s fine with me, but where are we going?]

[That’s for when we get there!]

Saying that, Kuro smiled like a child who had successfully pulled off a prank,
making her look irresistibly cute. Kuro has been busy preparing for the Six
Kings Festival lately, so to be honest, I’m really looking forward to leisurely
hanging out with Kuro. But, well, if it’s possible, I’d prefer a place where I
don’t attract too much attention...

The Central Tower, just as its name, stands in the center of the city.

The area around it was a huge plaza wide enough that it could house an entire
village. Even though there is still a day before the actual event starts, there
were already a lot of people here. The population of the Demon Realm, where most
of the people are immortals, seems to have a tremendous number, and even though
you could only attend this event by invitation, it seems that a significant
number of people have still gathered.

Kuro leads me into this really huge tower.

[Speaking of which, is this tower going to be used for anything other than the
last day’s party?]

[Yes, this is where my family and the others’ subordinates are staying. However,
the “top 30 floors” are for Kaito-kun’s accommodation.]

[...The size of this place is strange.]

It’s almost as if the whole building is my inn... Seriously, what kind of place
is this? As my mind was filled with both anticipation and anxiety, I walked into
the tower. The first floor was a large lobby with huge magic circles set up here
and there.

[...What are those magic circles?]

[You use them to teleport to each floor. There are so many floors in the Central
Tower that it would be difficult to move around with just stairs.]

[I see... Then, let’s go there...]

[No, no. Kaito-kun will be using the “central magic circle”. That magic circle
is built for Kaito-kun’s exclusive use!]

Whoa there, I’m being subjected to shame play even in this place too? Having to
move to the middle of this wide lobby so that I could use a magic circle that’s
exclusively for me... The treatment was seriously too much of a VIP that I can’t
calm down at all. Feeling the stares pouring down on me again, I walked to the
central magic circle with Kuro... and we finally reached the accommodation space
prepared for me.

[...What is this place? What’s going on?]

[Ehehe, what do you think? Isn’t it amazing?]

[W-Well, rather than about this place being amazing and all that... I’m pretty
sure I’m inside a room, but why can I see the “blue sky”?! Moreover, there’s
even “a huge lake and a boat” over there?!]

[We can also go fishing here!]

When I arrived, I was greeted by a vast grassland and a lake... No, no, this
place is all sorts of strange. And in front of my gaze, there’s that enormous...

[Why the heck is there a “japanese castle” here?!]

[It’s styled just like the castles in Kaito-kun’s world!]

No, no, there’s no one living in castles in my world anymore!!! W-Well, there
might be some few but... Anyway, it’s not just a castle. The area around the
castle was filled with Teleportation magic circles just like the one I had seen
in the lobby, and I can imagine that those magic circles are connected to many
other places.

[...By the way, what are those Teleportation magic circles?]

[Let’s see. There’s the “swimming pool”, “arena”, “shopping district”... They’re
connected to a lot of places! Moreover, the magic circle in the back of the
building can teleport you to various areas of the venue! Also, there’s a magic
circle in your room that teleports you to a hot spring!]

[...That’s too many. I mean, there’s even a hot spring.]

[Unnn. I think you call it a natural hot spring back in your world.]

[And where the heck is its water supposed to come from?!]

Everything is just out of my common sense. Feeling like my head was starting to
ache, I walked along the edge of the lake to the front of the castle. Reaching
the front of the castle, the huge gate opened as if it had sensed my arrival,
and Ein-san appeared from inside.

[Kaito-sama, welcome. As you may have heard, I will be taking care of you from
today until the end of the Six Kings Festival.]

[Ah, yes. I-I will be in your care.]

[Well then, this way please...]

After a polite bow, I followed Ein-san’s invitation to enter the castle, and
when we entered the castle... The hallway looked like a palace.

[The interior is western styled?!]

[Ah, it’s alright. There are tatamis and such inside the rooms.]

[...Unnn. I don’t even know what’s alright anymore...]

Even so, this place is amazing. Every single decoration I see in the hallway
looks absurdly expensive... I was really treated like a state guest, which makes
me strangely nervous. Then, Ein-san showed me around and for some reason, we
ended up seeing the bedroom first.

The bedroom is a tatami room... but it has a bed placed in the middle. Yep.
There’s a bed on the tatami. Let’s not say anything anymore. Also, the bed is
too big. It’s so huge that even Megiddo-san could lie down on it, and it’s on
the level where I don’t know what to do with that kind of space. Also, for some
reason, there’s “four” pillows placed side by side...

[...Hey, Kuro.]

[Unnn?]

[Why are there four pillows?]

[Eh? I mean, one’s for Kaito-kun, one for “me”, one for “Isis” and one for
“Shalltear”!]

[...]

Eh? Why is she acting like it’s so obvious? She just nonchalantly said that the
four of us are going to sleep together... Eh? Seriously? Is that really the
case?

[...I-I don’t think it’s possible but... Are you also going to stay here, Kuro?]

[That’s right though? We’re going to sleep together, so let’s “take a bath
together” again\~\~.]

[...]

She’s trying to kill me. She’s totally trying to wipe out my reason. Being in a
situation like this for 7 days, what the heck am I supposed to do? No, this
isn’t a joking matter here. As I was stunned by the words I heard, Ein-san came
close to me and quietly whispered to my ears.

[...If Kaito-sama so desires, I can also take care of the nightly duties. At
that moment, please feel free to instruct me.]

Why the heck are you participating in the battle?! Stop it please! Don’t whisper
in my ear with that erotic voice of yours! That’s super effective on virgins
like me, you know?! I-I wonder why, but I somehow feel some faint anxiety about
the future... Will I be able to get through the Six Kings Festival in one piece?
