---
toc: true
---

# Serious-senpai's Room: Act 12

In the waiting room, she was reading the 12th Volume of “I was Caught up in a
Hero Summoning, but That World is at Peace” as usual. On the seat opposite her,
although it was unclear how she was doing it in her costume, ? ? ? was sitting,
drinking coffee. After a while, Serious-senpai finished reading the book and
exhaled lightly.

[Fuuuu... Fumu.]

[What’s the matter? Isn’t your reaction too light?]

Normally, after she finished reading a volume, she would give her personal
impressions and complaints in the name of introducing the contents of the
volume, but at the moment, Serious-senpai had a somewhat complicated expression
on her face.

[The first part of the volume is serious, with many additions compared to the
Web Novel, and the final part comes together in what can best be described as a
grand circle. After that, the story takes a heartwarming turn, eventually
leading to the next major arc, the Six Kings Festival... The overall balance is
very good, with a good balance of serious, heartwarming, and lovey-dovey
elements.]

[That’s a good thing, isn’t it? Isn’t it satisfying for Senpai to have serious
developments? Why do you have that complicated expression on your face then?]

[...W-Well, it’s because I can’t complain about the whole thing... that I don’t
have anything to say about it.]

[What a pain in the ass.]

As Serious-senpai, who would normally be clamoring for a serious development,
became dissatisfied that she lost her role in this series when she did get what
she wanted, ? ? ? astoundedly remarked how troublesome she is.

[...Well, putting aside Serious-senpai’s silly thoughts, I have a few questions
in mind...]

[That’s quite outrageous of you to say that... So, what’s your question?]

[Well, including this coffee... Doesn’t it seem like the stuff in this room has
been increasing?]

As she said that, ? ? ? looked around the waiting room and saw that there was
more coffee, other foodstuffs and various other things in the room. Not only
that, the interior also looked as if it had been remodeled, having what appeared
to be a system kitchen installed before she knew it.

[...Was Senpai able to get out of this room?]

[I can’t get out. The door doesn’t open... I mean, if I really could get out of
here, you’d see me over there in the main story.]

This waiting room is a strange room, where “people other than Serious-senpai”
can come and go freely, but no matter how hard she tries, Serious-senpai was
unable to get out because she’s Serious-senpai.

[Right... Then, where did all these items come from?]

[They’re here because someone like a “God of Logistics” has been coming here
recently...]

[God of Logistics?]

[Unnn, “her existence in itself is like a minefield”, but she’s really godlike
when it comes to logistics, and she does straightforwardly listen to my
requests, so my environment here has improved dramatically.]

[...It seems like you met someone good (?) huh.]

[...No, my overall assessment of her is that she’s “a dangerous person with a
screw loose in her head”.]

The reason for the changes in the waiting was the deeds of Makina, who had been
here for the previous two volumes, and was making major renovations with her
omniscient and omnipotent power. For that matter, Serious-senpai is sincerely
grateful... but even if she is grateful, her perception of Makina being a
dangerous person still won’t change.

[...A dangerous person? She’s one of those who calls up others to gang up on
someone?]

[She’s totally on a different level than them! I mean, I’ll say this now, but
rather than me being related to her, she’s more related to you!!!]

[Yes?]

[Even though there would have been some kind of ruckus if you had come while
she’s in here, what the heck is with that clean swapping of you two? Geez,
you’ve already met on the Web Novel, so you don’t need to take such
considerations!]

[...Ahh~~ I see now... I could guess the gist of the situation.]

Within her stuffed costume, ? ? ? , who had guessed who the dangerous person
Serious-senpai was talking about, smiled wryly as she thought of her best
friend, whom she has yet to meet again in the Light Novel.
