---
template: afterword
---

# Afterword

For picking up the 5th Volume of “I was Caught up in a Hero Summoning, but That
World is at Peace”, thank you very much. Now then, I can’t think of what to
write here anymore. I wonder how the other authors think about all that stuff
they write in the afterword? I’m curious.

Now that that’s out of the way, I’d like to talk about the contents of this
volume. Alice is the main focus in this volume, and her true identity has
finally been revealed. I’m sure there are many people who have expected,
especially those who have read the Web Novel, but she’s the Phantasmal King No
Face. Alice is a comical and fun character, and as the author... I think she’s
an easy to handle character. She’s a versatile character who can handle both
comedic and serious situations, so she can be easily deployed in any situation,
making her very useful. She’s very much a heroine to Kaito, a good friend he
could trust, a bad friend he can joke around with, you could say she has a
unique position in the world.

What I’m about to say here was more of an inside story, but the fact is that
Alice was created before Kuro, the protagonist’s main heroine. In fact, Alice
would actually be the protagonist of the story I’m thinking of writing after “I
was Caught up in a Hero Summoning, but That World is at Peace”. If you’ve read
the Web Novel, you may have read about this in the Afterwords, but due to such a
circumstance, Alice has the aspect of “being a protagonist in another novel”.
She’s like a Hero who defeated the Demon Lord, or perhaps, you could say she’s a
character who has already finished her own adventure. I’m not sure when I’ll be
able to write about this, but this series has turned out to be longer than I had
originally anticipated... but I’d certainly like to write about Alice’s
adventures before she met Kaito in my next novel.

I’ve already talked a little about Magnawell, so I’d like to talk about the new
characters, Pandora and Life.

Well, as for Pandora... Even though I’m the author of this novel, I don’t know
how the heck I managed to make her so perverted, and I think her momentum at
that scene was quite terrifying. In fact, she was supposed to be a more decent
character, although she may have an overwhelmingly high loyalty...

As for Life, she’s the last Supreme God who appeared later than the other two.
She’s the God who governs life, having the power to even resurrect the dead and
the authority to govern those with life. Her breast size is the largest in the
series, comparable with Lillywood. She appears to be a gentle, elder sister-type
beauty, but she’s also rather black-hearted.

Regarding Pandora and Life, this volume is almost like an introduction to them,
and I won’t be able to write more about them until later, so I hope you’ll look
forward to it.

Thank you very much for reading this far, and I hope to see you again in Volume
6’s Afterword.
