---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 5: Visit to the Royal Castle

It was the 7th day of the Tree month, one day after my date with Shiro-san. For
some reason though, Shiro-san said “I don’t care what number I am too” just as
we were about to part ways, and although her statement bothers me, I’m sure that
Shiro-san enjoyed our date.

And thus, with events happening in rapid succession, tomorrow, I’ll be heading
to the royal palace with Lilia-san. It seems to be about giving me an apology
for the fact that my invitation wasn’t sent by mistake. I don’t really mind at
all, but it seems that there are various things to consider when it comes to the
country’s prestige and all sorts of stuff, so they’re going to make an apology
in a public area.

[Miyama-san, you’re really getting caught up in various things huh.]

[...Seriously.]

Unexpectedly running into her in the corridor, Kusunoki-san, who was walking
with me, told me with a sigh, while I just replied with a wry smile on my face.

[Kusunoki-san, are you going to the magic school today?]

[Yes, I’m learning various new things, so I’m having fun studying.]

[I see... Well, I’m sure Kusunoki-san will be fine if you just pull yourself
together, but you should still be careful, okay?]

[Yes. Thank you.]

When we were close to the foyer, I exchanged a few light words with Kusunoki-san
before seeing her off. I then headed to Lilia-san’s room, thinking I’d ask her
about tomorrow.

Coming inside Lilia-san’s room, I found that she wasn’t there, and when I asked
one of the servants about it, she said she was headed to the warehouse. It’s not
that what I’m going to talk about is that urgent, but since it’s okay for me to
go there, I decided to head there. I was also a bit curious about the warehouse.

The warehouse is located just outside of the mansion, and I guess it’s to be
expected from a duchy, as the room is very large and spacious inside. I knocked
once, just to be sure... but even when I knocked on the warehouse’s thick door,
there was no answer, so I just opened the door and went inside. The brightly lit
interior is filled with tall shelves lined up so that it would be properly
shined upon by the Illumination Magic Tools, and were quite a sight to behold.

Equipment like swords and armors, something that looks like a carriage’s wheel,
I found all sorts of magic tools and other stuff around as I curiously moved my
gaze around while looking for Lilia-san. No matter how large it was, it was
small compared to the mansion, and I was able to easily find Lilia-san.
Lilia-san was facing a shelf and moving her hands about, seemingly looking for
something rather than organizing it.

[Lilia-san, good morning.]

[Kaito-san? Good morning. Do you need something?]

[Ah, no, I just thought I’d ask you about tomorrow’s schedule... Are you looking
for something?]

[Yes, I’m just looking for a letter from Elder Brother...]

[A letter?]

When Lilia-san sees me, she returns my greeting with a gentle smile. When I
tilted my head when she said she was looking for a letter, Lilia-san somehow had
an amazed expression on her face when she spoke.

[I’m still getting more than 20 letters a month from Elder Brother... And all of
them were just meaningless letters, but even though they’re only filled with his
stupidity, they’re still the King’s letters... So I’ve been telling the servants
to throw them in the storeroom.]

[I-I see.]

[So, I was wondering if there might be something written about this situation,
so I thought I’d check it out for tomorrow... but I wonder where they are?
They’re completely unnecessary items, so it’s supposed to be sitting around here
with the items we’re planning to discard but...]

I’ve already thought of it for a while now, but Lilia-san really has no mercy
for her own brother. She even said it was completely unnecessary, and by the way
she just said it, it’s as if she hasn’t even looked through his letters. Well,
how should I say this... I can clearly sense that she’s really troubled by her
brother’s behavior until now.

It’s true that many of the items on the shelves around here look like bulky
trash, and they don’t seem to be very organized. And out of the corner of my
eye, Lilia-san prepares a high foothold and reaches out to take the box that is
placed high up on a shelf but... It seems like she can’t reach it.

[Lilia-san, would you like me to take it?]

[Eh? Ah, I suppose so... I’m sorry, may I ask you to do that?]

[Yes.]

I’m taller than Lilia-san, so I suggested that because I thought I should be
able to reach it. Lilia-san then asks for my help with a slightly apologetic
look on her face.

[...Unnn? Arehh?]

[Is there a problem?]

[No, I think it’s stuck on something... If I put in some strength, I should be
able to...]

I guess things are pretty squeezed in over there, as when I pulled the box that
Lilia-san was aiming for, it only moved for a bit. But when I pulled with some
force, I was able to move it a little bit, so holding the box with both hands, I
tried pulling it again. It’s a little hard to use my strength to pull something
because I’m standing on a high foothold but... If I just pull a bit more...
wait, doesn’t it look like the stuff placed beside it were also pulled along
with the box... Isn’t this bad?

The moment I think about that and try loosening the strength of my grip, the box
slipped out so quickly that I was wondering how come I was struggling to pull it
a few minutes ago, but I, who had managed to pull the box away from the shelf,
was just standing on tiptoes before and ended up greatly losing my balance.

[Uwaaahhh?! Gehh, this box is heavy?!]

[Kaito-san?!]

I still somehow managed to regain my posture, but the box I pulled out was much
heavier than I had imagined, and my wobbly legs slipped off the foothold. The
sight of the panicking Lilia-san rushing up to catch me as I fell seemed like
things were moving in a slow-motion, and with a loud crash, I fell.

[Ouch... Kaito-san?! Are you alright?]

[...Ah, yes, I’m alr...]

[ [ ?! ] ]

I must have fallen from a fairly high spot, but thanks to Lilia-san catching me,
my body isn’t in pain, and just as I was trying to reply to Lilia-san, who was
calling out to me with concern... I stiffened. Catching me was just a spur of
the moment, as it seems Lilia-san couldn’t catch me and also fell over... We
ended up in a position where I was covering Lilia-san, who was lying on her
back, with me on top of her, and Lilia-san’s face was surprisingly close to
mine.

[...]

[...]

Beautiful golden hair with a hint of elegance, blue eyes as beautiful as
sapphires... The blond-haired, blue eyed beauty in front of my eyes is the very
same Lilia-san.

[...U-U-U-Ummm?! K-K-K-Kaito-san?!]

[ I-I’m sorry?! I’ll immediately mo—Ehh?]

As I was unconsciously gazing at Lilia-san’s beautiful face, I came to my senses
when she spoke to me, her face turning red, and so, I tried to quickly move away
from being on top of Lilia-san... but for some reason, my body won’t move. I had
a bad feeling about it, so when I moved my head and turned around... There were
several items that must have fallen off the shelves and they were now stacked on
top of each other, and underneath that pile of items were my feet.

[...Lilia-san... Errr... I can’t move.]

[Eeeehhhh?!]

[No, it’s just that there were things that fell on my feet...]

[Eh? ...I-Indeed... Or rather, even my feet are also...]

Fortunately, there seemed to be some gaps in between and my feet weren’t crush
beneath those stacks of items, but there seemed to be something heavy weighing
above my knees, and not only could I not move my body at all, even when I tried
pulling my legs out, they seem to be stuck on something and I couldn’t pull them
out. It seems that is also the case for Lilia-san, as she now has a pale
expression on her face.

[...Lilia-san, ummm, it’s so heavy I can’t move my legs even if I put all my
strength into it... What is that?]

[It’s a large bathtub-shaped magic tool. It’s quite old, so I thought of
disposing it...]

[Why do you keep such a heavy thing so high up above a shelf...]

[Almost all of them were just randomly put away... After this, I’ll sternly tell
them off about this.]

I see, I’m not good at Body Strengthening Magic, so I haven’t thought of it that
way, but for people who can use Body Strengthening Magic well, that means it’s
easy for them to lift something this heavy... Wait, if that’s the case!

[Then, Lilia-san, can’t you lift it up with your feet?]

[...It’s possible but... in this position, I might end up kicking Kaito-san’s
leg and injure you.]

[I don’t really mind.]

[Well, I do mind! That’s no good! I can’t do that!]

In our position, my legs are crossed over Lilia-san’s legs, and it’s true that
if Lilia-san were to use her strength in this situation, she might hurt me
but... I suggested that it’s fine for me since we can get out of here, but
Lilia-san vigorously shook her head. Well, considering the gentle Lilia-san’s
character, she won’t use any means that might hurt me... but then, what should
we do?

[...Ummm, Lilia-san. That fall just now should have made quite a loud sound,
right?]

[...This warehouse is under a powerful Barrier Magic, so no sound can leak out.]

[...Errr, what should we do then? That’s right, how about using Teleportation
Magic?]

[No, Teleportation Magic also transfers the objects that are touching our bodies
at the same time, so teleporting won’t change the situation.]

I thought about using Teleportation Magic to escape, but it seems like that
doesn’t work. No, if we were to teleport somewhere that people would be able to
easily find us, teleporting certainly would be effective... but being seen in
this position feels embarrassing, and for Lilia-san, a Duchess, being seen in a
situation like this wouldn’t be good for her reputation.

Other than that, perhaps, could I store the things on my lap in my magic box?
No, that won’t work. To bring stuff into my magic box, I need to directly touch
them with my hand. Whether it’s because of my position or my posture, my hands
are unable to reach the luggages in question. No, even more than that, there’s a
chance that if I were to bring one of those items into my magic box, an
avalanche of items may collapse on us. That being the case, we can’t use that
method either... We’re at a stalemate.

[...After an hour passes, Luna will probably look for us... so we’ll just have
to wait for that.]

[An hour?!]

Staying in this position for an hour?! T-That’s bad. Because currently, I’m
lifting my upper body with my arms so that I don’t weigh on top of Lilia-san,
and to put it simply, it’s like being in a position where I’m about to start
doing pushups. No, I might be in a harsher position instead since I can’t fully
move everything down my knees... And for me to be in this state for an hour?!
Rather than it being difficult, that’s definitely impossible!

To be frank, I’m one of the people with the lowest muscle strength in my
generation, and even now, my two arms are already trembling. To endure being in
this situation for an hour, that’s definitely reaching the limits of being a
self-challenge... After this, I may not be able to lift my arm tomorrow.

No, it’s true that considering Lilia-san’s position, I understand that it’s
better to have Lunamaria-san help so that the situation won’t turn ugly, so I
suppose I’ll have to try my best here...

[...Kaito-san. Please relax yourself.]

[...Eh?]

[That position must be quite painful, isn’t it? Please, just lean on me.]

[E-Errr, but...]

Seeing me looking like I’m in pain, Lilia-san suggests that I relax my arms and
lean on her.

[It’s okay. Even if I’ve already quit the Knight Order, I’m still pretty sturdy,
so carrying a person of Kaito-san’s weight feels nothing to me.]

[No, but that would be too close...]

[Please don’t say it! I’m trying not to think about it, you know?!]

[I-I’m sorry.]

Reacting to my words, Lilia-san shouted while her face turned bright red. T-That
reaction of her makes me strangely aware of it, or rather, it’s making me very
nervous.

[...Errr, ummm... Is it alright?]

[...Yes.]

Even though I could only resent my uselessness, my arms were pretty close to
their limits, so I reaffirmed with Lilia-san, to which she gave me a small nod
while hiding her face. Slowly, I relaxed my hands and brought them over
Lilia-san. Feeling the soft bulges touching my chest, my heart greatly jumped,
and at the same time, I smelled her gentle and reassuring scent.

Laying on Lilia-san’s delicate body, it felt as if our bodies were perfectly
glued against each other, our arms, chest... and feeling Lilia-san’s body heat
all over my body, I felt my face immediately turn boiling red. Lilia-san seemed
to be embarrassed too, as she turned her face away from me... turning her bright
red ears towards me.

The feeling of the cold floor in my hands was overridden by the warmth I feel in
my body.

I can hear the faint sound of Lilia-san’s breath in my ears, and my nerves are
so tense to the point where I can even feel her chest rise and fall with each of
her exhales. The heartbeats I’m feeling are incredibly loud, and thinking about
the fact that it’s definitely being transmitted to Lilia-san as well, makes me
feel even more embarrassed.

It’s just... the loud heartbeats I feel aren’t just mine.

I wonder if Lilia-san is as tense as I am, as I can feel her heart beating quite
quickly from her chest that is touching mine.

I’m currently draped over Lilia-san’s body while looking to my right, and she’s
facing the opposite direction from me, so I can’t see her face, but when she’s
this close to me that I can even hear her breathing, I can’t calm down. It’s not
that I’m feeling uncomfortable being in this situation with her, but feeling the
vaguely oppressive silence, I was feeling a little ashamed of myself.

Seriously, I’ve always been causing trouble to Lilia-san, and even when I’m
thinking of helping her out a little bit, something like this happens... I’m
really sorry about that.

I don’t know if it’s because of the silence that dominates the area, but as I
feel like I’m unable to endure being silent anymore, I spoke out the thoughts
that are bubbling up from within me.

[...Lilia-san.]

[Y-Yes?!]

[...I’m sorry for the trouble I’ve always caused you.]

[...Eh?]

Hearing the words I said, the nervous Lilia-san... for some reason, had a
wondering expression on her face.

[Did Kaito-san ever bother me?]

[...Ehh?]

Her voice doesn’t sound like she’s teasing me, as if she’s really wondering what
I’m talking about.

...Why did Lilia-san react like that? Could it be that I’ve knocked her out that
bad that she had amnesia?!

[...Kaito-san?]

[I-I’m sorry?!]

Calling me out right at that time, as if she could see through what I’m
thinking, I reflexively apologized. Thereupon, as if she somehow found something
funny, Lilia-san laughs.

[Fufufu, what’s the matter, Kaito-san? You’ve just been apologizing for a while
now, you know?]

[...No, look... It’s not like I’m doing it on purpose, but I’ve been getting to
know a lot of people, getting caught up in all sorts of situations, and I’ve
been troubling Lilia-san...]

[That’s right, isn’t it? Geez, Kaito-san, you’ve really been surprising me with
things that are way more than I can handle, troubling me with various things,
and making me really worry.]

[Ugghhh, I’m sorry.]

When I heard the thoughts of the person in question once again, I felt even more
apologetic. After hearing me apologize for the third time, Lilia-san was silent
for a few moments... before she replied to me with a gentle tone.

[...However, I never thought of that as bothering me... not even once, you
know?]

[...Eh?]

[I never felt displeased with Kaito-san. I also never felt disadvantaged by
Kaito-san.]

[...Why?]

I always thought I was always being a nuisance to Lilia-san. I’ve made her faint
many times, made her cry many times... but Lilia-san told me that I wasn’t a
nuisance, that she was never displeased with me.

[Of course, if Kaito-san had been maliciously pestering me or enjoyed bothering
me, I might have been displeased... but that’s not the case, right?]

[Yes.]

[Then, there’s no reason for me to feel troubled by Kaito-san.]

[...]

This person really is too kind even among the kind people I know.

[...All those surprising stuff, and things that would make me angry... Please
pardon me from that. I’m not a flawless human. I would sometimes get angry, and
sometimes, I would even cry.]

[Yes.]

[Also, Kaito-san is troubling me all the time. Yes, seriously... I’d appreciate
it if you could have at least given me some time before you make a ruckus again.
This way, my stomach could at least hold it... I even feel like I’ve lost
weight.]

[Ugghhh, I-I’m sorr—?!]

With a teasing tone, Lilia-san started complaining to me, and just as I was
about to apologize again, Lilia-san’s hand went around my back and she gently
embraced me. As I feel Lilia-san’s heartbeat more intensely and closely than
before, I heard her calm voice resound in my ear.

[However... if you ask me if I like or hate Kaito-san... I’ll say I like you.]

[...Lilia-san?]

[...You really are a troublesome person. You won’t even let me become the calm
and composed Duchess I’m trying to be. You are absurd, a menace in various
ways... And yet, you are always kind, warm and caring. There’s no way... that I
would hate you like that.]

[...]

Those were not lies nor falsehoods, they’re words showing her true feelings.
Lilia-san’s words, which she gently told me, warmly and gently sunk into my
heart. I can sincerely feel that it was really good that the person who summoned
me was this person... As feelings of gratitude that are close to happiness
spreads through my heart.

[...Well, but can you please take it easy for a bit? I’ve really had enough
so...]

[I’ll do my best.]

[...That kind of makes me feel uneasy.]

[...Haha.]

[...Fufu.]

The both of us chuckled. The feeling that my heart was closer to Lilia-san than
it was somehow earlier makes me feel very happy. Saying words of gratitude
rather than words of apology... Such thoughts began to dwell in my heart.

[Ummm, Lilia-san?]

[Yes? What is it?]

[ ]

Thinking that I wanted to say my thanks to Lilia-san, I turned my face, which
had been turned to the right towards Lilia-san, but as if it was arranged
beforehand, Lilia-san also turned her face towards me at exactly the same
time... And our eyes met, closer than ever before.

[...Li-Lilia-san...]

[...Kai...to-san...]

We are so close that we can feel each other’s breaths. I should be so
embarrassed that I would immediately look away, but I can’t turn my gaze away
from those breathtaking blue eyes. My voice calling out Lilia-san’s name
naturally leaks from my mouth, and she calls out my name as well. Her glossy,
soft lips, blushing red cheeks, and her beautiful eyes, shaking from agitation,
but not diverting away from mine... All of them are so sensational.

A second passed in silence that felt like eternity... Lilia-san gently closed
her eyes... and immediately after that, I heard the sound of footsteps.

[...Ah.]

[ [ Ehh? ] ]

When I heard a voice, I moved my gaze along with Lilia-san who opened her
eyes... and there was Lunamaria-san standing there with an awkward expression on
her face. It seems that she noticed that Lilia-san hadn’t returned earlier than
she expected and came to look for her.

[...It seems that I’m intruding. Please excuse me... I’ll come back after
“around 2 hours”.]

[Wait?! W-Wait right there, Luna! It’s a misunderstanding!!!]

[...Spring has finally arrived for Milady, this Lunamaria can’t help but cry in
tears of joy.]

[Can you listen to me?! It’s a misunderstanding!!! Quickly help us out here!!!]

At Lunamaria-san’s words which she said in a matter-of-fact manner, Lilia-san
turned as red as a boiled octopus while shouting towards Lunamaria-san. However,
the other party is that Lunamaria-san. Even if she can clearly see the situation
we’re in right now, she remained calm and treated Lilia-san’s angry voice as if
it was just a breeze.

[...Miyama-sama, Milady is the type who is weak at being pressed forward. If you
ask her hard enough, she’ll agree to most of the plays you can think of, you
know?]

[ \~ \~ ?!?! ]

[Oi, stop right there, you useless maid...]

She’s obviously having fun watching our situation... I don’t know why of all the
people here in this mansion, she’s the one who came to help... In this case, I
have no choice but to use that method.

[...Lunamaria-san, please help me.]

[Please stop joking... Interfering with people’s love is something I...]

[If you don’t help me, I’ll tell Kuro that Lunamaria-san is bullying me.]

[I will rescue you two as soon as possible!!!]

Lunamaria-san, who immediately shifted to zealot mode, rescued us in a matter of
seconds.

It doesn’t look like we received any injuries but... Lilia-san, as soon as she
was rescued, held her bright face in her hands and left the warehouse with a
terrific speed. Indeed, even if we were rescued already, being seen in that kind
of situation would make me feel heat rise up on my face. Lunamaria-san said that
she would sort out the arrangement of the warehouse later, so I decided to walk
off the warehouse too... Returning to my room, still feeling the heat on my face
that had not yet cooled.

---

Lilia was sitting in the corner of her room, with her face blushing red and her
head covered with her hands.

[Uuuuuhhhh... Luna, you idiot...]

[Hmmm. That was quite disappointing, wasn’t it? If I had been a few seconds
later, I might have been able to see Lili’s memorable first kiss.]

[Wha?! L-L-Like I said, didn’t I tell you that it’s a misunderstanding?!
K-K-Kaito-san and I aren’t in t-t-that kind of relationship!]

Lilia, with her face still bright red, frantically screams at Lunamaria, who was
speaking to her with a teasing tone. While looking at such a Lilia with a smile,
Lunamaria speaks again.

[But if, for example... if Miyama-sama had tried to kiss you over there... You
would have accepted it, right?]

[?!?!?!]

[Fufufu, Lili, you’re really easy to understand.]

[L-Luna!!!]

As if Lunamaria’s statement hit right at the bull’s eye, Lilia’s originally red
face reddened even more as she felt like smoke was about to come out of her
ears.

[Isn’t it alright though? Haven’t I been telling you about it for a long time
already? That Miyama-sama, for the unlucky in love Lili, is someone who rarely
appears in Lili’s life... and he’s “the right one”.]

[N-No, b-b-but what about K-K-Kaito-san’s feelings and t-t-there are also all
sorts of stuff to think about...]

[That means, that the problem isn’t on Lili’s side then?]

[ \~ \~ \~ ?!?! ]

Hearing Lunamaria’s words, Lilia looked like she had reached her limit, as she
opened her mouth in response, but no words came out.

Seeing her easy-to-read master like that, Lunamaria chuckled again.

[...Well, at the rate things are going, it seems like it would take some time
before some progress can be made... Well, starting to be aware of it is already
a step forward... I will be rooting for you.]

---

At night, in the room that I became completely familiar with, I had a slightly
troubled look on my face.

[Muuuuuuuu...]

[No, like I said, I don’t think the King had any ill intentions.]

Kuro, who is puffing out her cheeks like a squirrel in front of me, still looks
unconvinced as she turns her eyes to me. The reason why I’m in this situation is
that I wanted to alleviate Kuro’s bad impressions of the Symphonia Kingdom
before our visit to the royal palace that is coming up tomorrow.

As far as I’m concerned, I really don’t care at all, and there’s no need for him
to apologize but... Since I heard that apologizing has a lot to do with the
country’s prestige, I decided to go to the royal palace. I’ll receive an apology
from the king at that time, but if I can, I’d like to resolve the other aspects
as well. And one of those issues is... Kuro.

According to Lunamaria-san, since that incident, Kuro started to hate the royal
palace and doesn’t come close to it at all, so the king’s position in the royal
palace has considerably deteriorated. So, I asked Kuro, who came over tonight as
usual, to drop the matter when the king apologizes to me tomorrow, and the
result is... this squirrel in front of me.

[...I hate that king for bullying Kaito-kun.]

[No, I’m not being bullied. You see, it’s just that it happened on a short
notice and they accidentally didn’t include me in the arrangements.]

[Muuuuu...]

Apparently, Kuro is quite angry about that matter, even though it didn’t bother
me at all, and it’s quite hard to convince her. No, her anger is just something
I felt... All I can see when I look at her is a squirrel stuffing her mouth with
nuts, so I don’t feel any anxiety from her anger at all, and all I can think
about is just how cute she is...

[I’m really glad that Kuro is getting angry for me but... I don’t really care
about that at all, or rather, I’m quite grateful to the king instead.]

[...Grateful?]

[Ah, unnn. You see, since the king didn’t send me that invitation, I could have
that barbecue with Kuro and the others.]

Yes, that’s how I truly felt. Because I didn’t get invited to that evening
party, I was able to have barbecue with Kuro... and thanks to the conversation I
had with Kuro at that time, I was able to move forward. If it wasn’t for that
conversation, I don’t think the happy days I have now would have ever come true.

Of course, the one I’m most grateful for is Kuro, but I’m also glad that the
incident that gave me the opportunity to do so happened.

[...That’s why, even though I’m being selfish, I don’t want Kuro to be harsh on
the royal castle about that matter...]

[...Muuu...]

[So, I thought I’ll talk to you instead... Won’t you forgive them?]

[...]

Hearing what I said, Kuro was silent for a while befores she let out a big sigh.

[...I understand. If Kaito-kun says that much, then I will forgive them.]

[Thanks, Kuro!]

[I’m just saying this here, I only forgave them because Kaito-kun asked me.]

[Unnn. Still, I’m really glad. Thanks.]

[Aauuuh...]

When I thanked Kuro when she said she would forgive the king, with her cheeks
slightly blushing, Kuro just silently looked at me with a troubled expression on
her face. As my heart was beating fast while looking at Kuro like that, I
remembered something and opened my mouth.

[Ah, that’s right. Kuro, on the 30th day of the Tree month... Do you have any
free time in your schedule?]

[Ehh? Ah, yes. I think I’m free around that time?]

[Then, on that day... Errr, you see, on that day, it would be exactly three
months since I met Kuro, right?]

[U-Unnn. You’re right.]

[Ah, it’s not like I’m saying that it’s just because of that day but, errr,
ummm... How should I say this... W-W-Would you go out on a d-d-date with me?]

[...Eh?]

I was so nervous that I’m even stuttering, but I somehow managed to tell her
what I wanted to say. I don’t know if the words I said were something she didn’t
expect or not, but Kuro’s golden eyes opened wide as she turned towards me.

[Errr, you see, back then... Didn’t I promise to you that I would ask you out
next time?]

[U-Unnn.]

[That’s why, ummm, I’ve checked out lots of things so that I can properly escort
you on that day... S-So, if Kuro’s fine with it... Ummm...]

My voice is getting smaller and smaller. How nervous am I?! Am I just a middle
schooler in puberty to get this nervous?! I was incredibly nervous, cold sweat
was running down my back, and I felt like I’m being tortured in the flames of
hell while waiting for Kuro’s reply.

[...Kaito-kun invited me on a date... Ehehe, I’m so glad.]

[?!]

Her cheeks dyed red, Kuro slightly looked down as a bashful smile appeared on
her lips, making her look so cute that it could have killed a person with a
heart attack already, and being the one who received its direct attack, I felt
my heart jump louder than ever before.

Thereupon, putting her index fingers against each other in front of her face,
Kuro spoke with a small voice.

[...Unnn. I want to go on a date with Kaito-kun.]

[...Ahh... I-In that case...]

[Unnn! I’ll be looking forward to you escorting me, Kaito-kun.]

[...Yeah.]

Seeing Kuro who had a big smile on her face, I firmly nodded, feeling grateful
for the happiness of seeing that smile up close and personal.

---

The 8th day of the Tree month... In the royal palace in the capital of the
Symphonia Kingdom, there were currently many servants running around. All the
servants serving the royal palace have gathered today, and they are preparing
for a thorough hospitality, as if they’re about to welcome a state guest.

Today, Kaito is coming to the royal palace.

With the rumors circulating around that he was close to the Underworld King,
having connections with the world’s pinnacle beings like the Death King and the
World King, and there are even world-shaking rumors about how he’s acquainted
with the God of Creation herself, they’re currently in a situation where no
disrespect could be tolerated.

Even the King himself, Ryze, also woke up even before the sun rose and took
command in receiving Kaito. Without any hesitation, he intends to offer a
sincere public apology to Kaito. However, Ryze currently had a sour look on his
face in the audience room. Staring at the person standing in front of him with
his sharp eyes, as if he’s forcibly wringing it out of his mouth, he uttered.

[...Where have you heard it... you vixen...]

[Oh dear? What are you talking about? I only came here to your castle because I
had to go somewhere nearby, so I thought of having a meeting with you regarding
the Festival of Heroes while I’m here. Ahh, I’m sorry for the delay, but I
apologize for the unexpected visit. King Ryze.]

[...I see, I see... For coming all the way out here, I can’t thank you enough,
“Emperor Chris”...]

Dressed in a simple but beautiful ceremonial attire, Chris gives him a serene
smile, and Ryze replies to her with a forced smile.

[Good gracious. I didn’t expect you would have a prior engagement though... I
guess I’ve intruded upon you at the wrong time.]

[No, no, that’s not true. If it’s just a simple meeting, we can finish it right
now... I’m sure Emperor Chris would also like to return to your country as soon
as possible after all.]

[Thank you for your concern. But that’s okay. We are the ones who made the
unexpected visit, and I can’t let you change your plans because of me. “I will
wait until you have finished your prior engagement”.]

[ I-I-Is that so?! W-Well then, I will have a room ready for you.]

Hearing what Chris said with the serene smile still on her face, Ryze replies to
her with a forced smile, though it seems like a vein has popped out of his
forehead. If one were to just look at their expressions and the words they
speak, they would think the two of them were having a peaceful conversation, but
the atmosphere between the two sides was tense, and their gazes that clashed
with each other even seemed to be sparking.

[No, I can’t possibly trouble you with that. I will just “become a spectator”
and “observe in the corner of the room”... It’s not like the contents of your
conversation are classified, right?]

[...Y-You little... vixen...]

That would mean that Chris is telling him that she will observe Ryze’s apology
in the audience room, making Ryze grit his teeth in response. It was obvious
from the beginning that that’s what she came here for... but the other party is
an Emperor. There’s no way he can just flatly send her away. Seeing Ryze like
that, Chris bows with a smile on her face, and turning her back away from Ryze,
she begins walking.

After taking some distance away from Ryze, she mutters in a small voice that
Ryze couldn’t hear.

[...Rest assured, for seeing you do that is just something incidental... I just
wanted an excuse to meet Miyama-sama... It’s really troubling how we’re living
in completely different countries. It’s making it difficult to make my
approach...]

With a smile that seems to hide her emotions, Chris’s cheeks are slightly dyed
red.

[Miyama-sama... For whatever reason, you still reply to my letters... You really
are a dreamy gentleman.]

---

After being rocked by the carriage for a while and making sure that the carriage
stopped, I alighted the carriage with Lilia-san and found myself in front of a
majestic large gate. And beyond that gate, there I found a building that really
looked like a medieval castle.

[I could usually see it from a distance as well, but looking at it from up
close, it really feels like what a royal castle would be huh.]

[Yes, it may have been something I’ve grown accustomed to see, but I guess this
is unusual for Kaito-san.]

Currently, I have come to the royal castle to receive an apology from the king.
Personally, I was faintly hoping that this apology would just end with a
light-hearted exchange of “I’m sorry” and “It’s fine, don’t worry about it”
but... Unfortunately, it doesn’t seem like it would be the case.

When the big gate was opened, knight-like people neatly lined up on either side
of the road, showing us the path, and it was no exaggeration to say that the
atmosphere around me exactly feels like they’re welcoming a state guest. It
seems that the one dressed in the most beautiful armor among the surrounding
knights will be guiding me and Lilia-san.

While I’m surprised by the scene that looks like it came right out of anime, we
proceed down the corridor and arrive at a large open room... the audience room.
Inside are all the people who seem to be the nobles of this country, and it
certainly is quite an unsettling sight.

...wait, arehh? I think I just saw someone who wasn’t supposed to be here...
I-Is it just my imagination?

And ahead of my sight, there was a man dressed in a luxurious outfit with short,
slightly deep-colored gold hair slicked behind his back. The man with blonde
hair like Lilia-san’s, but with red eyes that are different from Lilia-san’s,
looks more solidly built than what I thought, but he is definitely the king of
this country. From what I’ve heard from Lilia-san, he’s supposed to be much
older than her but... He looks young enough that I would have believed it even
if he said he’s in his twenties.

[Welcome to the royal palace, Miyama-sama. Thank you for taking the time to
visit us.]

[Ah, n-no, it’s my pleasure, thank you for the invitation.]

When I reach the center of the room with Lilia-san, the king slowly stands from
his throne and descends to be in the same level as me before he spoke. His voice
is somewhat solemn and dignified, and I can’t help but straighten up and return
his greeting.

[I’m Symphonia Kingdom’s King, Ryze Lia Symphonia XVIII. Pleased to be your
acquaintance.]

[Ah, yes. I-I’m Miyama Kaito.]

[Now then, please excuse my rudeness, but let’s end the brief greetings and head
straight to the real issue at hand.]

[Y-Yes!]

Perhaps due to being exposed to many gazes, I was quite nervous while replying
to him. He’s Lilia-san’s brother, His Majesty, the King, who Lunamaria-san
sometimes mentions in our conversations? He’s not quite what I had imagined.

He didn’t like me, and this time, he had no choice but to apologize to me
because Lillywood-san told him so... is what I honestly thought he would be
like... but he doesn’t seem like that kind of person. Just as I was thinking
about this, his Majesty, the King dropped down to his knees on the ground and
bowing deeply, he spoke.

[The fact that the invitation was not delivered to Miyama-sama before is all my
fault, please accept my sincere apologies... I’m really sorry.]

[Eh? Ah, yes... E-Errr, p-please raise your head. For my part, I’m not really
bothered by it, but your apology was duly received.]

Hmmm, this really isn’t what I was expecting. I thought he would say some kind
of lengthy explanation about how they made a mistake and accidentally didn’t
send me an invitation... But His Majesty, the King’s apology was a
straightforward one that didn’t have any excuses, and that’s why I could firmly
feel his sincerity.

![Insert 5](../../_Images/v05/Insert5.png#.insert)

Anyway, I wasn’t the least bit bothered about it from the start, so I told him
that I accepted His Majesty, the King’s apology. I’m the protagonist here, and
it’s my own decision to easily forgive him, so there was no complication in the
conversation, and after His Majesty, the King deeply bowed once again, the
apologies came to an end.

[...That was unexpected. I didn’t expect Elder Brother to apologize so
sincerely. I thought he would lead the conversation to how it was some kind of
mistake.]

[Hmmm. I kind of felt like he was different from what I’d heard too...]

[I guess even if he’s a foolish brother of mine, he’s still the king in a way.]

Lilia-san and I exchange some words as we walk down the wide corridor. Today,
Lilia-san and I are going to spend the night at the royal palace, and we are in
the middle of heading to the room that has been prepared for each of us. And
after that, I’ll be going to greet Lilia-san’s parents... the former king and
queen. After meeting the King, I’m now meeting the former King... It’s
unsettling because I feel like I’m meeting only with distinguished people, but
according to Lilia-san, her parents are friendly and kind.

However, along the way, a certain messenger appeared who wanted to talk to me.
Since the other party was “that person”, Lilia-san also had a hesitant look on
her face when she heard what the messenger said, so after she quickly checked
with the former King and queen that it’s okay for us to visit them later, I
ended up heading straight to have a talk with that person.

To be honest, when talking about that person... I was filled with desire to
refuse, but since we’re in this kind of place, if I refused here, Lilia-san
would be in trouble. Feeling a little sluggish, I move to the room prepared for
us, and after knocking on the door, I enter after being given permission to
enter.

[Hello, Miyama-sama. I apologize for suddenly calling out to you.]

[Ah, no, it’s been a while. Chris-san.]

When I entered the room, the person who greeted me was Chris-san, whom I had met
earlier in the Archlesia Empire and someone who I’m rather uncomfortable with.
Maybe it was out of consideration for me, or it may have just been one of her
traps like she usually has, but there was no one else in the room except
Chris-san.

[I know Miyama-sama already had something planned, and I’m also feeling guilty
for it... but I can’t stay here too long, so I wanted to meet Miyama-sama while
I still have the time.]

[...Is that so?]

[Yes, this maiden’s heart couldn’t handle the longing of not being able to see
the gentleman I love.]

[...]

How the heck is this person so brazen about this... I really can’t let down my
guard against her. While shaking hands with Chris-san, who held out her hand to
me, I was still dumbfounded that Chris-san was still the same as always, when
she leaned in closer to me with a swift, spontaneous movement.

[What do you think? I thought I’d be able to meet Miyama-sama today, so I’ve put
on a bit of makeup, which I don’t usually do... Does it make me look more
feminine?]

[Ah, y-y-yes. I think you’re very beautiful.]

[Thank you. Please, feel free to touch my face... If Miyama-sama wishes, we can
make time for some alone time to get to know each other... Look, there’s a bed
over there, we can talk over there...]

Like I said before, can you not nonchalantly use your seductive techniques every
time we meet?! She’s the type of person who would frequently send these “love
letters” to me that looks like they would eat me out alive. She’s someone who
could really drag me down to hell if I just let my guard down for a bit.

[I would have to refuse.]

[Oya? I got rejected again huh, what a shame.]

Hearing what I said, Chris-san quickly let go of me and chuckled.

I’m really not good at dealing with her. Rather than her being difficult to deal
with, it’s more like she knows what the inexperienced me is weak at and she’s
attacking me in that direction, and that’s why I think she’s dangerous.
Moreover, her behavior is exquisite, and her letters were all handwritten by
her, so it’s kind of hard for me to ignore them, and even when we just met, she
just nonchalantly made it just the two of us in here... If I’m really not
careful with her, I may wake up having done something irreversible.

[Now then, Miyama-sama. Changing the subject, I observed what happened earlier
in the audience room.]

[Eh? Ah, yes.]

[Symphonia’s King is quite the troublesome one, isn’t he? It’s unforgivable for
a king to put his personal feelings before looking at his position, and even
cause trouble for Miyama-sama... Harassing Miyama-sama just because he didn’t
like you, if you ask me, that’s rudeness that mustn’t be forgiven.]

[...]

I wonder what that is? I’m still feeling there’s something strangely out of
place, but I’m not sure why.

[Miyama-sama must have been quite troubled living in the land ruled by such a
king? If you would like, you could come to our country...]

[...Is that really the case though?]

[...Oya?]

[Is His Majesty, the King really harassing me... just for the reason that he
doesn’t like me?]

[...]

My Sympathy Magic is probably the greater reason as to why I’m not clear on this
right now.

The apology just now... That was truly an apology that came from his heart. The
emotions I feel from His Majesty, the King are a deep and sincere apology... and
regret? Anyway, I’m pretty sure that it wasn’t a superficial apology.

[It’s just my hunch but... I think His Majesty, the King was eventually going to
apologize to me, even if this incident didn’t really happen.]

[...Hoohhhh... Well, the previous matter may have just been something that
happened after “he lost his presence of mind”. The position of the otherworlders
are quite difficult to measure. The previous matter probably could have been an
act of impulse, and he had seriously regretted it.]

Of course, there is the difference between doing it publicly and privately, but
I think His Majesty, the King was originally planning to apologize to me. In
fact, it may have been just as Chris-san said and he had regretted it, as after
that evening party, he hasn’t harassed me in any particular way... And it was
different from the image I had of how Lunamaria-san talked about him.

[My guess is that he probably sent you an immediate apology in a “personal
letter” rather than a letter addressed as a king?]

[...Hmmm... Ahh... that letter may have been thrown in the warehouse without
even checking who the letter is addressed to.]

[Oh my...]

Chris-san tells me that he may have sent me a letter right after that incident,
but I don’t remember seeing such a letter. Thereupon, I thought of the more than
20 letters that are sent to Lilia-san every month... It may have been mixed in
with those letters as they’re addressed with His Majesty, the King’s personal
name. I mean, even Lilia-san didn’t know where she was putting them away, and it
felt like she hadn’t checked the contents of the letter, so it may have really
been mixed in among those... Somehow, I’m starting to feel a bit sorry for His
Majesty, the King. Thinking about it, other than the letters signed by the
country itself, I’ve never seen a letter from His Majesty, the King even reach
Lilia-san’s hand.

Thinking about it like this, I’m starting to feel a little pity for His Majesty,
the King, and Chris-san smiled at me.

[...I guess I should say that it’s to be expected from Miyama-sama? You have
good eyes that can see through the true nature of a person.]

[Eh? What does that mean...]

[If you were to ask me, that man is a “snake”. Even with the fair amount of time
I’ve known him, I can say that he’s cunning... Even though he looks like he has
lots of openings, carelessly step in his range and he will inject his poison on
you. He’s a difficult person to deal with... Well, I don’t like that man, and it
seems like the same goes for him. We’re in a relationship where we call each
other vixen and snake.]

[...]

[However, only to his sister would he be a fool... No, I dare say that he’s also
aware that it’s a foolish move, but still acted like one in front of her. It’s
like he’s ready to ostracize himself and hand over the throne to his children if
it’s necessary.]

Saying that, with a small smile on her face, Chris-san sits down in a chair and
offers me to also sit down. When she confirmed that I’m seated, she looked
straight at me before she spoke.

[...I’m sure that Miyama-sama will arrive at this answer in no time, but let me
give you a hint. That man is Princess Lilianne... Excuse me, she calls herself
Duchess Lilia now, doesn’t she? That man had started eliminating all the men who
started approaching Duchess Lilia around 8 years ago.]

[...8 years ago?]

[Yes, well, he wasn’t as forceful before compared to how he is now. At best, he
would just make them restrain themselves from approaching her but... After the
incident four years ago, it seems that he was eliminating any men or the people
working for them who approached Duchess Lilia using any means necessary.]

8 years ago, that was when Lilia-san was fourteen years old... Unnn? Wait, I
think I heard about that incident before. Remember... If I recall, it was
mentioned when I first came to this world... Lunamaria-san said something
about...

—shattering the spirit of her “prospective betrothed”, and the talks regarding
her engagement...

Her prospective betrothed... I see, so the strange uneasiness I’m feeling is
this huh... A prospective betrothed for Lilia-san at that time... that means, a
man she might marry in the future. However, I never heard of His Majesty, the
King eliminating her partner. I don’t think His Majesty, the King would have
changed to how he acts now due to his age, and at least before, he wasn’t
eliminating all the men that had approached Lilia-san huh...

And then, according to Chris-san, it was only four years ago before he became
forceful with his elimination... I don’t have to think that hard about what
happened four years ago for me to know what happened. It was that time when the
Second Division was ensnared with a trap, and when Lilia-san changed her name
and received her peerage...

Finished talking with Chris-san, I gave her my thanks... And promised to hang
out with her again next time, I walked out of the room.

[Sorry for the wait.]

[No, are you done talking with her Majesty, Chris?]

[Yes.]

The room was prepared for Chris-san, the Emperor, so the soundproofing seemed to
be perfect, and Lilia-san, who was just outside the room, couldn’t hear what
Chris-san and I were talking about. I don’t think our conversation would be
something troubling for Lilia-san to hear, but since the topic is Lilia-san
herself, it may somehow be embarrassing just standing guard at the door like
that.

And once again, together with Lilia-san, we began walking until we arrived in
front of a door that is so big that it could be said to be the most distinctive
door in the royal palace. On the other side of this door awaits the former King
and his wife... Lilia-san’s parents. I don’t know why, and it’s not like I’ve
done anything wrong, but I’m somehow nervous. However, Lilia-san doesn’t seem
particularly nervous, and after knocking on the door, she opens it.

[Excuse me.]

[W-We’ll be intruding in.]

When I followed Lilia-san inside, there were four people waiting for us.

[Welcome back, Lilianne... No, it was Lilia now, wasn’t it? I haven’t seen you
since the New Year’s evening party.]

[It’s been a while, Mother.]

A tremendous beauty with the same light blonde hair as Lilia-san, spoke with a
gentle smile on her face. She looked like what Lilia-san would look like if she
grown up a bit more, a beauty filled with adult sex appeal. Eh? She’s
Lilia-san’s mother? She looks young though?! W-wait, hold it right there,
Lilia-san is 22 years old, right? And it took a long time for the former queen
to be blessed with a child... At least, by the time Ryze was born, she would
have been the queen already.

...So, doesn’t that mean she’s about 50 years old? No way... She looks like
she’s in her 30s, no, I would even believe it if she said she’s in her 20s.

[It’s been a while, Lilia. I’m glad to see you here.]

[I’m relieved to see that Father is doing well.]

The man who just spoke was a white-haired man with an elegant beard. An austere,
elderly dandy man with eyes that shows his deep experience. I could easily
imagine that he would be quite the handsome man in his younger days. Lilia-san’s
family is full of people with really high specs... Should I say that it’s to be
expected from them who carry the royal blood?

After greeting Lilia-san, the former king then turns to me and slowly bows his
head.

[Thank you for coming, Miyama-dono, it’s an honor to meet you here. My name is
Lotus Lia Symphonia. If it’s fine with you, I would be pleased to be your
acquaintance even in the future.]

[My name is Dahlia Lia Symphonia. I have long heard of you, Miyama-sama. It’s my
pleasure to see you.]

[Ah, yes! I-I’m Miyama Kaito. It’s nice to meet you.]

When the former king and queen greeted me very politely, I nervously replied to
them as I straightened my back. As if they were waiting for the time we finished
our greetings, the remaining two people took a step towards me.

[Elder Sister Lilia, welcome back. Also, Miyama-sama, it’s nice to see you for
the first time. Amalie Lia Symphonia... Symphonia Kingdom’s First Princess and
the first heir to the throne. I am Elder Sister Lilia’s niece.]

Plucking the hem of her beautiful dress, a beautiful girl with long, dark brown
hair in loose curls gracefully greeted me... Her bright red eyes remind me of
His Majesty, the King. This person... Princess Amalie is the first in line to
the throne. It may be a little uncomfortable for others to hear this, but I had
this narrow prejudice about how I assumed the prince would be first in line for
the throne, but in this world where there are many women, it doesn’t seem to be
unusual for women to hold the authority, like how Chris-san is the Empress of
the Archlesia Empire.

[Last but not the least, Elder Sister Lilia, welcome back. Miyama-dono, it’s a
pleasure to meet you. I’m the First Prince, Orchid Lia Symphonia.]

Having the same dark brown hair as Princess Amalie, a very handsome young man
politely bowed his head and introduced himself to me. No matter how I look at
them, Lilia-san’s family is really filled with beautiful people... I feel really
out of place here, it’s like the feeling of being an ordinary person suddenly
being thrown in the middle of an idol group.

[Nice to meet you. Princess Amalie, Prince Orchid.]

[Miyama-sama, you don’t have to call me Princess. Please just call me Amalie.]

[Same for me.]

[Ah, yes. Well then, Amalie-san and Orchid-san... Ahh, you can just call me by
my name Kaito too.]

F-For some reason, I can’t calm down... Even though the people I was dealing
with were royalty, the most distinguished people in this country, it was very
unbearable that they were speaking to me politely, as if I were higher than
them. I mean, the reason why I’m being placed on a higher pedestal is because
I’m an amazing person, but because Kuro and Isis-san are great people, and I’m
kind of feeling sorry because I’m just a mere fox with a tiger behind my back.

The former king and queen also wanted me to call them by their names as well,
just like Amalie-san and Orchid-san, so even though I felt uneasy, I decided to
call them Lotus-san and Dahlia-san.

[...Miyama-sama, Lilia has always been in your care. As her mother, please let
me say my gratitude.]

[N-No, I’m the one who’s in her care instead...]

[This child is a genius in academics and military prowess, but she’s always been
a bit of a tomboy... She hasn’t even married yet, and as her mother, I was
worried for her.]

[...W-Wait, please stop right there, Mother... W-What in the world are you
saying...]

When I thought the greetings were all over, with her gentle smile still on her
face, Dahlia-san said that with a gentle tone of voice, while Lilia-san somehow
looked flustered.

[Please love Lilia as your “wife”.]

[...Huh?]

[Mother?! What are you talking about?!]

[It’s alright, Lilia. Mother perfectly understands. Even just by talking to him
like this, I can feel Miyama-sama’s personality... With him by your side, you
will achieve happiness.]

[You don’t seem to understand anything at all though?!]

Hearing Dahlia-san calmly talking about her shocking statement, Lilia-san turned
red and exclaimed.

[As a father... No matter how old I am, it’s a sad thing to see my daughter go
off to marry... but if it’s for Lilia’s happiness, Father will put up with it.
Lilia, come home and see us once in a while.]

[Father?!]

[Miyama-dono, please take care of Lilia.]

[Ehh? Ah, errr, yes.]

[Kaito-san too, could you please not let yourself get swept along with them?!]

Reflexively nodding to Lotus-san, whose face completely turned to that of a
father as he deeply bowed to me... I got scolded by Lilia-san. W-What the heck
is with this situation... I feel like there’s a big misunderstanding going on...

[Elder Sister Lilia, how enviable. To win over such a dreamy gentleman like
Kaito-sama...]

[Amalie... Listen here, you’re just making a big misunderstanding...]

[Ahh, Kaito-sama! Of course, if Kaito-sama wishes, I’m willing to dedicate
myself to you!]

[What the heck are you talking about?!]

I feel like I’m somehow being really left out here. As I’m dumbfounded watching
Lilia-san desperately scream as she tries to clear up the misunderstandings of
her family, who started talking about stuff that has leapt away from the
present, Orchid-san calls out to me.

[Kaito-dono, please take a seat over here. Since they’ve already started doing
that, it would probably take a while...]

[T-Thank you very much, Orchid-san.]

[I won’t mind it if you just call me Orchid though? You don’t look that much
older than me, so you can just speak in a way you’re comfortable with.]

[...Errr, I’ll call you Orchid then. In exchange, I’d also like you to call me
that too.]

[I understand. I’ll call you Kaito from now on.]

With a picture-perfect ikemen smile on his face, Orchid moves to a smaller table
and sits down facing me. Lilia-san and the others still seem to be arguing with
each other, and I can hear their loud voices quite clearly.

[...Are they always like that?]

[Yes, well... Lotus-sama and Dahlia-sama are always worried about Elder Sister
Lilia not being married while... as for Elder Sister Amalie... Well, she’s just
the kind of person who likes to get into people’s love affairs.]

[...I see.]

For the time being, as we’re both people who were outcasts from their
conversation, I exchanged some idle talks with Orchid while waiting for the four
of them to settle down. Orchid was just like a prince straight out of anime, an
ikemen with a refreshing and good personality...What the heck is with his
popularity factor that doesn’t show any opening... Is he a riajuu? He’s a
riajuu, right?! Alright, then you can go expl... Ah, no... I guess I’m also one
of the riajuus now since I got the affection of a certain ridiculously beautiful
girl with the name of Isis-san...

After chatting with Orchid-san for a while, Lilia-san seems to have finally
persuaded the three of them, as Dahlia-san turns towards me and bows her head.

[I beg your pardon. I’m not familiar with the common sense of the world
Miyama-sama was in, and I thought it was the same as ours.]

[Ah. no.]

[Even if it’s as your “mistress”, please love Lilia.]

[You still don’t understand anything, Mother!!!]

I almost slipped out of my chair when I heard the words she said with the gentle
smile still on her face. In other words, it seems that the reason Dahlia-san
made that comment about being my second wife earlier was because she thought
that my world was similar to this one, and with my age, she thought I would have
been married already. Let alone being married to anyone though, I didn’t even
have any girlfriends... Unnn, let’s stop right there. Just thinking about it
makes me sad. At that moment, Lotus-san, who hadn’t said much compared to
Dahlia-san and Amalie-san, slowly strokes her beard and speaks.

[...Miyama-dono, it may be rude of me to ask, but may I ask you one thing?]

[Eh? Ah, yes. It’s fine with me.]

[Well then, if you’ll excuse me... Does Miyama-dono not have any guards with you
today?]

[...A guard, is it?]

He asked in a slow voice but certainly filled with power, to which I nodded my
head. I certainly didn’t bring my guards with me now... Anima, Eta and Theta
said they wanted to follow me, but I didn’t bring them because I didn’t want the
situation to be that exaggerated.

[Yes, for example... This isn’t really possible, but for argument’s sake, let’s
say that Orchid suddenly draws his sword and attacks Miyama-dono.]

[Eh? Me?]

[In that case, Lilia would obviously stop Orchid but...]

[Eh? Me fighting Elder Sister Lilia? That sounds like a future where I’m going
to die...]

To the words Lotus-san spoke, Orchid replies with cold sweat dripping down his
forehead. He doesn’t even want to imagine fighting Lilia-san huh... Well, I
understand that feeling very well.

[But what would happen if I had a number of troops lurking in the area, an
amount of troops that Lilia couldn’t handle?]

[...]

[Miyama-dono, your value is much higher than you think. I know it’s none of my
business, but wouldn’t it be better to have a few guards around you at all
times?]

[I-I see...]

I didn’t feel that way at all, but when a former king says that, I feel a
different sense of importance from it. As for me, I don’t really like walking
around surrounded by lots of guards, but if I get caught up with anything
because of that, it will cause trouble for Lilia-san, so I guess I should
probably think about it. Just as I was about to nod in response, a high-pitched
voice sounded in the room.

[...There’s no need for that though? I’m here for Kaito-san after all. No matter
if it’s hundreds or thousands, I would just make them regret that they are
born\~\~]

[?!]

[...Alice?]

Hearing the voice suddenly coming out of nowhere, Lotus-san looked pretty
surprised. This peculiar way of using honorifics is definitely Alice... But why
is her voice so different and high-pitched compared to usual? As if to answer
these questions, the view in the center of the room distorted and Alice appears,
with her face hidden behind the black robe littered with chains... taking the
form of the Phantasmal King.

[P-Phantasmal King-sama?!]

[Yes, hello there... With me guarding Kaito-san myself, he won’t be needing any
other people beside him.]

[...Alice, when did you...]

[Eh? I’ve been here right from the start though? Besides, it would be really
troubling if anything happens to Kaito-san.]

I didn’t notice at all... I guess it’s to be expected as she’s still one of the
Six Kings, the pinnacle beings of the Demon Realm. And as everyone’s surprised
by her appearance, but for some reason, Lilia-san’s eyes look like that of a
dead fish, what the heck is with her expression... It kind of looks like she’s
already given up on all sorts of things.

[P-P-Phantasmal King-sama is Mi-Mi-Miyama-sama’s guard?!]

[That’s right\~\~ Kaito-san is my lord to whom I offered my sword. That also
means pointing your sword at Kaito-san... is the same as challenging me and my
troops to battle\~\~]

[...Oh dear, please excuse me. It really was unnecessary of me huh. I didn’t
expect for Phantasmal King-sama herself to be his guard...]

[No, that’s the first time I’ve heard of it either.]

Alice replied to Lotus-san, who bowed deeply with an astonished expression on
his face, with a light tone of voice but... It’s also the first time I’ve heard
that Alice is my guard.

[What are you talking about, Kaito-san?! I’m always guarding you, so much that I
even know the “number of moles on Kaito-san’s body”... Gyyaaaahhh?!]

[...Do you know what privacy means?]

[I know that. It’s that thing that disappeared from Kaito-san as soon as Shallow
Vernal-sama took a liking to you, right?]

[...I’m feeling a little dizzy.]

Indeed, now that she mentioned it, it’s not just Alice... Shiro-san is also
watching me at this moment. Doesn’t that mean I never had any privacy?!

(Should I also show myself over there?)

Please don’t, you’ll cause a lot of ruckus.

[Well then, I’ll be going back. If you need me, call me whenever you need me!
Even if you don’t need me, you’re welcome to call me for lunch or dinner!!!]

[You probably just want to eat...]

[I want an extravagant lunch—ouch?!]

Seriously, Alice never changes, as she disappears while rubbing the part of her
head that I hit with my fist. Unnn, I’m somehow not feeling it that much since
she’s always acting like that, but having one of the Six Kings as my guard...
isn’t that frightening?

[I-I’ve heard from the rumors but... K-Kaito-sama is quite the terrific person,
isn’t he?]

[Amalie, listen here... Kaito-san is a monster. Common sense doesn’t apply to
Kaito-san. If it’s Kaito-san who did something, it can’t be helped... Mark those
words and keep them in your mind.]

[Wait, Lilia-san?!]

[Elder Sister Lilia, you don’t look so good...]

[No... I’m fine, I just have to take some of my stomach medicine.]

Lilia-san tells Amalie-san with an expression on her face as if she was
enlightened after feeling some pain. Her expression seems to exude the hardships
she has gone through until now, and somehow, I felt very sorry for her.

[...Kaito, you’re alo going through a lot huh.]

[Thank you, Orchid. It’s nice to hear you say that.]

[If you need some advice or someone to complain to, I’ll always be here.]

[...That would be helpful.]

Patting me on my shoulder and giving me a sympathetic look, I felt grateful for
Orchid’s words, but because of my privacy that had just disappeared... No, about
my privacy that had disappeared before I noticed it, my shoulders slumped down.

After we exchanged some relatively calmer chit-chat and ate a sumptuous dinner
together, we moved to our assigned rooms. I really did feel like I was being
treated like a guest of honor, as the room I was assigned was surprisingly large
and the bed was a huge king-sized one. I felt uncomfortable because I still felt
I’m undeserving of such treatment. Even the room I had in Lilia-san’s mansion
feels too large, but when I’m given a room even bigger than that, I can’t calm
down at all.

And while I was a little busy being bored in the room, restlessly scurrying
around the room, I heard a knock on the door. Who could it be? Is that
Lilia-san?

[Yes, it’s open.]

[Excuse me, please forgive my rudeness for coming for a visit this late at
night.]

[His Majesty, the King?!]

The one who came into the room was unexpectedly His Majesty, the King, Ryze.
Seeing His Majesty, the King who suddenly appeared alone, without leading a
single knight from his Royal Guards, I was dumbfounded and stunned in place.

[I was hoping to have some one-on-one conversations with Miyama-dono, do you
mind if I take a few moments of your time?]

[Eh? Ah, yes. It’s fine.]

I nervously nodded to His Majesty, the King, who spoke to me in a polite tone.

Thereupon, he turned his eyes with eyes filled with sharpness and calmness to
me, and slowly opened his mouth.

[...Miyama-dono, it may be rude of me, but do you mind if I loosen up my words?]

[Eh? Ah, yes. Rather, calling me with “-dono” is unnecessary.]

[I see, thanks. Well then, I will be calling you Miyama-kun. You can also call
me not by my name, Ryze, and not with His Majesty, the King.]

[Yes.]

His Majesty, the King... Ryze-san then returns to what probably is his usual
original way of speaking, and stares at me with a serious expression.

[Well then, let’s move on to the main topic of my sudden visit.]

[Yes.]

After the preface conversation, Ryze-san moved in front of me and deeply bowed
with both of his knees on the ground.

[Once again, I want to apologize to you. I’m truly sorry.]

[Wha?! Eh? P-Please raise your head! If it’s about apologies, I’ve already
received one a while ago, right?!]

[No, that was only my “apology as Symphonia’s King.” An apology from someone
burdened by his country can not be truly sincere... It would have made sense if
I threw away my authority as the King as an apology.]

[A-Alright already! Ryze-san has fully conveyed how you felt to me! Please raise
your head!]

Ryze-san is apologizing now, not as a king who was burdened by his country, but
as a human being. He wants to apologize from the bottom of his heart, not for
the national interest... I was very happy about what he felt, but the fact that
someone more than ten years older than me was being brought down on his knees is
making me feel rather apologetic instead. Anyway, when I told her that I
accepted his apology, Ryze-san bowed his head for a few seconds before he slowly
stood up.

[...Thanks. Being summoned to a different world by the Hero Summoning Magic, it
would have given you anxiety for being forced to spend time in an unfamiliar
world, away from the world you’ve always been familiar with, even though it’s
only for a limited period of time. If I had considered that, I should never have
acted that way.]

[...]

[Keeping that in mind, after you had gained great acquaintances, I suddenly
pulled my hand away and apologized... I may have looked quite ridiculous. I
don’t mind even if I’m laughed at for being a foolish king.]

[...There was a reason for that, wasn’t there?]

[...]

The words spoken by Ryze-san definitely show sincerity, and the emotions I read
with my Sympathy Magic also shows deep regret. I really couldn’t believe that he
would do something like that just for the reason that he doesn’t like a person.

[It’s not because Lilia-san is adorable, is it?]

[...Lilianne is adorable. She’s my precious little sister...]

[However, that isn’t the main reason for that incident, right?]

[...I’ve heard some things about you from that vixen, but it seems that you
really have a discerning eye.]

After saying that and letting out a small sigh, Ryze-san looked at the sofa
provided in the room and asked me if I wouldn’t mind sitting down. When I nodded
in response, Ryze-san sat down on the sofa, and while looking straight at me, he
opened his mouth.

[...I... may have been afraid of you.]

[...Afraid?]

[Yeah, you’re not the only otherworlder of whom I can’t find out what you’ve
done in the past... I think their names are Aoi-kun and Kusunoki-kun? I’ll have
to apologize to the girls again. I would have to say sorry for causing them
unnecessary anxiety...]

[Unnecessary anxiety?]

[...I was the one who instructed Count Ducas to ogle at them.]

Count Ducas? Who’s that? ...Ahh, is he talking about Count Toady who we met back
at the temple?! Wait, eh? He was instructed by Ryze-san? What does that mean?

[...After they became frightened, the position of their guardian, Lilianne will
also rise. Compared to the lustful count, the former princess who protects her
guests from another world, the people around her will remember her better. In
that case, Lilianne’s position will also...]

[...]

[Your anger is understandable. When we’re done talking, if you want to hit me, I
will accept it.]

Hearing Ryze-san’s words about using Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san to improve
Lilia-san’s position, I seem to have unknowingly held anger in my eyes. However,
I could still feel deep regret from Ryze-san, and I couldn’t just yell at him
without thinking at all.

[...I really may have been inflexible at that time. You three are no different
from my own children, even now, I still regret that I did something stupid
because of my uneasiness... I know that it sounds like I’m just making excuses.]

[...No, I can see why you really think like that.]

[...Thank you.]

Saying that, Ryze-san bows his head once more, and his eyes become somewhat
distant as he stares into the distance.

[...I originally did not have the caliber of being a King. A King thinks of the
national interest... A person who throws away other things for the sake of the
country... In that sense, people like that vixen... Chris has the caliber of
being a King.]

[...]

[However, I’m no good. I would put Lilianne before the national interest.]

Saying that, Ryze-san returns his gaze to me and after staying silent for a
while, he continues.

[...Did you know that I’m the child of a concubine?]

[...Yes. Lilia-san told me about it.]

[I see... I... I used to “loathe” Lilianne.]

[Eh?]

I was surprised at what Ryze-san told me. Ryze-san, who was famous for being a
sis-con according to Lunamaria-san, and in fact, the person himself just said
that Lilia-san was more important for him than the country, is saying that he
loathed Lilia-san?

[I’ve only had mediocre or perhaps, slightly above average talent. For years and
years, since I was very young, I studied hard to become a future king,
suppressing my desire to play. And just when my hard work began to bear fruit...
The Queen’s child, Lilianne, was born, and there were voices exclaiming for her
to be the King.]

[...]

[I really resented Lilianne’s existence at that time. I have worked so hard all
my life, and after all that, there’s a chance that I may not become a King...
What I had built up over the years might come to nothing. That made me angry.]

I think that has become a really difficult problem. Lilia-san said that she and
Ryze-san had a bit of a dispute over which of them would be the King, but in
reality, the one he’s at odds here may be the Queen’s faction instead.

[...In the end, because Lilianne was too young and my father was becoming a bit
frailer and wanted to hand over the throne early, it was decided that I would be
the King... but my fears still didn’t go away.]

[...]

[Lilianne was a rare genius. All the knowledge I spent years learning and the
skills I cultivated, that girl acquired them in the blink of an eye... I was
scared. Objectively speaking, I am far inferior to Lilianne. I’m afraid that
I’ll eventually be dragged down from the throne...]

Even though he said that he was afraid of Lilia-san, Ryze-san’s expression
looked kind, as if he was being nostalgic of the past. After a brief moment of
silence came again, a gentle smile appeared in Ryze-san’s lips before he spoke.

[...However, Lilianne adored me. She would embrace me, calling me out ” Elder
Brother~, Elder Brother\~ “, and always cared for me. When the unfamiliar duties
of a King made me tired and I wasn’t feeling well, she was there to take care of
me. I cried at my own stupidity... I wondered why I had even loathed such a kind
little sister. Since then, that girl has been irreplaceable to me...]

[...I see.]

[After that, I couldn’t help but think about how cute Lilianne is. I tried
harder than ever to be a King she would be proud of. More than anything else, I
desire for that girl to acquire happiness... Even when it was suggested that
Lilianne should have a fiancé at her age, I may have been sad, but I was happy
if I thought Lilianne would be happy... Yes, that’s what I thought.]

I knew that Lilia-san had a prospective betrothed, but looking at Ryze-san’s
expression now, I felt that there was something slightly different from what I
heard from Lunamaria-san.

[I heard that the engagement was rejected by the frightened other party when
Lilianne became the runner-up in a martial arts tournament... Don’t you think
that sounds strange?]

[...Eh?]

[No matter how strong Lilianne is, she’s a sweet girl. Why would he be scared of
her? Moreover, the Lilianne of that time was still the princess... Anyone would
normally want to be engaged with her, right?]

[Speaking of which...]

Indeed, now that he mentions it, no matter how strong Lilia-san is, I don’t
think she would turn her fists on her fiancé, and as part of the royal family,
Lilia-san is supposed to be the best marriage partner for a noble.

[I was also bothered by that, so I investigated... but it seems that hidden
behind the goodness of his outer appearance, he had been doing despicable acts
behind the scenes. The fact that he was frightened was just an excuse, and it
seems that he originally planned to refuse the engagement because he didn’t
think he could handle a girl like her who holds a strong sense of justice...
Well, I politely asked that man to leave the scene.]

[...]

[...It’s just that Lilianne was quite shocked about it. For a gentle girl like
her, it seems like someone telling her that she’s scary was painful... She
silently cried alone in her room.]

Even when we were just hearing about it from Lunamaria-san, Lilia-san didn’t
want us to be afraid of her. To the gentle Lilia-san, it must be more painful
than anything else for others to be scared of her own power.

[...That’s why Ryze-san had...]

[Yeah, after that incident, I decided to look into the background of any man who
approaches Lilianne. As her brother, I have to say, that child seems to have
really bad luck with men. Every man who comes up to Lilianne has some hidden
ulterior motive... And that’s why I kept them in check... Well, at that time, I
was just keeping them in check.]

[...]

[...Are you aware about that incident 4 years ago?]

[Yes.]

As Ryze-san’s eyes turned sharp when he asked me so, I nodded with a serious
expression on my face. Four years ago... The Knights of which Lilia-san was the
Divisional Commander had their information switched out. And as a result, the
incident that resulted in a large number of monsters attacking and Sieg-san
getting seriously injured.

[...I still can’t forget Lilianne’s face at that time. The sad and painful
expression on that girl’s face as she apologized to Sieglinde, who had lost her
voice, as tears streamed down her face...]

[...]

[And even more than that, I blame myself for my worthlessness. Why didn’t I
protect Lilianne, why couldn’t I protect her, why didn’t I take action before
this happened, even when I knew that the factions were opposing each other for
the throne?]

Ryze-san’s expression is really dyed with strong regret as he tightly clenched
his fist and bit his lip while telling me that. Because Lilia-san is really
important for him, he can’t forgive himself for not being able to protect her...

[At that moment, I swore. That I would never let anyone do that again. I vowed
then that I would never let Lilianne look at me in such a heartbreaking way
again, and I didn’t care if I was disqualified from being a King. I don’t care
how much anyone hates me, I will protect Lilianne... After that, I used every
means possible to thoroughly eliminate anyone that might hurt Lilianne. I would
investigate the other person’s background, and if I even find a single black
spot among them, I would crush them without any compassion.]

[...]

[For whatever reasons, all those people who approach her are all men. And before
I knew it, I was rumored to be someone who would smash apart any man who comes
near Lilianne, though I guess the facts are certainly like that.]

From Ryze-san’s wry smile, I could see a definite resolve in his expression, and
I could understand that his feelings were different from what I had imagined
based on what I heard from Lunamaria-san. And then, scratching his head with a
somewhat troubled look on his face, Ryze-san continues to speak.

[That’s why I was afraid of Kaito-kun and the other otherworlders. There was no
way for me to check the background of an otherworlder. I couldn’t tell if you
people were good people or not. However, maybe it’s because it has only been men
that have been my target of elimination in the past, that’s why I’ve had
particular prejudice towards you.]

[...Ryze-san, can I ask something?]

[What is it?]

[...Why are you telling me this?]

Ryze-san is unreservedly talking about his story. Thanks to that, my impression
of him has changed a lot, but I didn’t know why he was talking to me about it.
Hearing my question, Ryze-san was silent for a moment... before he let out a
gentle smile.

[...I have something else to say to you other than my apology.]

[Eh? What?!]

Immediately after saying that, Ryze-san puts his hand on the ground again and
deeply bows his head.

[...Thank you... very much...]

[Eh?]

[I know from the letters sent to Father that you have restored Lilia and
Sieglinde’s friendship, and that you have given Sieglinde’s voice back. I don’t
know how much I could ever thank you for that.]

[...It’s not like it’s something I did...]

[Thank you... Thank you so much... for saving Lilianne’s heart...]

[Ryze-san...]

From the drops that fell on the sofa and from his trembling voice, I could see
that Ryze-san was crying. He really cares about Lilia-san, and he must love her
with all his heart. Thanking me over and over again, after Ryze-san stopped his
tears from flowing, he stood up.

[...I really should have told you sooner, but I’m sorry it took so long.]

[No, I’m glad to hear what Ryze-san really thinks.]

[...Thank you. Miyama-kun, there’s one thing I need to ask of you.]

[You want to ask something?]

Saying that, Ryze-san looks straight into my eyes and tells me the words he
probably wanted to convey the most.

[...I don’t care what choice you make in the end. However, whether you stay in
this world or go back to your own world... I hope that you earnestly face
Lilianne’s feelings. That is all I wish for.]

[...Yes. I understand.]

[...Thank you. If you ever need any help in the future, you can always tell me
and I will be happy to help you.]

Seeing Ryze-san smiling with a calm expression on his face, I firmly etched the
weight of his words into my heart. The impression you get when you meet someone
in person is often different, and Ryze-san is a much different person than I had
imagined. And, most of all... He really is like an older brother who thinks of
his little sister.

As Ryze-san leaves the room, I exhaled after looking at his departing back.

[...Tsk, he didn’t even bring a present while visiting someone, and you call
himself a king? What a stingy man. He should have at least brought some
cookies—Ouchiiieeee?!]

[How about you start learning how to read the mood?!]

[Ginyyaaaahhhh?! You’ww teaw away my chweeekkkss?! I’m sowwwyyyy!!! You wwo wook
sewious thewe, so I fewt wike joking awound about it... You feew me?
—Fugyaaahhhh?!]

[That’s even worse!!!]

I knocked the head of this idiot who just shattered the solemn atmosphere in one
hit. It’s decided then... I’ll scold this fellow a bit...

In the room after Ryze-san left, Alice, after being scolded by me... soon
revived and slouched on the sofa.

[Anyway, for him to speak that much about things hidden in his heart, as
expected from Kaito-san ehh~]

[Unnn? Alice, do you know Ryze-san? Wait, you’re also one of the Six Kings, so
that should be obvious huh...]

[Well, you’re right. However, I know that guy pretty well because he’s a
“regular customer”.]

[...A regular customer?]

[Well, it seems that he’s changing the person he was sending to me to make his
request\~\~]

There’s some hidden meaning in what Alice is saying... That means he’s a client
for her underworld job huh.

[He’s an interesting human in his own way. Just as he said, his talent is
average. Her Majesty, the Emperor would be far superior to him in terms of
excellence. However, he had a good nose, and he knows very well that he’s an
ordinary person.]

[...Unnn?]

[He understands where a person’s openings are going to be, and he’s making use
of it by laying down his traps, waiting for the other person to be ensnared...
Just when you thought you’ve successfully outsmarted him, he will gobble you up
instead... If Her Majesty, the Emperor is worth one copper coin as a human and
one white gold coin as a king, the Symphonia King would be worth one silver coin
as a king and five gold coins as a human. Well, as far as assessing a human
goes, it’s perfectly right up my alley. I feel close to the people who play the
role of the fool like him.]

[...Hmmm, I don’t really understand.]

[Ahaha, Kaito-san is just fine the way you are. I like you when you’re open and
not acting like another person.]

[...T-Thank you.]

Seeing the joyful smile on her lips as Alice told me she likes me, I can’t help
but feel embarrassed... Even though she’s just Alice, this feels kind of vexing.
It was a bit embarrassing to continue with this topic at this point, so I
decided to change the subject.

[S-Speaking of which, Alice. What happened to that matter I asked you to do last
time?]

[Unnn? Ahhh, the evidence from that incident four years ago. We’ve gathered
them\~\~]

Saying this, Alice pulled out various items out of nowhere and placed them on
the desk.

[This is the real information report that was switched out, this is the ink on
the pen that was used to create it, this is the paper that was discarded because
it was miswritten, this is the report of the actions of the person involved in
the swap over the next few days, and I’ve also secured the person who had given
the instructions to do it.]

[Secured?]

[Yes, with some Illusion Magic, I shook his head a little—and he has become
quite cooperative.]

[...What the heck did you just say?]

I thought I heard some very frightening words just now, but I thought it was
just my imagination... No, I’d like to think that it was just my imagination.
H-However, I guess that should be expected from the Phantasmal King huh... I
wonder how they managed to get all this evidence together in just a few days,
even though the incident happened four years ago?

[A-Anyway, in that case...]

[It’s easy to expose their crimes... but let’s not do it now.]

[Eh? Why?]

[No, there are actually two nobles involved in that incident, but they were
driven out to the frontier about two years ago.]

[...Ehh?]

...Why?

[Incidentally, the one who drove them out was Symphonia’s King.]

[Ryze-san did?!]

[Yes, as I said before, that guy has a good nose. It seems that he has already
found out who the culprit is... but he can’t find any evidence. That’s why they
were dealt with a little high-handedly because of some “other matter”, and kept
them away from Duchess Albert\~\~]

[If Ryze-san told that to Lilia-san...]

[It’s just that he didn’t have access to any evidence regarding the incident
four years ago. The other party was a noble with a certain amount of influence,
so I’m sure he didn’t tell her so that Duchess Albert wouldn’t get ahead of
herself.]

Apparently, Ryze-san already had his eyes on the culprits, but he couldn’t get
ahold of their tails that would definitely name them as the culprits. That’s why
they were forcibly forced away from the capital because of another incident.

[Well, that’s why they were in the frontier right now. So, even if you expose
their crimes at this time, we can’t immediately detain him. It would be quite a
hassle dragging him out if he secludes himself there, so we need to find the
right time. Well, I could easily catch him, but that’s not the way you want the
situation to go, right, Kaito-san?]

[When you mention the “right time”...]

[Those two are in the First Princess’ faction, and they will definitely be at
the First Princess’ birthday party on the 21st day of the Earth month. We will
strike at that time.]

[...]

It seems that Alice has already decided what to do with them. But in the end, I
still want Lilia-san to be the one deciding this matter. As if she could see
through my thoughts, Alice calmly smiles at me.

[It’s fine. I understand what you want, Kaito-san. I’m not just going to expose
their crimes and bring them down, I’ll make it that Duchess Albert is the one
defeating them... I’ll be preparing the stage for that time.]

[...Thanks, I’m counting on you.]

[As my lord wishes.]

When I thank Alice for reading my intentions so well, as if she’s playing the
role of a knight in some kind of theater, she lowers her head as she tells her
thanks. I chuckled in response, but I’m really filled with gratitude with her...

[...Ahh, I’m getting the goosebumps. Serious mode rele—Ouch?!]

[...You...]

However, Alice is still the same as she usually is... She immediately started
messing around again. While I’m wondering if her seriousness can’t last a little
longer, I suddenly remembered something and asked.

[Speaking of which, I’m changing the subject but... I told you before that you
have to leave some money for living expenses, right...]

[Now! I’ve got to start getting things ready!]

[Wait a minute there, oi...]

As soon as she heard what I said, Alice instantly turned around and tried
escaping, but I caught her by the scruff of her neck. She did tell me that she
was giving her subordinates half of her wages, but the other half of it was
wasted on gambling, so I scolded her and told her about making sure to leave
some of it but...

This girl... I knew she would use it when I wasn’t looking at her...

[I told you before already, didn’t I? You should keep some money behind, and
using it all up is unforgivable...]

[T-T-There’s no problem. I-I-I’ve properly kept some behind.]

[How much?]

[Ehh? Ahh\~\~ Well, that is...]

[How much do you have left?]

[...10R...]

I feel like I’m about to faint... When I was scolding her before, Alice should
have more than 10 white gold coins in hand, excluding her subordinates’
salaries, she spent all of them in just a few days...

Even after I told her not to use it up, it seems like she only has 10R left...
Somehow, it’s making me even angrier than if she had used it all up.

However, what the heck is going on? At this rate, it’s unlikely she would
improve even if I scolded her again, and no matter how much I hit her, I can’t
expect to deal any clear damage to someone like her, who is one of the Six
Kings. No, wait? Speaking of which...

[...If you’re going to be like that, I may have an idea how to deal with you.]

[...Ehh? An idea? Ah, wait, Kaito-san, your face kinda looks scary,
Hyyyiiihhhh?!]

Reaching out my hand while muttering that with a low voice thinking of punishing
her for a bit, Alice cowered as if she thought I’m going to hit her again.
However, my hand went past Alice’s head and grabbing the strap of the opera mask
Alice was wearing on her face, I pulled it off.

[...Ehh? A-Arehh?]

[...]

[T-T-That’s my mask... A-Ahhh... Hyyyaaaahhhhh?!]

[?!]

Her beautiful blue eyes that are usually hidden by the mask are exposed, and
surprised, Alice’s eye grew wide. Thereupon, when she saw the opera mask in my
hand, her face turned bright red and screamed as if she was going to explode.

[Awawawawa, K-Kaito-san, g-g-give it back... I-I-If I don’t h-h-have that...]

W-What should I do? I was just trying to teach her a lesson... but she started
crying. It’s easy to forget because of the impact of normally seeing her with a
mask, but the Alice who took off her mask is a beautiful blonde-haired,
blue-eyed girl, with loose, wavy hair, and seeing her crying like that makes me
feel like I’m doing something very bad.

[I-I’m sorry! That was too much of me!]

I hurriedly returned the mask to Alice, who was clinging to me while crying.
Alice immediately took the mask from me and put it on... And slowly, she hugged
her knees.

[...I’ve been defiled... I’ve been completely assaulted... I can’t become a
bride anymore...]

[N-No, I’m sorry... I didn’t think it would affect you that bad, I’m really
sorry!]

[...A fancy dinner...]

[I-I understand. I’ll pay for everything.]

[...Go on a date with me with a fancy dinner...]

[...I-I understand.]

[Then, I’ll forgive you!]

[Isn’t that too fast?!]

I tried my best to apologize to Alice, who looked extremely depressed but... she
quickly became very lively again. Could it be that she was just acting before...

For some reason, it’s not like I don’t think that Alice has set me up but...
Since I’m the one in the wrong, let’s just say I’m glad that Alice’s mood has
been restored.

After that ruckus, which is in a way, can be described as the usual, as if she
suddenly remembered something, Alice spoke.

[Speaking of which, Kaito-san. That thing you asked for is ready.]

[Eh? Already?]

[Yeah, perfectly ready.]

[Thank you, that really helps... How much is it?]

When I went out for barbecue with Alice before, I asked her to make some items
for me before I left. To be honest, I thought it would take her a long time to
make it, and I don’t know if I should say that it’s to be expected from her or
not, but it seems like it’s already done.

[...I’m now Kaito-san’s subordinate, so I don’t really mind even if it’s
free...]

[No, I will properly pay you for that. Even if you’re close with someone, you
should still have basic manners... Besides, if Alice is my subordinate and I’m
your boss, I have to pay you, don’t I?]

[...Kaito-san... I understand. How about two white gold coins then?]

[Eh? Just that much? I thought it would be more expensive but...]

[I didn’t add any more materials this time, so that’s about it.]

Giving Alice, who for some reason, kind of sounds happy, two white gold coins
and received the time I had requested... Whoa, this is heavy?! I’d better hurry
up and put it in my magic box...

[Well then, just call me if you need me again\~\~]

[Yeah... Alice, thank you very much. I can always count on you.]

[...S-Saying those ikemen phrases is foul play. It’s making me embarrassed...]

With that, Alice disappeared while a faint blush on her cheeks could be seen
peeking out of her mask. I didn’t have much more to do either, so I decided to
move to my bed and sleep.

After spending the night at the royal palace, we were treated to a sumptuous
breakfast that would surely give me heartburns for eating this in the morning,
and I continued to get to know Lilia-san’s family until noon. Then, before noon,
I left the royal palace with Lilia-san, promising to come back again.

[...Lilia-san’s family were really nice people.]

[Yes... Kaito-san, it seems like you and Orchid were getting along quite well.]

[Yeah, he was quite fun to chat with.]

The 20-year old Orchid is one year younger than me, and for me, he’s the first
friend of the same generation and gender I had made when I first came to this
world... So, we had a great conversation. Orchid was also very calm and easy to
talk to, so we hit it off very well, and I also promised him that I would
definitely come back to visit him.

[Orchid is a very good and loving husband, and he’s my nephew that I’m proud
of.]

[...Loving husband? Eh? Please wait a minute. Is Orchid already married?]

[Yes, he’s already married to “three” wives.]

[...]

I’m surprised to hear what Lilia-san casually told me. Eh? He’s younger than me,
but he already has three wives? The heck is that, that’s scary...

I mean, he’s an ikemen with a great personality, he’s royalty and has three
wives, is he a real life winner... I’m starting to feel terribly miserable about
myself, you know?!

[Errr, Kaito-san? Are you okay?]

[...Lilia-san, as expected, compared to Orchid, I don’t really have any charm as
a man huh?]

[Ehh? Ah, no, errr... I-I think Kaito-san looks fantastic...]

[Eh? Did you say something?]

[I-I didn’t say anything?!]

In response to my slightly depressing words, Lilia answered in a very quiet
voice, but I couldn’t hear her well, so I asked her back but... for some reason,
her face is red while shaking her head sideways. She looked very cute while
looking like that, but I wonder why? I felt like it was quite a shame that I
didn’t hear what she said.

After coming back to the mansion and parting ways with Lilia-san at the
entrance, I didn’t go back to my room but went looking for some people. At this
time of the day, they should be cleaning the mansion... but where are they?

After walking through the mansion for about five minutes, I was able to spot the
two people I wanted to find in the direction I was going.

[Eta, Theta.]

[Master, you’ve returned. Welcome home.]

[Welcome back... desu.]

Both of them have red hair, Eta with her long hair in a ponytail and Theta with
her short hair held in a cute hairpin. Both of them look good in their maid
outfits. The two, who have come to live in the mansion as servants after that
incident with Megiddo-san, seem to be completely at home with the others
already, finishing with the cleaning that they’ve accustomed to doing, bowing
their heads to me at exactly the same time.

[Master, how can I be of service? If you need some tea, I’ll immediately...]

[Ah, no, I was just looking for you two since I want to give both of you
something.]

[For us two?]

Theta’s suggestion of preparing tea was very tempting, but I decided to refrain
from it since I have other things to do right now. And as I watched Eta mutter
and tilting her head in wonder at the words I told her, I spoke.

[Both of your weapons were broken in the previous fight. Did you find a
replacement yet?]

[Ah, no, we still haven’t... desu]

[When it comes to weapons that can withstand our power, there aren’t many good
ones out there...]

Eta and Theta had their weapons destroyed by Sieg and Anima respectively, when
they attacked me before. And apparently, they were both using pretty good
weapons, and I remember overhearing them lamenting about how they couldn’t find
a replacement. Although they were the ones who attacked me first, since they
said they were going to serve me now, they were helping out with the tasks in
the mansion without looking displeased at all, and I’m grateful for that.

While they have a slightly troubled look on their faces, I take out the item I
received from Alice yesterday from my magic box. A brand new large spear and
large shield, made from the Dragon King... Magnawell-san’s scale.

[M-Master... T-This is...]

[W-What an amazing magic power... desu.]

I thought I had to do something as your master for the two of you who are always
working hard for me. And since I happened to get some of Dragon King’s scales, I
asked someone to make weapons out of them.]

[ [ The Dragon King-sama?! ] ]

As I thought, Magnawell-san’s scales seem to be really amazing material, as both
of their eyes widened and looked astonished. And after being stunned for a
while, Eta looked somewhat flustered before she spoke.

[W-We couldn’t receive those! We are just your mere servants, we couldn’t accept
such a valuable item...]

[It would be discourteous of us... desu.]

Seeing the two of them shook their heads in obvious dread, I chuckled at their
somewhat cute appearance before I calmly told them.

[Even if I had it, I couldn’t use them since they’re this heavy so... You two
have always worked so hard for me, and I’m sure I’ll always be in your care even
in the future, so I want you to take it.]

[...Mas...ter...]

After hearing my words, Eta looked dumbfounded as she muttered, and with
trembling hands, she received the large spear. Immediately afterwards, she gets
down on one knee and deeply bows her head. Theta also receives her large shield,
and just like Eta, she gets down on one knee.

[Thank you very much! Master, for bestowing upon us such a wonderful gift...]

[It will be our greatest pleasure to serve such a kind Master... desu.]

[Y-You’re over exaggerating...]

As if they were shaking with emotions, the two of their eyes glitter as they
said that. When I wryly smiled at their over-the-top reaction, they started
speaking with even more vigor.

[This weapon I received is like the embodiment of Master’s expectations towards
me! I hereby pledge to serve you so that I wouldn’t feel ashamed for wielding
such a spear!]

[U-Unnn, good luck...]

[Our body, our heart... for eternity, we pledge that they belong only to
master... desu.]

[E-Errr, t-thanks, I guess?]

The tension between the two of them really seemed to have reached its upper
limit, as they looked far too happy. And then, asking for permission if they
could wield their weapons immediately from the other servants, after bowing
deeply to me again, they hurriedly went to the garden. How should I say this...
They look really cute, just like children who had received a new toy.

Smiling as I thought about how they looked happy as they ran, I suddenly felt a
look and turned around.

[...]

[...Eh? Anima, since when are you there?]

[Ah, n-no, I just happened to pass by... I-I-It’s not like I’m peeping or
anything like that?!]

[Ah, unnn.]

The expression on Anima’s face as she told me this was somewhat sad, as she was
enviously staring in the direction that Eta and Theta had left. Perhaps, or
rather, I’m sure... She was envious of the fact that I gave them weapons, but
felt that it was too rude to ask for something for herself as well, so she
couldn’t say anything. And the lonely look on her face is probably because she
thinks she’s not going to get any because she doesn’t use any weapons... Even
though that’s not the case...

Smiling at Anima, who had started to like an abandoned puppy, I approached her
and gently patted her black hair.

[...You don’t have to look that lonely, Anima, I’ve also prepared something for
you.]

[Eh? Ah, no?! F-For me?!]

[Anima has always helped me out, sort of, so...]

[Eh? T-This is...]

As I say this, I put a beautiful hair ornament made of the Dragon King’s scale
in Anima’s hair. Since Anima doesn’t use weapons, I thought I’d give her an
ornament instead, a hairpiece in the shape of a red flower... And this red
flower hairpiece, I gently put it on Anima’s hair.

[...And so, here.]

[M-Master?! H-However, an ornament like this... is unsuited for me...]

[That’s not the case. Anima is cute after all, so it looks great on you.]

[C-Cute?! I-I-It’s my honor to r-r-receive your praise!]

Hearing my words as I smiled and told her that, tears appeared on Anima’s eyes
while her cheeks were dyed red. I wonder why? Anima is supposed to be a black
bear... one of those strong and fierce bears, but I think I saw an illusion of a
puppy wagging its tail so fast that they’re making afterimages. That reaction
was very cute, so I slowly moved my hand on her head and stroked her silky and
pleasant to touch black hair.

[Hawa, awauu... Master...]

[Anima, thank you so much for everything.]

[Fuaaahhhh... I’m unworthy of your praise... Serving Master is truly... truly my
happiness.]

Letting out a smile filled with happiness, Anima’s beast ears happily twitched.
As she looked as cute as a spoiled puppy, I continued stroking Anima’s head for
a while. At first, I was confused with all that stuff being a master and having
subordinates ...But even after all those stuff, Anima, Eta and Theta... Before I
knew it, I think all of them—have really become someone important to me.
