---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 3: The True Motives of the Phantasmal King

The robed figures that were defeated by Alice don’t seem to be dead, as Alice
tied them up with a rope that she took out of nowhere.

[...What are we going to do with these people?]

[Why don’t we just let them stay here? We can call for a Knight Order to arrest
them later—Ehh?]

[...Eh?]

It didn’t seem like they would wake up anytime soon, so Alice suggested that we
leave them here tied up and leave already, but at the moment I was about to nod
in agreement to her... but for some reason, Alice stepped away really far away.
No, that’s not it. The people in robes are still close to Alice, does that mean
I’m the one who moved places?

[...It seems that you’re in quite a pickle, Miyama.]

[Chronois-san?!]

[Ehh? G-Goddess of Time-sama?!]

Hearing her familiar voice, I finally understood that I’m being held in her
arms. I didn’t expect that a Supreme God, Chronois-san, would appear. Putting me
aside, even Alice was startled at her sudden appearance.

[...W-Why are you here?]

[Lilia told me what happened, and I came as soon as I heard it. Good gracious,
you’re making everyone worry...]

[...U-Ummm, errr...]

[...You are the one who kidnapped Miyama, aren’t you? I’m sure you’re ready for
the consequences...]

[Hyiiiihhhh?!]

Chronois-san quietly mutters while clenching her fist, releasing a tremendous
amount of magic power and causing cracks to appear in the stone room. Feeling
the anger of the overwhelmingly powerful Chronois-san, Alice is frightened like
a frog staring at a snake, backing away from Chronois-san.

[P-Please wait! Chronois-san?!]

I hurriedly stopped Chronois-san, who was about to hit Alice any moment now.

[Miyama?!]

[Ummm, how should I say this... Alice, errr, saved me!]

[...What?]

While Chronois-san looked doubtful after hearing my words, I frantically tried
to explain Alice’s reason to her. I don’t feel like I was able to explain myself
well because I was quite frantic when I explained to her... but after a while,
Chronois-san nodded and unclenched her fist as if she understood.

[...I see. I get the gist of what you’re saying. If that’s the case, I guess I
can’t crush you here huh...]

[Y-Yhesh?!]

[...Well, that’s enough. I will deal with these kidnappers myself. You’ve
already worried Lilia enough... Let’s go back.]

[Ah, yes.]

[You’re obviously coming with us.]

[...U-Understood.]

As expected of the capable ikemen Goddess Chronois-san, she promptly made the
conversation continue and got Alice to agree without question... Or rather,
Chronois-san? How long are you going to hold on to me like this? Chronois-san,
you know you’re pretty tall, right? Being in this position is pretty scary, you
know?! Whether or not she knows what I’m going through, Chronois-san quickly
holds Alice as well, and the scenery changes in an instant.

It’s not like the scenery is switched out like Teleportation Magic, but rather,
Chronois-san’s movement is so fast that before I knew it, we’re already in a
different place. We are now in Lilia-san’s mansion’s familiar garden, where
Lilia-san and many other people had gathered.

[Kaito-san?! Are you okay?! Are you injured? Are you feeling unwell, or were you
hurt anywhere?!]

[Ehh? Ah, no...]

[Calm down, Lilia. If you keep talking and talking, Miyama won’t be able to
answer.]

[Ah, y-yes... I’m sorry.]

[Miyama doesn’t have any injuries of particular concern.]

[Is that so... That’s good. That’s really...]

When she saw me, Lilia-san’s expression literally changed as she began checking
if I wasn’t injured. She then looked really relieved when she heard
Chronois-san’s words. It seemed like she was really worried about me, and it may
be a bit imprudent of me, but I was happy. I mean, even Fate-san’s here... Unnn?
Even Ozma-san’s here. Also, who is that person with the green hair? I feel like
she’s sleeping while standing up though...

[...U-Ummm\~\~]

[Eh? Huh?! It’s you!!!]

[Hieehhh?! P-Please wait a moment! Kaito-san, help?! Heelllllpppppp?!]

When Alice was about to timidly speak, Lilia-san’s expression suddenly changed
to a sharp one and she drew her sword. It wasn’t just Lilia-san, but also
Lunamaria-san and Sieg-san as well, who turned their gazes with their sharp
killing intents directed towards Alice.

[U-Ummm... Why did this situation happen...]

[Ahhh, apparently, Lilia and the others had exchanged swords with the strange
fellow over there.]

Strange fellow, she said... No, well, she certainly is one but...

It seems that I have to explain to them again. For a moment, I thought about
just letting them go attack her since they’re attacking Alice and she won’t die
but... In the end, I explained to Lilia-san and the others.

Lilia-san and the others, who had been cautious for a while, seemed to
understand after hearing my explanation and they each put away their weapons. It
would have been fine if that had been the end of it, but no matter how much they
were convinced with my explanation, their perception of Alice would still be
bad. She may have saved me, but because she’s someone they’re not familiar with,
and because they’ve fought against each other once, their wariness still hasn’t
disappeared and I can still feel it with my Sympathy Magic.

[...Alice, remember our bet where you would listen to one thing I said?]

[Ehh? Yeah, I still remember it, but why mention it now?]

[...Then, there’s something I need you to investigate.]

[You want me to investigate something?]

Thereupon, I remembered the document that the Phantasmal King gave me yesterday.
She said that this document contains information on the person that set up
Lilia-san’s division in a trap, and that if I showed this to a person who works
in the underworld, I might be able to get evidence. Alice called herself a
handyman who works in the underworld, and from the feeling I got so far from
her, she seems to be good at gathering information, and in a sense, she’s the
right person for the job.

[...I want you to look at the people in this document. I heard that they were
involved in that incident with the Knights Order four years ago...]

[ [ [ ?! ] ] ]

Hearing the words I said as I held out the document to her, Lilia-san,
Lunamaria-san and Sieg-san’s eyes widened.

[Ka-Kaito-san?! T-That is... how in the world...]

[I’m sorry. Lilia-san, I was actually going to tell you yesterday, but after all
the commotion that happened, I forgot... This document was given to me by the
Phantasmal King, and it seems to contain information about the people involved
in the incident with the Knights Order four years ago.]

[Wha?!]

[...Hoohhh... It wouldn’t be surprising that the Phantasmal King would have some
information about that in her possession... However, if you’re asking her to
investigate it, that having that alone wouldn’t mean anything?]

[Yes, the Phantasmal King said that this isn’t enough to use as proof. However,
she said that if I can get someone working from the underworld to investigate
it, we might be able to know something...]

It seems that Chronois-san highly evaluates the Phantasmal King’s information
gathering ability, and if the Phantasmal King had prepared it, it feels like she
was sure it would be correct.

[...In that case, I’m also going to ask you. Lilia informed me of the situation,
but Shallow Vernal-sama has instructed me not to become too involved with the
affairs of the Human Realm, so I’m not at liberty to investigate... So, can I
ask you for that? Masked woman.]

[Ehh? Ah, yes. Of course.]

[Thank you, Alice. Well then, here’s the document—]

I was about to hand the document to Alice, thinking that if Alice could
successfully investigate this, the impression Lilia-san and the others had for
her would be restored. However, at that moment, I heard a familiar high-pitched
voice.

[There’s no need for that.]

[—?!]

[If you so wish it, I can provide the proof as your reward for overcoming your
fourth trial.]

[...Phantasmal King...]

[Eeeehhhhh?! T-This time, it’s the Phantasmal King? Seriously, what the heck is
with Kaito-san’s connections...]

A being clad in a black robe calmly appeared, gathering the gaze of those around
us... The Phantasmal King descends in the garden of the mansion. Saying those
infuriating words, that I have cleared the fourth trial...

After the kidnapping incident was settled, I was going to ask Alice, a person
working for the underworld, to investigate the documents handed to me yesterday,
when for some reason, the person who handed over those documents appeared. I was
puzzled by her sudden appearance, but the Phantasmal King just spoke in her
usual high-pitched voice.

[You don’t need to ask that rat to help you. I can provide you with the
information you need.]

[...Didn’t you give this to me so that I could find out myself? Or perhaps, have
I already completed all of your trials?]

[No, you still have a trial left. However, I should have told you that it’s your
reward. As a reward for overcoming your fourth trial, I thought it might be a
good idea to investigate this matter myself... troubling enough, I haven’t
really come up with your reward for the fourth trial. That’s why, I thought this
would be fitting enough.]

[...]

What the heck is this... Phantasmal King should have felt the anger in the words
I returned to her, but the Phantasmal King still had that arrogant tone in her
voice when she indifferently told me that. Perhaps sensing my anger,
Chronois-san quickly moved in front of me and faced the Phantasmal King.

[...It’s been a while, Phantasmal King. Was it the previous Festival of Heroes
when we last met?]

[Chronois huh. What is it?]

[You’re the one who told the world about Miyama, aren’t you? Why did you do
that?]

When Chronois-san asked with a somewhat sharp voice, the Phantasmal King calmly
answered her.

[...He had become quite a good bait, didn’t he?]

Bait... I tilted my head, unable to understand why she said that, but
Chronois-san seemed to notice something, and she clearly sounded angry.

[...So, that’s how it is huh... You! You used Miyama as a decoy!!!]

[...Decoy?]

[Umu, she most probably deliberately released some unclear information,
indifferently used it to manipulate the people around and hunted those who stuck
their heads out... In other words, she used you as bait to burn those turbulent
individuals.]

[?!]

Come to think of it, I remember Lillywood-san mentioning it before. The
Phantasmal King doesn’t tolerate beings that are detrimental to the world, and
if she judges you to be one, she will mercilessly kill you... In short, the
Phantasmal King seems to have transmitted my information to the world and erased
the people who started moving holding some kind of objective.

I shuddered at the fact that I was being used by the Phantasmal King without
knowing it, and at the same time, I felt a strange feeling of discomfort. What
the heck is with this feeling... The conversation should have been making sense,
but there’s something in their conversation that I should be bothered with.

[...However, I don’t understand. Putting aside the other members of the Six
Kings, how did you manage to convince the Death King? She’s supposed to move
immediately when it comes to Miyama... but for some reason, she remained quiet
even though that incident happened. You made her do that, didn’t you?]

[...Indeed, it took a lot of work to convince Isis to do it. I was able to
finally convince her by offering a fairly concessionary exchange.]

Indeed, Isis-san killed all the Black Bear in the forest just because I was one
knocked unconscious by one before. It might be ridiculous for me to say this
myself, but I really think she would fly over if something wrong happened to me.
However, indeed, regarding these recent incidents... Even that time when
Megiddo-san invaded, and even this abduction incident... Isis-san didn’t appear.

It seems that the Phantasmal King presented Isis-san with some conditions in
exchange, and made her agree to stay still... What kind of condition is that?
And also, that uncomfortable feeling I felt earlier, was it about Isis-san? No,
however, I still feel like there’s something bothering me.

[Anyway, what the heck is with that way of speaking of yours? That’s “different
to how you usually speak”...]

[?!]

Chronois-san dubiously asked. As soon as I heard that, a completely different
thought popped into my head. The purpose of the Phantasmal King, the words she
said when I encountered her, the conditions she used to convince Isis-san, and
the way the Phantasmal King speaks... All these scattered pieces come together
in my mind. I see... So that’s what it is, that is to say, this is what the
Phantasmal King would probably call the fifth trial...

Slowly stepping out in front of Chronois-san, I calmly spoke.

[...I don’t trust you. I’m not going to ask a request to someone I can’t trust.]

[...Hooohhhh...]

[Miyama? Are you sure? The Phantasmal King certainly is someone that you could
hardly trust, but her information gathering ability is solid. This person can
certainly prepare the evidence for you...]

Hearing the words I said, Chronois-san asks me if that’s okay, tilting her head.
Shaking my head in response, I moved my gaze.

[...Chronois-san. I trust the Phantasmal King. I’m grateful to her.]

[Unnn? Miyama, what the heck are you talking about?]

[There’s something that’s been bothering me for a long time. And now, I know
exactly why... You’re not the “real Phantasmal King”.]

[...]

The words I quietly said startled Chronois-san, but the being in black robe
remained silent... She doesn’t interrupt me as if she’s telling me to keep
going. So, the true nature of the discomfort I’m feeling is probably this.

The first time I met the Phantasmal King, I felt her eerie presence... but the
second time and the third time I encountered her, she was far more eerie than
that. However, from this being in front of me right now... I don’t feel that
much shiver. Until now, I had thought that the more I learned about the
Phantasmal King’s dreadfulness, the more I felt something akin to fear, but it’s
more convincing to think of this person in front of me as a different person.

[Chronois-san. You said earlier that the Phantasmal King speaks differently,
right?]

[...Yeah.]

[Could it be that the Phantasmal King... usually speaks with a “peculiar tone
filled with honorifics”?]

[...That’s right.]

Before, Chronois-san had described the Phantasmal King as a boisterous and
irritating fellow.

However, the Phantasmal King I actually met wasn’t like that, she was more like
a creepy mastermind... And the moment I heard that “she’s speaking in a
different way”, I remembered something. When I talked to Kuro, and when I talked
to Chronois-san... It’s like they’re talking about different beings who “usually
use honorifics”.

I thought it was just because she was lowering her head before terrifying, more
powerful beings... but if the Phantasmal King’s usual tone of voice is her
characteristic, it may be because she doesn’t want her true identity to be
revealed.

[...Chronois-san, you were wondering how she convinced Isis-san, right?]

[Umu, I don’t think the Death king would be easily convinced. She said she made
a deal with her, but I can’t imagine her putting priority on anything rather
than Miyama’s safety.]

[...I think the Phantasmal King probably said this to Isis-san. “I will always
be around him, and if it’s necessary, I’ll intervene and save him myself”...]

[What?]

Yes, the Phantasmal King probably convinced Isis-san to stay still by
guaranteeing my safety.

Based on that premise, it changes the way you look at a lot of things. The
attacks, Megiddo-san’s visit, my abduction... Of all these three incidents, if I
were to think that the Phantasmal King was trying to protect me...

[...Just when we were attacked, she didn’t interfere since she thought that
Anima and Sieg-san could beat Eta and Theta. But then, she thought that it would
be difficult for two exhausted people to defeat Sigma... So, she intervened.]

[...Miyama?]

[When Megiddo-san showed up, she disguised herself as Kuro and made Megiddo-san
put down his hand... and now, again...]

Thereupon, I stopped speaking for a moment and slowly turned around. The person
who wasn’t there when the Phantasmal King appeared for the second and third
time, and who was there when the Phantasmal King appeared first and this time.

[...I want to help Lilia-san, Lunamaria-san, and Sieg-san, who have been taking
good care of me.]

[Kaito-san...]

[...So, I’m going to need your help.]

Inhaling once, I then look straight into her eyes, and utter the answer I’ve
arrived at.

[Please, Alice... No, “Phantasmal King, No Face”...]

The words I spoke told about Alice’s true identity being the Phantasmal King. To
be honest, I’m not entirely sure yet, but I still think it’s a pretty likely
conclusion. However, the person in question, Alice, doesn’t say anything. She
just looks at me with a smile on her face... Seeing that smile, I’m convinced
that my thoughts are right and I stare straight at Alice.

[Eh? This person is... Phantasmal King-sama? N-No, but, no matter how I look at
her, she’s a human...]

[Lilia, it’s true that for beings with power like you, you would judge a
person’s race by their magic power. However, the Phantasmal King can even change
the quality of her magic power... It would be impossible for me to see through
the Phantasmal King’s disguise.]

It’s true that from what I’ve seen so far, Alice’s abilities aren’t beyond the
realm of being human. In fact, Sieg-san and Lilia-san seemed to think ALice was
human, so I also thought that was the case... But if Alice is the Phantasmal
King, it would be an easy thing for her to act like a human, since she could
even change her magic power and fully transform to Kuro.

[In fact, that Phantasmal King fellow even slipped in among the Gods before, and
even actually granted blessings to others... I don’t know why the heck she did
that though.]

...I’m betting that it’s because she wants to earn some money. A single blessing
costs one gold coin after all...

Oops, I digress. Now, let’s go face Alice first...

[...Alice. If you were really serious about deceiving me, I wouldn’t have felt
anything out of place, and that’s probably not something that you would have
screwed up.]

[...]

[...You must have made me feel that there’s something out of place on purpose,
right? When we met at the gate, you even deliberately used the same Icarus story
as when we first met, showing Chris-san that you were well-informed inside her
castle, and dropped hints here and there.]

Yes, perhaps... No, I’m pretty sure Alice made me feel that something’s out of
place on purpose. If she was capable of a perfect disguise, she could have shown
another face as the “Phantasmal King’s face” and I wouldn’t have questioned it,
but there’s no reason for her to come out at this moment where Chronois-san,
someone she has met from time to time, is present here.

[...Wasn’t the fifth task for me is to find out your true identity?]

[...]

Hearing the words I calmly said, Alice remained silent... But out of nowhere,
she pulls out a handbell and starts shaking it. The sound of the bell echoed
loudly around us, and after stopping a little while later, Alice finally spoke.

[Well, I won’t say there aren’t any holes I could point out but... Splendid. You
passed with flying colors.]

[...Alice, then, you really are...]

[Yes, you’re right. I’m the real Phantasmal King.]

Putting away the handbell, Alice clapped this time, admitting that she is the
Phantasmal King. At the same time, the expression of Ozma-san, who had been
quiet until now, changed to astonishment, and scratching his head with a
somewhat troubled expression on his face, he spoke.

[Now this is quite something. As expected of Phantasmal King-sama.]

[Ozma-san?]

[Good grief. Uncle here had actually seen Phantasmal King-sama’s unmasked face
before, and even though I look like this, I could brag that I’m a fairly
competent person... but for me to not notice anything out of place until this
moment... I didn’t even notice that I was being affected by her Recognition
Inhibition Magic.]

Hearing the words Ozma said with a troubled expression on his face, Alice
grinned and replied.

[My, oh my, how was it? Wasn’t it fun?]

[I’ve been running in the palm of your hands right from the start huh...]

[I dunno? I don’t know when you decided to go running in my palms... but just
know that you’re a hundred thousand years too young to beat me in a game of
deceit.]

Saying those words in a tone that seemed to agitate the atmosphere around us,
Alice walked closer towards me. Thereupon, she gets down on one knee in front of
me and gently grabs one of my hands... and puts her forehead on the back of my
hand. No, she’s still wearing that opera mask, so it’s actually the mask that’s
hitting the back of my hand...

[Once again...You’ve done well, Kaito-san. Please accept my apologies for my
past rudeness. And to you who far exceeds my expectations, I pledge my respect
and allegiance.]

[...Alice.]

[Phantasmal King, No Face... Also known as Shalltear. My power, my heart, at
this moment, I offer my everything to you.]

After declaring her allegiance to me as if she were a knight, Alice slowly
stands up.

[...”Assemble”.]

[Wha?!]

The moment Alice murmurs that word, people clad in black whose faces are hidden
suddenly appeared throughout the garden. And it’s not just one or two of them,
they have a ridiculous number that they easily exceed 100... And then, Alice
throws the document in front of those people clad in black.

[This is an order... The person in that document tells about the incident that
happened four years ago. Please gather irrefutable evidence against them... I
will not wait more than three days. Is that an A-okay? Then, start moving.]

[ [ [ [ [ [ [ [ Hahh! As Phantasmal King No Face-sama wishes! ] ] ] ] ] ] ] ]

Receiving the words Alice announced with a non-serious tone, the people clad in
black showed their acknowledgement by kneeling down on one with completely
synchronized movements. And then, they instantly disappear again... probably
headed out to start investigating. Before I knew it, even the fake Phantasmal
King was gone too.

With just one word, more than 100 people appear. It really is nothing but proof
that she has subordinates lurking in every place, including the royal capital as
well. The Phantasmal King has a vast number of followers around the world... In
front of me, who was astonished to see a portion of her power in action, Alice
slowly looks back at me. Unlike how she usually acts, her somewhat dignified
appearance is certainly what a king...

[Uwaahhh, I got goosebumps. It’s really tiring looking so serious—Ouch?!]

[...]

[Why are you hitting me?! Kaito-san?!]

[You... Can’t you just stay... serious... like before?]

[No, no, I’m doing my best here. I did my super-ultra best! If I became more
serious a few minutes more, I would get sick.]

I thought that as Alice was also one of the Six Kings, the actions she did
before were just a front, and she’s going to stay all dignified like she truly
is, but Alice completely reverted to her usual tone, so I couldn’t help but
reflexively hit her in her head.

[I mean, Alice... Ah, no, should I call you Shalltear now?]

[Well\~\~ It’s fine to call me just as usual. I also like this name too... so,
what is it?]

[Well, Alice is one of the Six Kings, right?]

[That’s right\~\~ Alice-chan is a remarkable girl. I’m remarkable enough that I
could proudly puff my chest to introduce myself!]

Alice has a smug look on her face as she makes a pose while sticking out her
small chest, to which I let out a sigh before speaking. I understand that Alice
is one of the Six Kings, but how should I say this... She’s quite different from
what I imagined a king would be... Looking at her like this, all the fears that
I had of the Phantasmal King until a little while ago have been erased.

[...So, that whole thing you said about not having any money was all an act?]

[...No, I’m being serious there. I’m seriously broke. Please treat me to
something!]

[...Even though you’re one of the Six Kings?]

[Please don’t think that all of the Six Kings are rich, will you?!]

It was a cry filled with anguish... Tears even seem to flow from the gap between
her mask, which conveys how earnest she is about being broke.

[I have lots of subordinates to pay here, you know?! I’m trying to keep all the
profits and costs in white. I give perfect benefits! No overtime! All
transportations, paid by me! Salary raise is even possible! There’s also bonuses
twice a year!]

[...U-Unnn.]

[Because of all these, I can’t even afford to feed myself everyday! Moreover,
I’m still getting more subordinates every year?! My subordinates’ livelihood may
be good, but my life is all bad here, you know?!]

[I-I see...]

Hearing Alice’s shouts as if she’s winding up, I can’t help but feel pressured.
Thereupon, Alice snaps her fingers, and as she does so, the fake Phantasmal King
from earlier appears.

[What are your thoughts about this area?]

[Ahh, my apologies. I forgot to tell you... You would be pleased.
Shalltear-sama, we have recently added about a hundred more people to our
corps!!!]

[...Oi, are you listening to me? What the heck is with that, you just added more
people without hesitation... I told you not to add more people...]

[I’m happy that more and more people are hearing about how wonderful
Shalltear-sama is!]

[...Just go home.]

[Hahh! By your leave.]

In contrast to Alice, who has her head in her hands, the fake Phantasmal King
sounds kinda happy... Speaking of which, I couldn’t tell from her high-pitched
voice she had until now, but she’s a woman huh... It also feels like she’s one
of the upper rankings in their group.

After the fake Phantasmal King disappears at Alice’s words, Alice clings to my
clothes.

[Help me, Kaito-san! I’m going to be killed by my own subordinates!!!]

[...]

This person really doesn’t have any dignity at all... It’s starting to give me a
headache. However, I see, the reason why she usually says she doesn’t have any
money is because she has too many subordinates... If that’s the case, I guess it
was quite bad of me to scold her too hard.

[I see, then, the reason why your money is always gone isn’t because you
gambled, but because you gave it to your subordinates...]

[Ah, no, half of it was because I gambled it... Ginyaaaahhhh?! It huwts?! It
huwwtttsss?! Kaito-saahh, staaphhh, you’ll teaw my chweeks apaaaawwwwtttt?!]

[You know what~!!!]

I was just about to feel some sympathy, but shortly after, she started messing
around again, so I pulled her cheeks as hard as I could. I take back my previous
statement! I really should be harsher to this woman! Even thought it was just
for a moment, it was really stupid of me to look at her in a good light. As
expected—Alice really was Alice.
