---
toc: true
---

# Prologue

The 23rd day of the Water month.

I’m currently in front of a stone gate with a huge magic circle drawn on it.
This is the gate that connects the Human Realm and the Demon Realm, and it seems
that you can use this gate to teleport to the various gates in the Demons Realm.

Incidentally, in order to go to the Demon Realm, you need something like a pass,
and it seems that it takes at least 10 days for that to be issued. Yes... It’s
that card that Phantasmal King No Face gave me the other day. Moreover, it’s
been thoroughly signed under my name... She probably took my appearance and had
it issued. How should I say this... I don’t really like how it feels like
everything’s running at the palm of her hand but... It’s certainly as most
people would say, it’s good since I didn’t have to wait for the permit to be
issued.

[Welcome, I’ll be checking your permit.]

[Here.]

[...Yes, everything’s fine. Which gate would you like to go to today?]

[Errr... That one near “Forest City Yggfresis”]

[Most certainly. This way, please.]

The attendant led me to stand in the center of a large magic circle. Thereupon,
the magic circle began to emit a strong glow, and in an instant, the landscape
changed. And when I closed my eyes in front of a stone gate, I opened them in
front of a wooden gate... Arriving in a place that could be called the center of
a large forest. I didn’t need to look for my destination as there’s someone
waiting for me.

“Hello there, Kaito-san. Welcome to the Demon Realm... Welcome to Yggfresis.”

[Lillywood-san, hello. I’ll be in your care today.]

Lillywood-san had previously told me that if I were to visit Isis-san, she would
show me around, and just as she suggested, she would help guide me today. It’s
really reassuring that Lillywood-san, one of the peak beings of the Demon Realm,
the Six Kings, and she who seems to have a wealth of knowledge, would be the one
guiding me.

---

In the Southern Mountains of the Demon Realm, a giant shadow stepped forward
along with a thunderous roar.

[Magnawell-sama?! W-Where in the world are you going?]

“...What, I don’t want to miss this chance. No matter how much I think about all
these information I see, in the end, I can’t measure his value until I see him
with my own eyes.”

Hearing the words of the High Ancient Dragon who spoke to him with a startled
look, his leader, the Dragon King Magnawell, told him with a voice that seems to
reverberate in the earth. Saying that if he’s going to measure “that person’s”
value, he would have to meet him in person.

“He has already met 5 of the Kings... And just the other day, driven away the
threat of the War King. Fufufu, interesting, I’ve not felt my blood boil in a
long time.”

[...I will be going with you.]

“Do as you please. Well then, I shall be on my way... to see for myself the face
of that youngster Miyama Kaito.”

Speaking in a calm voice, but held within those words were strong interest, the
Demon Realm’s... no, the world’s largest beast walks forward, shaking the earth
with each step.

Now, in order to determine the true value of the Pole Star, he who shines the
strongest even among those who came from another world, with his own eyes...
