---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 6: The Dephts Making Their Moves

In my room, which I’ve grown accustomed to staying in, I close the book I’ve
been reading and exhales. What I had in hand was the “Eating Tour in its
Entirety Guide: Symphonia Kindom”. As for my impressions after reading it... I
want to eat dragon meat. I remember the taste of the dragon meat that was served
at the barbecue hosted by Kuro, and it was really delicious. I’m sure it’s
partly due to Ein-san’s skill as a cook, but it was soft, rich and satisfying,
with no aftertaste. It was a first-rate meat incomparable to other
ingredients... It was the best. However, dragon meat is very expensive and rare,
and I haven’t eaten it since then. The wyvern meat was good, but as expected,
the dragon meat is just on a different level.

I’ve always wanted to eat dragon meat again, but I couldn’t find it in any
stores, so I haven’t tried eating one again. However, when I saw Kuro’s Eating
Tour Guide, I found out that there was a restaurant specializing in dragon meat
in Symphonia’s royal capital. Since then, my mind had been filled with dragon
meat. Fortunately, I have a lot of money. Even if dragon meat is super
expensive, it’s not too much of a problem... However, I’m not sure where this
is. The address of the restaurant is written on the Eating Tour Guide, but I’m
not familiar with the geography of Symphonia’s royal capital.

I could ask Kuro, the author of the book, but she visits at night. No, I’m sure
Kuro will come if I called her, but I don’t want to bother her, who’s most
probably busy with other things during the day. Lilia-san, Sieg-san,
Lunamaria-san and Illness-san were also busy with their work. Umu, I wonder if
there’s anyone else I can ask? Someone who was familiar with the geography of
Symphonia’s royal capital, was clearly bored, and was willing to go along with
me on a sudden invitation... Someone who wouldn’t hurt my conscience even if I
were to ask the impossible...

[And thus, Alice. You up for dragon meat tomorrow?]

[I’m totally up for it, but the way you chose to invite me isn’t something I can
accept! Aren’t you completely treating me like some convenient woman?! You do
know Alice-chan here is one of the Six Kings, right?! I’m a big shot, you
know?!]

[I see, guess we’re not going huh?]

[Let’s go!]

[...]

It’s a very vigorous response holding no hesitation. In fact, there’s no one
better to ask than Alice regarding this matter. She’s the most knowledgeable
person in the world, so she would know a lot about geography. It also feels like
she would be bored in that unpopular shop of hers. Even if I were to suddenly
invite her, she’d be gung-ho when she hears I’ll treat her. And most of all, she
really brought me a lot of trouble, so my conscience won’t be hurt even if I ask
her the unreasonable.

[I’ve been thinking about this for a while now, but aren’t you treating me too
poorly?! I think you should be nicer to me, Kaito-san!]

[...I mean, it’s Alice after all.]

[Those words sure give you a lot of leeway, don’t you think?]

Well, besides... Even though I say all that, being with Alice is fun... wait,
the heck are you smiling about, idiot!

[It can’t be helped. Well, it seems like Kaito-san really wanna go on a date
with this Transcendentally Beautiful Alice-chan.]

W-What is this pinnacle of annoyingness... For her to make such an infuriatingly
smug look on her face, how easy-to-read can my face be? She’s probably reading
too much in my mind...

[Not being able to just honestly invite me\~ You\~ You~! You one big
tsund—Fugyaaahhh?!]

I wonder why? I feel like I’m making a mistake for inviting her... Well, though
I say that, I feel like I lost if I cancel out here. Letting out a sigh as I
looked at Alice, whose annoyingness is increasing along with her excitement, I
decided to head towards that dragon meat restaurant with Alice.

As I walked alongside Alice through the streets of the capital, I told her the
name of the store we were going to.

[Ah, that restaurant is on the eastern side of the Central Area, so it’s not
that far away from here.]

[...Central Area?]

[Ahh\~\~ Errr, let’s see. Since we’re on the topic, would you like me to teach
you a bit about the geography of Symphonia’s royal capital while we walk?]

[Unnn, please.]

I’ve thought of this when she was guiding me around Archlesia Empire, but the
well-informed Alice is extremely reliable in situations like this. This is a
good opportunity for me to learn more about the royal capital, where I’ll be
living for more than half a year. Saying this, Alice drew some lines on a
notepad, dividing it into four parts, before finally drawing a small circle in
the center.

[First of all, the central area near the royal castle is called the Central
Area. There are a lot of upper class nobles and merchants living here, and many
of the stores were aimed towards the high-class as well. Duchess Lilia’s mansion
is also located in the southern part of this area.]

[Fumu. Then, that means we’re also within the Central Area?]

[No, Duchess Lilia’s mansion is in the southernmost part of the Central Area, so
the place we’re walking in is actually within the Southern Area. To the south of
the royal capital is the country’s largest trading city, so business is thriving
in the Southern Area. Incidentally, my store and that magic tool stall that
Kaito-san visited with Kuro-san are also in this area. So, this area is probably
the one Kaito-san is most familiar with.]

I see, I’ve learned well. In other words, most of my activities up until now
have been in the Southern Area huh. The main street around this area certainly
is very lively and I also see newly built shops in this area, so it’s no wonder
that business is thriving here.

[Let’s go with the explanation in a counter-clockwise... The next area would be
the Eastern Area, which could be described as the residential area of the city,
so it doesn’t really have any special features. However, the temple of the God
of Health is in the Eastern Area, so it seems like there are a few churches and
such there.]

[Ahh, I guess I’ve been there are least once before huh.]

[Right. Well then, next would be the Northern Area. There’s a famous plaza there
called the Art Plaza where a lot of artists gather, and because of that, there’s
a lot of theater, music, and stuff related to that in that area. It’s also where
most events are held, so if you have the chance, it might be a good idea to hang
out around that area. Also, there’s a casino over there. I’m going to say this
again because it’s very important, there’s a casino over there.]

[...Unnn, for the time being, start explaining about the Western Area.]

Why the heck is this fellow trying to make a punchline every single time... I
thought she was explaining seriously, but all of a sudden, she started pushing
that casino unto me.

[Why do I feel like you’re suddenly making fun of me... Well, let’s get back on
track and finally move on to the Western Area. If I were to describe it in a way
that’s easier for Kaito-san to imagine, the Western Area is more like an
industrial area. There are relatively a lot of stores here related to smithing
and things like that. They haven’t settled on a clear agreement on this matter
though. Basically, the closer their shop is to the Central Area, the more
expensive the store is. The stores closer to the Central Area also handle
horse-drawn carriages and stuff like that.]

[Heehhh... Speaking of smithing... Alice, doesn’t it seem like the weapons in
your general store have reduced lately? It kinda feels like a surge of men’s
clothing has appeared instead...]

[I mean, Kaito-san doesn’t buy my weapons, and you often buy my clothes
instead.]

[...Like I said, can you not make me your target market?]

I feel like that general store is becoming more and more like a store
exclusively for me. No, the clothes Alice makes actually are right up my alley,
and I can’t help but buy them, so in a way, this is probably a good marketing
strategy...

[Well, putting that aside... I think that should do for a quick explanation
about the royal capital.]

[Unnn, I’ve learned a lot. Thanks, Alice.]

[No, no, you’re welcome... Ah, speaking of which, I’m changing the subject, but
there’s this girl who wants to greet you, Kaito-san, but what do you think?]

[Unnn? What do you mean?]

Hearing her suddenly changing the conversation, I tilted my head and asked her
back.

[No, you see, I’ve sworn my allegiance to Kaito-san. That’s why, my current
position is that of being the Transcendentally Beautiful Best Friend/Kaito-san’s
partner/Transcendentally Capable Character.]

[The heck are you doing, brazenly putting yourself in that position. That’s the
first thing I’d like to throw a tsukkomi about...]

[And so, by getting this Alice-chan as your subordinate, you also get the
Phantasmal King’s subordinates as a set, and that girl who’s in charge of them
wants to greet you.]

[What should I do... She’s evading all my tsukkomis.]

Why the heck is she making it sound like I’m getting awesome freebies?! I’m
pretty sure I heard that there are over a billion people under the Phantasmal
King’s command, but does that mean all of them are following me?! Heck, in the
first place, I don’t even remember agreeing to be Alice’s boss!

No, well, let’s calm down for a moment here. I have a lot of things I’d like to
complain about, but for the time being, let’s face the problem at hand first...
the one in charge of the Phantasmal King’s subordinates, in other words, the
number 2 in her group, wants to greet me huh.

[H-Hmmm... Well, if it’s just greeting me.]

[Seriously? No, well, I wouldn’t recommend doing it... but if that’s what
Kaito-san says.]

[Eh? Wait a moment there. The heck is with that unsettling reaction of yours...]

[Well then, “Pandora”, you can come out.]

[...Oi, listen to me.]

Ignoring my words, Alice called out, and a woman appeared in front of us. She is
a little shorter than 160cm tall, and her semi-short hair covers her right eye.
Her visible eye is gray-colored, long ears that are slightly different from
those of Elves, and an outfit that looks like a slightly more subdued version of
Alice’s outfit... Her face is definitely well-groomed, making her look like a
fragile beauty, but there’s an unusually dark circle under her visible left eye,
and that, combined with her pale skin, makes her look extremely unhealthy.

[It’s my greatest pleasure to meet you, Miyama-sama. I uphold the honor of being
Shalltear-sama’s second-in-command, bearing the name Pandora. Pleased to make
your acquaintance...]

[Ah, yes. I’m Miyama Kaito... E-Errr, Pandora-san? Are you feeling sick or
something?]

[Ah, my appearance, yes?]

I was curious about her unhealthy appearance, so I asked her about it after
introducing myself, to which she pointed to the dark circle under her eye before
explaining to me.

[I’m a Demon from the species called Hell Nightmare, and I was born with these
eye circles and skin color, so please don’t worry about it.]

[Ah, s-so that’s how it is... I’m sorry.]

[No, it’s a great honor to have Miyama-sama be concerned for me.]

[E-Errr...]

I wonder what this is? Even though her voice sounded calm and gentle, I wonder
if it’s Pandora-san’s habit to speak in a sensual tone seemingly glazed in
charm? No, that aside... Arehh? I wonder why I feel like this? I feel like I’ve
met Pandora-san somewhere. I don’t think I’d ever forget seeing someone with
features like her... No, wait, speaking of which...

[Errr, Pandora-san.]

[Yes? Is something the matter?]

[...Perhaps, the one playing the fake Phantasmal King... was it Pandora-san?]

I didn’t have any basis for my thoughts, but I had a feeling like this was the
case, so I asked her, to which her eyes opened wide, looking rather surprised.

[...I’m surprised. Although I’m not nearly as good as Shalltear-sama, I’m also
confident in my disguising ability and mastery in Recognition Inhibition
Magic...]

[Ah, no, it’s not that I saw through your identity. I just had this vague
hunch...]

[...Ahh, I feel really turned on.]

[...Yeah?]

Somehow, doesn’t it seem like Pandora-san mumbled something strange? Also, why
is she blushing? Why did she just lick her lips?

[For you to have seen through my fabrications, I admire your instincts. As I
thought, just like Shalltear-sama, Miyama-sama “is born to rule over me”!]

[...Eh?]

The heck is this person talking about now? Why the heck is she looking at me
with her finger on her drooling mouth? Isn’t her reaction just now strange?

[...U-Ummm, Pandora-san?]

[Ah, Miyama-sama, you need no honorifics for this lowly me. Please, just call me
Pandora... Or perhaps, if it’s possible, please call me “Filthy Sow”.]

[There’s no way in heck I’ll call you that!]

[Y-You’re right! My apologies. It was a shameless and foolish thing for me to
express my opinion to Miyama-sama. B-By all means, please “punish” me... Of
course, I also have the tools prepared.]

[...]

For some reason, taking out a large amount of SM goods, she started looking at
me with expectant eyes... The heck is with this pervert, my mind can’t catch up
with her at all...

[...Pandora, house. I told you not to go out of control, didn’t I? Come now, put
those joke goods aside and come over here.]

[Shalltear-sama?! Am I to be punished? Am I going to be punished?]

[...Go sit in the corner.]

[I see, neglect play it is! As expected of Shalltear-sama!!!]

[...]

Amazing. This is the first time I’ve ever seen Alice become at a loss for words,
looking astounded. Pandora’s character is just too thick. Following Alice’s
instructions, Pandora-san went to the corner... took off her shoes and bare
feet, she sat on the ground.

[...Hey, Alice. Ummm, Pandora-san’s reaction towards me is slightly... or
rather, considerably strange, isn’t it?]

[I’m really sorry.]

[...So you’re the cause huh. The heck did you do now? Say it.]

[No, that’s not it. I didn’t do anything wrong. I informed my subordinates to
recognize Kaito-san as my boss and to listen to you properly... Her loyalty is
slightly buggy, so she must have applied her loyalty to me to you, Kaito-san.
That’s why she was like that.]

[...I don’t want to believe it, but the way you say it makes it sound like this
is just the usual?]

As I was feeling astounded upon hearing Alice say something unbelievable, or
rather, something that I don’t want to believe, Alice continued speaking with a
mysterious look on her face.

[Yes, well... While I was disposing of a shitty Demon who had a perverted fetish
of killing the relatives and everyone related to the person that caught their
attention, other than the person themself, I picked her up and raised her.
However, I don’t where or how things went wrong, but she grew up with the
peculiar habit of searching for Demons just like that shitty Demon, torturing
them until they begged to be killed, before they were thoroughly erased.]

That just went into a disturbing direction! I thought that Pandora-san had a
painful past that she became warped, but such thoughts were erased in the second
half.

[In addition, because of that loyalty of hers, “even though she’s basically an
S, she becomes an M towards specific people”. She had completely awakened to a
flawless pervert. She’s capable enough to be called the “Strongest Count-rank”,
and she’s obedient to my orders, so I’ve entrusted the responsibilities of being
my second-in-command to her... but I can only throw in the towel in regards to
her fetishes.]

[I don’t want to hear those information! I mean, eh? That means, I just happened
to be within those specific people?]

[...Well, when I told her to obey Kaito-san, she totally looked like a horny
woman.]

[...]

I’m at a total loss for words. Pandora-san’s dangerous. She’s the most
outrageous person I’ve ever met in my life. In front of the astounded me, Alice
lets out a sigh, before turning towards Pandora-san and giving her instructions.

[Hey, Pandora, introduce yourself properly this time.]

[As you command!]

After listening to Alice’s words, Pandora-san stood up like a dog whose “wait”
command got canceled, and instantly moving in front of me, she deeply bowed.

[Once again, it’s a pleasure to meet you, Miyama-sama. Starting with me, us
Phantasmal King’s subordinates... The Phantasmal King Corps as we call
ourselves, offer our absolute obedience to you, Shalltear-sama’s King. Of
course, if it’s your order, even if I were to sacrifice myself, I will see to it
that your will shall be carried out. If you need our services, please give us
your instructions.]

[...Y-Yes.]

[Incidentally, I specialize in “torture and assassinations”.]

[I won’t order anything like that, okay?!]

Even if you say that you’re good at torture and assassination with such
confidence, I have no plans to assassinate anyone, and I never will. If you’re
going to appeal your strong points, please show me your other specialties
instead.

[...I can also destroy a target’s spirit by showing them “eternal nightmares”.]

[Please say something a little less disturbing.]

[...”They’re average in size, but I have beautiful breasts”.]

[The heck is with that appeal?!]

[The mole in the side of my chest gives them additional charm points.

It’s too strong. Her character is just too strong.

[...Pandora... House.]

[Eh? Shalltear-sama? Ahh, no, I still haven’t shown off my skills to help out
his “nightly needs”...]

[You don’t have to show them off...]

Noticing that I finally reached the end of my limits, Alice grabbed the scruff
of Pandora-san’s neck and pulled her away. That situation finally came to an end
when she told her to go home.

[...Well, and thus, there’s my subordinate’s greeting. Hang out with her if you
have the spare time. Praise her, scold her, she’ll be happy either way, so
you’re free to choose how to treat her. I can’t guarantee your chastity around
her though...]

[Are all of your subordinates just like that?]

[...Some of them are decent.]

[...Let’s just go eat that meat.]

[Let’s do that.]

Somehow, feeling a bit tired, Alice and I just went on towards our original
goal, heading towards the dragon meat restaurant.

---

The 15th day of the Tree month. I was riding on Bell’s back as we dash through
the streets of the royal capital.

[Bell, slow down a bit.]

[Gao!]

The reason why I’m traveling while riding behind Bell is simple. Bell is much
faster than a carriage. The place I’m currently heading to is quite a distance
from Lilia-san’s mansion, and it would normally take quite a bit of time to
arrive there even with a carriage, but I guess it’s as expected from Bell, as
the place I’m heading to is already in sight.

A vast garden that could already be called a ranch, and a rather large building
standing in it... In the entrance, there’s a signboard that says “Flying Dragon
Services”. The reason I came here today is to see the baby dragon that was quite
attached to me before. It’s already quite late to visit her because I was quite
busy with Megiddo-san’s incident, Alice’s incident, and the other things I’ve
been busy with.

As I stepped off Bell at the entrance, I was greeted by someone familiar... It’s
the driver that I met when I went to the Sacred Tree Festival.

[Welcome, Miyama-san... That’s... quite the terrific entrance you have there.]

[Ahaha... I’m sorry, she’s rather big. However, she’s a docile girl.]

[...To have a Behemoth as a means for transportation, I guess that’s to be
expected from Miyama-san huh... Shouldn’t Miyama-san be a Flying Dragon Pilot
after all? You can aim for the world’s best pilot, you know?]

[I-I will consider it.]

While looking at Bell with a startled expression on her face, Driver-san, who
was usually around monsters, stood in the entrance. She doesn’t seem shaken at
all, and just lightly tosses a few words of scouting to me. As I was chatting
with Driver-san about other trivial matters, I heard the sound of flapping
wings.

[Kyuuk\~\~!!!]

The baby dragon that was attached to me before was flying towards our direction,
and I smiled for a moment when I saw its cute little flap of wings but... when
the baby dragon saw me, it increased its speed and rushed towards me with
frightening speed.

[Ahh, it’s the baby... wait, stop right there?! You’re too fast?! Slow down,
will—Bfueeehhh?!]

I tried to hurriedly stop her, but the baby dragon didn’t slow down at all...
She flew straight at me and stuck to my face, and the impact sent me flying
back.

[Kyuukuii! Kyuukuii!]

[...I thought my neck was about to snap there.]

The baby dragon seemed to be in high spirits and was happily clinging to my
face, but after a few moments, she noticed Bell and turned her gaze towards him.

[Kyuii?]

[Garuu?]

[Kyuu... Kyuuk...]

It doesn’t seem like she’s scared of Bell, but it feels like she has a shocked
expression on her face, as the baby dragon looks at me and Bell in turn.

[Kyuukkuaahh!!! Kyuu! Kyuuuaahhh!!!]

[Eh? Ouch, hey, it hurts?!]

And for some reason, she somehow looked angry this time, as she began smacking
my face with her wings. What the heck is with this situation... My Sympathy
Magic can’t clearly read someone and make me understand what they’re saying as
words, but it can help me somehow understand the baby dragon’s emotions. If I
had to describe it in words, it’s like she’s angry at me while saying
“Cheater\~\~”... Why?

[She’s probably feeling jealous because of the Behemoth. This child likes you
“as the opposite gender” after all.]

As if she could guess my doubts, Driver-san muttered, and I asked her back while
trying to escape the baby dragon’s wing attacks.

[Ouch... Eeeehhh?! I-Is that so?]

[Yes, you remember when this child play bitten Miyama-san’s neck twice before we
parted ways?]

[S-Speaking of which, I also don’t know why she did that...]

[That’s the “act of courtship” of the dragonkin, you know?]

[Wha?!]

I remembered being play-bitten twice on the neck by the baby dragon when we were
parting ways before but... Eh? That’s how they court others?! W-Why?!

[The reverse scales on the neck of the dragonkin are the part that they least
want others to touch. Play-biting that reverse scale once, if a dragonkin
accepts their second play-bite without avoiding the one courting... Then, the
courtship is established.]

[...Seriously?]

[You’re asking if I’m being serious? Yes, I’m serious. I was also quite
surprised too.]

I’ve been told that the act of play-biting the neck twice is the courtship
action of the dragonkin. Apparently, it’s like the baby dragon confessed to me,
and I unknowingly responded by telling her I like her too... That’s quite a
great surprise out of nowhere.

And while I was receiving an explanation from Driver-san, the baby dragon had
turned towards Bell and was squealing with excitement.

[Kyuu! Kyuukuii! Kyuuiikuukyuuiii!]

[Gao, garuaa.]

[Kyuii?! Kyuuk! Kyuaahhh!]

[Gao, garuaaguaa?]

[Kyuukuaaahhh!!!]

Unnn, it feels like they’re talking about something... And to be honest, I’d
like to think that the conversation I just read with my Sympathy Magic and felt
from their movements was just my imagination. Unnn, it’s all just in my head,
right? I mean, what they’re talking about was...

“It’s unfair! Why is it just you?! That can go together with that human!”

“That’s because I’m a pet.”

“Pet?! That’s unfair! That is unfaaiiirrr!”

“Then, why don’t you just also become a pet?”

“That’s right!!!”

—or something like that... No, “that’s right!” your face. How come you’re
ignoring me and were already talking about having more pets? However, it seems
like I was right with my bad premonition, as when the baby dragon finished its
conversation with Bell, it snuggled towards me and... she was looking at me with
an expression that seems to tell me that there’s no way she’s letting go.

[Hey! You’re causing trouble to Miyama-san!]

[Kyuuu\~\~\~\~\~\~?!]

Driver-san seems to have also figured it out and tried persuading her, but the
baby dragon is adamant that she won’t leave. If she tried forcing her away, my
clothes would be in trouble. How troubling... This is very troubling. The baby
dragon is desperately clinging to my clothes, and is turning her lonely eyes to
me as if it is about to cry. Stop, please stop... I’m weak to those eyes...

[U-Ummm... I know it’s unreasonable for me to ask, but this baby dragon... Can
you give her to me?]

[Kyuu?!]

[W-Well... Since it’s Miyama-san who was asking, and this baby dragon also seems
to be quite attached to you, it’s fine, is what I’d like to say but... We don’t
have that many dragon children these days, so parting with a white dragon is
kind of...]

[Kyuuaaa...]

In a way, receiving that response can be said to be inevitable. It is said that
white dragons are the number 1 earners of the Flying Dragon Services, and since
they’re so rare that they’re hard to come by, and the white dragon in this
branch is only this baby dragon and her parents.

Incidentally, the baby dragon’s parents have been looking our way since a while
ago, but they haven’t said... well, roared anything in particular. I guess
they’re going to respect what the baby dragon wants huh? What should I do? I
can’t ignore the baby dragon that has become completely depressed, and even
though it’s something I didn’t know about, it’s not like there’s no problem for
me who accepted her courtship action.

[...It’s just for example... If I were able to prepare another or perhaps, an
even faster dragon than a white dragon... Is it possible to trade with her?]

[Eh? Yes, if that were the case, we wouldn’t have any problems with it... But
talking about dragons faster than the white dragons, wouldn’t you need to find
one from the Demon Realm?]

I was quite reluctant, but I guess it can’t be helped since it’s already like
this... I would need to consult with that person about this. After convincing
the baby dragon that was looking at me expectantly, telling her that I’ll be
back soon, I started moving to bring Bell back to the mansion first.

---

[...How should I say this... Kaito-san, you’re really soft-hearted, aren’t
you\~\~?]

[Unnn. Well, it can’t be helped since things were already like this... But I
thought I could talk to Magnawell-san about it.]

After returning Bell to the mansion, I passed through the gate to the Demon
Realm with Alice who I asked to guide me. We’re not going to the North this
time, but towards the South... Towards the “Dragon’s Mountain Range” where the
Dragon King, Magnawell-san lives. I thought the best thing to do would be to
consult with the Dragon King, Magnawell-san about matters regarding dragons, but
it seems that the Dragon’s Mountain Range is quite far from the gate, and there
are many monsters on the way.

[I’m sorry, but I’ll be relying on you, Alice... I don’t think I’ll be able to
get there on my own.]

[Yes, yes. Roger that\~\~ Well then, let’s go through it with a bang... Upsy
daisy!]

[...Wait a sec, oi. Why are you carrying me?]

I was asking Alice for directions, but just when I thought it was time for us to
go, she easily lifted me... and held me aloft.

[W-Wait right there?! Alice?! What the heck are you doing?!]

[It’s alright. I’ve properly enclosed you in a barrier after all...]

[I don’t see anything alright with what you just said, you know?!]

[The angle is OK, the distance... Well, should be adequate enough!]

[Adequate?! Did you just hecking say it’s adequate?! Stop right at this
ins—Uwaaaaahhhhhh?!]

I may be repeating myself, but it seems that I was right with my bad
premonition... As after Alice greatly brandished my body, she just threw me up
to the skies. All at once, the scenery blows away and my body soars high into
the sky... Amazing. I’m flying... is not I should be saying here!!! That
freaking idiot!!! There must have been some other way to get around, right?! Why
the heck does she have to choose to throw me?!

I can’t feel the wind pressure thanks to this barrier she placed on me, but I
know I’m moving at a tremendous speed. However, no matter how I think about it,
all I’m feeling about is how I’m going to fall while being sent flying.

As if to affirm such fears, I feel my altitude gradually decrease and my body
begins to fall towards the ground. But in a way, that expectation was betrayed
in the worst way possible. As my body was on the way down in the air, my body
was caught by Alice, who appeared before I knew it, and as my body was held in
her grip, my vision rotated again.

[And once more\~\~]

[Gyyaaaahhhhh?!]

Alice, who caught me in the air, as if she’s making an incredible feat for a
certain book, threw my body up in the air one more time... Please just tell me
if you want to kill me. It’s really like I’m feeling the experience of riding a
roller coaster with my own flesh, and my body soars high into the sky again. At
that moment, there’s only one thing I had in mind—I asked the wrong person!

I’ve come to the Dragon’s Mountain Range in the Southern Area of the Demon Realm
to consult about the baby dragon. Rocky surfaces peek out all over the area, and
large rocky mountains lined up in rows... In a way, this might fit the image of
the Demon Realm that I imagined at the very beginning.

[...Alice, I want to ask you something.]

[What is it?]

[...Is using Teleportation Magic impossible to do in this area?]

[No, not really. We can use Teleportation Magic, Flight Magic is also possible,
but to be honest, I thought it was much faster to throw you rather than running
while carrying you... but when I remembered about it, throwing you looked more
interesting, so I just went with the flow—Ouch?!]

I’m grateful to you for bringing me here. But, there really was another way as I
thought?! I began hitting Alice, who was unashamedly telling me that she enjoyed
throwing me while I screamed.

[...You really are...]

[Well\~\~ Kaito-san’s screams were also quite dreamy. I feel I’m about to awaken
to something new... Arehh? Why am I somehow feeling shivers...]

The moment Alice muttered that, a huge icicle appeared in the direction of where
my body is being thrown. And as the huge icicle shattered and turned into pieces
of ice shards beautifully dancing like flower petals, Isis-san appeared with
completely glazed eyes.

[...]

[A-Arehh... I-I-If it isn’t Isis-san...]

[...Die.]

[You’re not even going to let me explain?! Wait, Isis-san?! Ginyaaahhh?!]

[...You’re bullying Kaito... You trash... I will kill you.]

[Higyaahhhh?! Wait a mo-?! Using Absolute Zero here is dangeerrrooooussss?!]

Alice is blown high into the sky while being half-frozen by Isis-san, while
Isis-san jumps in pursuit of her. And then, the rocky mountains in my field of
vision... turned into icebergs one after another.

“What’s happening here? You’re all being noisy...”

[Magnawell-san?!]

A scene beyond human understanding was unfolding before my eyes... No, it would
be better to say that even if I had seen earlier that Alice is being chased by
Isis-san, I can’t see their figures with my naked eyes... Anyway, while I was
dumbfounded looking at them, a huge face appeared from the mountains along with
the rumbling of the earth. Even though I understand how big Magnawell-san’s size
is, I’m still astonished when he came out.

“Unnn? Ohh, if it isn’t Miyama Kaito! I’m glad you’ve come.”

[Ah, yes. Wait, whoa?!]

When Magnawell-san found me, he took a step forward, sounding a little happy.
However, the important thing now is that unlike when we met before...
Lillywood-san isn’t with me right now. That also means that the barrier magic
she used at that time wasn’t applied to me. Magnawell-san single step caused an
earthquake, and although it was somewhat weakened by the rocky mountains, the
wind pressure is enough to make me fall on my butt.

“Ah, I’m sorry...”

[...Don’t bully... Kaito.]

“Wha?! Wait right there, Isis?! What are you suddenly—Nuuoohhh?!”

The moment I fell on my butt, Isis-san, who was supposed to be chasing Alice
just now, appeared, and the next moment, Magnawell-san’s huge body that’s beyond
common sense flew through the air. Apparently, she thought that I had fallen on
my butt because Magnawell-san was bullying me... And she’s not being lenient at
all. Or rather, Isis-san, you can just blow away someone as big as
Magnawell-san?! A-As expected of one of the Six Kings...

Thereupon, Magnawell-san dropped down, and as if a missile had fallen down on
that area, a cloud of dust rose up. Naturally, the tremendous earthquake and
wind pressure should have hit me, but before I knew it, I was enclosed in a thin
blue membrane, muffling the impact I should have received. From that barrier
that Isis-san must have put up, I could sense that she was truly concerned about
me and trying to protect me, and even though it might be inappropriate for me to
feel this in a situation like this, it made me a little happy.

“Isis... You bastard... If you’re trying to stir up a fight, then I will fight
you.”

[...Shut up... Lizard... Don’t bully... Kaito.]

[Ahh, geez?! If I didn’t speak up earlier, you would have just thrown Maximum
Magic at me?! The only person I allow to have some SM play with me is Kaito-san,
you know?!]

With an obviously grim atmosphere, Magnawell-san gets up and soon after, one of
the iceberg shatters and Alice floats into the air. Arehh? Doesn’t this look
really bad? It kinda looks like a Great Kaiju War is about to begin...

The air trembles as their tremendous magic power clashes with each other. I
thought the entire area around us was going to be wiped out if this continued,
so I spoke, somehow stopping the three of them.

[Wait, everyone... Calm down...]

[Doesn’t this look quite fun?! I will be joining too!!!]

[Where the heck did this battle freak come out?!]

As if to sneer at my attempt to stop everyone, a pillar of fire rises out of
nowhere and Megiddo-san appears. Ahh, this is no good. Things are going out of
control...

[...I won’t let... anyone of you... bully Kaito.]

“I don’t know what you’ve been talking about... But if you want to fight, I will
gladly comply!”

[My patience also had its limits... “The cause of this situation may be me”, but
I won’t care about that anymore!]

[I don’t know what the heck’s going on, but isn’t this quite a great situation?!
With all of you gathered here, I will get to fight all of you!!!]

Four of the Six Kings had gathered together, and now, the battle that could be
called a natural calamity was about to begin. I’m starting to feel like escaping
reality... I can’t stop them anymore... Especially Megiddo-san who is unlikely
to stop at all. I’m pretty sure there was some tea in my magic box... I guess
I’ll go drink some...

And thus...

The battle of the scale of the Great Kaiju War between the members of the Six
Kings... quickly came to an end a few seconds after it commenced. Currently, in
front of me were the worn-out Isis-san, Megiddo-san, Alice and Magnawell-san,
and Kuro was standing in front of them with her arms crossed in front of her.

[Geez! Can’t you feel the frightening amount of magic power you’re releasing
everywhere?! Isis, Shalltear, Megiddo and Magnawell, what in the world did you
all think you’re doing?! If I hadn’t come, this whole area would have been wiped
out!!!]

[...I’m sorry...]

[...My apologies.]

[...My bad.]

“...Sorry.”

Yes, the battle between the four beings who shook the heavens and the earth
ended in the blink of an eye with the sudden appearance of Kuro’s
intervention... More accurately, Kuro beat them all up. Thanks to her, the area
wasn’t wiped out, and in the first place, when Isis-san showed up... All the
living beings in the area, other than me, had fled, so there was no beings that
had gone extinct today. However, just as Kuro looked angry and was about to
start lecturing them... I interrupted her.

[Wait, Kuro.]

[Eh?]

[Isis-san was just worried about me, and she’s being angry for my sake... So,
ummm, I hope you don’t reproach her too much.]

[...Kaito.]

Even though she was also the cause of why this battle happened, in the first
place, Isis-san was angry because she was thinking I was being bullied by Alice.
Magnawell-san was also just caught up with the battle, so I asked her not to
reproach him too much as well.

[...Ummm\~\~ Kaito-san. What about me?]

[As for Alice and Megiddo-san, please scold them as much as you want.]

[Unnn. I understand, I will go scold... “and discipline them.”]

[Wait?! Kaito-san?!]

[Wait right there, Kaito! I admit I’m at fault! I did something wrong! Anything,
but this...]

Alice was the one who started this in the first place, and when it came to
Megiddo-san, he just showed up because he wanted to fight, so I’m not going to
defend him. Nodding at my words, Kuro grabbed Alice and Megiddo-san by the
scruff of their neck and dragged them away.

“...Ummm, Kuromueina? What about the cracked ground and the frozen mountains...”

[Sorry, please fix it.]

“...Yes.”

Lillywood-san, who appeared at the same time as Kuro and had been silent until
now... Looked downcast as she began to fix the mountains that Isis-san and the
others had broken. Alice’s antics nearly led to a fight between the Six Kings.
Well, that was put to rest thanks to Kuro’s arrival... Well, however, seeing
them not afraid of fighting against each other nor are they being reserved with
each other at all, in one way or another—I think the Six Kings are close
friends.

After Alice and Megiddo-san were taken away by Kuro, I am currently talking to
Magnawell-san about the main issue. Incidentally, Isis-san really is a kind
person, and after she said that she would help Lillywood-san, she went towards
Lillywood-san to repair the mountains and the ground. For some reason though,
Lillywood-san said “Just the thought is enough. So, please don’t approach
here!”, but I don’t know the reason why. No, I’d like to pretend that I don’t
know... Ahh, she broke another mountain again.

“...Fumu, I see.”

[What do you think?]

I returned my gaze to the voice I heard beneath my feet. Currently, I’m on top
of Magnawell-san’s face as we talked. The reason for this is because compared to
Magnawell-size, I would be like a grain of rice to him, and he won’t be able to
talk without lower his head quite a bit, and considering that if he were to step
carelessly, he might make me fall on my butt again, so he let me ride above his
head while talking with him.

Well, Magnawell-san’s face alone is as big as a mountain, so talking like this
is making me feel like I’m talking with the voices resounding from the vast
grounds...

“If you had let her play-bite your neck twice, even though you yourself don’t
know about it, then the white dragon must have recognized you as her mate. If
you try to pull her away, she’ll probably act violently, and as a child, she
probably doesn’t know yet how to judge things properly.”

[...I see, what do you think I should do?]

“I think it’s best if you take responsibility and become her master but...
wouldn’t it be better if you determine what to do hereafter?”

[Yeah, about that... I’ve already made up my mind.]

“...Fumu, then that’s good. I don’t need to hear your answers. If you think your
decision is something you shouldn’t be ashamed of, raise your head while
threading through the path you’ve chosen.”

What Magnawell-san was asking was... the question of whether I will return to my
former world or stay in this world after I finish spending one year. I was quite
confused when I received Isis-san’s confession, but I’ve already sorted that out
in my mind. Currently, the only person who knows about it... is Shiro-san, who I
discussed that matter with, to which, Shiro-san has promised to cooperate.

“Since you’ve talked about this white dragon child about me... That must mean
you have some purpose for coming to visit me.”

[...Yes. I heard in the Archlesia Empire that Magnawell-san is giving them
monsters every year, am I mistaken?]

“Umu. I see now... You’re going to ask me to give you one of my dragons.”

[Yes. Ah, of course I will pay you. If that’s not possible, if you could tell me
where I could acquire some, I will try to negotiate with them there.]

The reason I came to visit Magnawell-san was simply to ask for advice, but I
also remembered what Alice had told me at the monster racetrack before. I
thought about simply going to the monster racetrack and buying it, but I don’t
know much about dragon breeds, so I don’t think I’d know which one to buy and
there may also be a chance that other people who would want to buy it. However,
it seems to be common in this world to keep monsters as pets, so there might be
other places to purchase them besides the monster racetrack. With all those
questions I had in mind, I thought I should consult Magnawell-san, the Dragon
King.

“I don’t mind... is what I’d like to say, but I have to say that it’s difficult
at the moment.”

[...What do you mean?]

“I don’t just thoughtlessly bestow monsters to humanity. Monsters possess
individual strength much greater than animals. If there are too many of them,
the ecosystem can be disrupted, so I am making adjustments. I’m not interested
in killing the weak without mercy... But to these beings that I don’t have any
choice since they held little intelligence, I have casted Subordination Magic to
them and bestowed to the humans the monsters that they were able to keep. What
that means is that it matters not to me whether I bestow it to you or to someone
else.”

[...I see, that means there are no such monsters at the moment.]

“No, there are some... but none of them surpasses the white dragon. A white
dragon is a fairly high-ranking monster... That Flying Dragon Services has a
good supply of great monsters.”

Apparently, Magnawell-san seems to be the one managing the ecosystem of the
Demon Realm, and has been giving away the monsters that have increased too much.
And the white dragon is a really high-ranking monster, and it seems to be quite
scarce. Certainly, Driver-san also said that the white dragon is rare, and it’s
not easy to find. I am aware that this is a difficult request to make to begin
with, so I’ll go talk to the manager of the monster racetrack next and see what
I can find.

“However, there also exists another way.”

[...Eh?]

“Since things are so peaceful these days, there are many of my men who have lots
of spare time on their hands. I will send some of them to that Flying Dragon
Services. Of course, it wouldn’t be for free. They will have to pay a contract
fee... However, I’ll keep it at a reasonable price, on the condition that they
turn over the white dragon to me.”

[...Is that alright?]

“Umu. It’s just as well that I’m having trouble keeping my subordinates
together.”

[Thank you very much.]

It seems that Magnawell-san will sign a contract to dispatch his subordinates to
that Flying Dragon Services. The details will likely have to be discussed with
the people of the Flying Dragon Services before things can be confirmed, but I
think I could see some hope in the situation.

[That would be a great help.]

“No, it’s alright. Being courted by a dragonkin... makes you an increasingly
interesting human. All dragonkin are my family... You should take good care of
her.”

[Yes.]

I firmly nodded at Magnawell-san’s words he calmly said. Thereupon, just at that
moment, the rocky mountain that had been reflected in my field of vision
collapsed again. However, immediately afterwards, the rocky mountains that were
supposed to have disappeared appears.

“...Good grief, these fellows... Are they going to fix it or break it... Well, I
guess it’s Isis that’s breaking them.”

[I think I can hear Lillywood-san screaming. W-Well, I don’t think Isis-san is
intentionally doing it but...]

“She’s first-rate at breaking things, but she’s not very good at fixing
things... However, I’m afraid Lillywood-san will be too pitiful if this keeps
up... Miyama Kaito, we need to give her some help.”

[Eh? Ah, yes.]

I very much agreed that Lillywood-san was quite pitiful, but not understanding
the meaning of the words that followed, I tilted my head. Then, Magnawell-san
slowly raises his head and speaks in the direction where Isis-san and
Lillywood-san are probably located.

“Isis... Miyama Kaito said he wants to talk to you.”

[...Okay.]

[Where did you?!]

The moment Magnawell-san said those words, Isis-san appeared in front of me...
she’s really fast. Anyway, now I know what Magnawell-san’s intentions are. In
other words, he wants me to talk with Isis-san until Lillywood-san finishes her
repairs.

[...Errr, ahh, that’s right! Isis-san, it’s about the book you gave me the other
day...]

[...Have you finished reading it? ...I’m glad.]

[Yes, so I’d like to hear what you think about that book, Isis-san.]

[...Unnn!]

Seeing Isis-san smiling happily at my words, I smile too. When I see the glowing
words “Thank you for the help.” floating in the position of the rocky mountain
that was broken earlier, I can feel how troubled Lillywood-san is. Well, I enjoy
talking to Isis-san and if it can help Lillywood-san, I think it’s safe to say
that I’m killing two birds with one stone.

“You enjoy talking with Isis... huh... You really are different.”

I thought I heard such a gentle whisper from somewhere.

---

[...I-I see. T-That means that this is what’s going to happen? In exchange for
handing over the baby dragon to Miyama-san, D-D-Dragon King-sama... will make a
contract with us and send his subordinates to us?]

[Yes.]

[...I’m sorry. It’s just that my head refuses to understand.]

When I returned from the Demon Realm and explained the situation, Driver-san
looked bewildered as she muttered.

[...M-Miyama-san, you’re acquainted with Dragon King-sama?]

[Y-Yes, well.]

...It’s not just Magnawell-san, but I think I would know what would happen to
Driver-san if I told her the truth. Trust me, I have experienced it from
Lilia-san’s reaction in the past. Seeing me nod, Driver-san remained stunned for
a while before she spoke.

[...That would certainly make us grateful. Or rather, making us extremely
grateful... I’m quite grateful that Dragon King-sama is sending his subordinates
to us, but having a direct connection with Dragon King-sama isn’t something you
could be measured with money!]

[Is that so?]

[Yes, the Dragon King-sama is like a god to the peddlers and to us who belong in
the Flying Dragons industry. Including me, many merchants carry around
decorations symbolizing a dragon as good luck charms.]

Apparently, after Magnawell-san gifted multiple monsters to humanity and created
the foundation of the Flying Dragon Services, he has received immense faith as a
God of Commerce. It seems that having a direct connection with Magnawell-san is
a promise of success for businessmen, and that’s why there are many people who
seek to have connections with him.

[If it’s alright with you then... He said he would send an envoy in the near
future.]

[Yes, I understand. Well then, once that contract is signed, I promise to hand
over the baby dragon to Miyama-san.]

[Thank you very much.]

[Kyuii!]

Incidentally, it seems that Driver-san is also the person in charge of this
Flying Dragon Services, so she also has the right to make decisions. Therefore,
if Driver-san agrees to it, it can be said that the decision to acquire the baby
dragon is made once the contract with Magnawell-san is completed.

And, as if the baby dragon could also understand, it happily looked up towards
me.

[Unnn. With this, I can take you with me the next time I visit.]

[Kyuii! Kyuukyuu\~\~]

[Ahaha, that tickles—]

As if she’s really happy, the baby dragon rubs her face against my cheek,
fawning towards me.

Being soothed by her very cute appearance, and after using my Teleportation
Magic Tool one time to tell Magnawell-san the result of our conversation, I
decided to play with the baby dragon for the remaining time.

---

[...And so, that’s how it is...]

[...Haahhh... Just when I thought you’d already encountered all the Six Kings
along with the most powerful Gods... You started reaching out your hands to
monsters this time huh...]

In front of me, who was explaining to her what happened, Lilia-san let out a
sigh with a dumbfounded expression on her face. I was prepared if she gets
angry, so I just sincerely requested her but... She doesn’t seem to be as angry
as I thought she would be.

[Putting aside if it’s as big as Bell, but if it’s only a baby dragon, it’s not
like we would need a new shed for her. Besides, Kaito-san seems to be taking
good care of Bell, so there shouldn’t be any problem. You can keep her.]

[Eh? No, but if you’re saying it like that, Sieg-san is the one taking care of
Bell more...]

[No, I was just only around Bell-chan to play with him though? It’s mostly
Kaito-san who does most of the feeding and brushing...]

I was grateful to Lilia-san for easily agreeing to keep the baby dragon, but
since Sieg-san is largely responsible for taking care of Bell, I was somewhat
apologetic as I replied, but Sieg-san interposed there.

[No, Sieg-san taught me lots of things, and it’s like I’m only helping her while
Sieg-san is the one taking the lead.]

[No, I’m just there to make suggestions and help a bit. It’s Kaito-san who’s
also walking him and...]

[...I guess I understand now what people meant when they said how two different
people resemble each other.]

As I’m having that conversation with Sieg-san that seems like we won’t be
agreeing on something any sooner, Lilia-san looks dumbfounded again while she
mutters. With those words, the conversation is interrupted once, but soon,
Sieg-san turns to me with sparkling eyes.

[However, for a baby dragon to be next just after Bell-chan... This is quite the
happiness. The white dragon’s scales are as beautiful as pearls, and I think its
baby-doll eyes are very cute! Ahh, speaking of which, what’s the name of the
baby dragon?]

[I heard her name is Lindwurm, so we’ll call her Lynn.]

[Lynn-chan huh... What a lovely name. Being able to keep a child like her...
Kaito-san, that’s fantastic!]

The animal-loving Sieg-san’s excitement seems to be very high already, and she’s
somewhat excitedly looking forward to the arrival of the baby dragon... Lynn.
I’m sure she must have seen her when we went to the Sacred Tree Festival before,
but at that time, she was more concerned about us riding flying dragons for the
first time, and was desperately holding herself back.

[...Sieg, I’m just saying this now, but don’t bring her into your room.]

[...Eh? Even though I was holding back when it comes to Bell-chan...]

[That’s no good?! Or rather, you’re probably still sleeping in Bell’s cabin just
with a pillow every now and then...]

[...But Bell-chan is so fluffy and cute, you know?]

[...That’s not the point here.]

It seems that Sieg-san’s love for animals is that staunch, and although I didn’t
know it, she had slept in Bell’s cabin a few times. It’s true that Bell’s fur is
fluffy, and since I’m not skimping on brushing him, his fur really feels great
to touch but... Sieg-san... You even tried to lead him into your room?! Bell is
almost 5 meters wide, so how is she planning to...

[...Milady, is that really something you can tell others of?]

[W-What are you talking about?! Luna...]

[You just agreed to keeping her this time, but I wonder why you agreed so
quickly?]

[T-T-That is... Because unlike Bell, the baby dragon is small...]

Arehh? That’s kind of a clunky answer she has there... It’s quite clear on her
face, but I wonder if she’s trying to deceive us? Lilia-san isn’t the kind of
person who can lie after all...

Well, however, it certainly is as Lunamaria-san says, she just quickly agreed,
and I feel there’s something out of place about it. In fact, until I started
talking to her, I was prepared that she would be complaining or start scolding
me but...

[Ahh, come to think of it, Lili...]

[Sieg?!]

[Eh? Is there something up?]

For some reason, Sieg-san also seemed to have clapped her hands, as if she
understood something, while I, the only one who didn’t understand what’s
happening, just tilted my head.

Thereupon, Lunamaria-san turned to me and gave me the answer why.

[...Milady likes dragons.]

[L-Luna?!]

[Eh? Is that so?]

[Yes, even the family crest of the Albert Duchy is of the symbol of a dragon...
And even though it’s too late to say this, even when we were about to go to the
Sacred Tree Festival... Milady could have asked the Court Mage to arrange for
Teleportation Magic to bring us there. The reason why we went there with flying
dragons is because she just wanted to ride one.]

[...]

I was wondering if Lunamaria-san’s words were spot on, but when I turned to
Lilia-san, she seemed to have averted her gaze, looking out towards who knows
where. Back when we were about to go to the Sacred Tree Festival, I still didn’t
know much about Teleportation Magic, but if we could use Teleportation Magic,
it’s certainly faster to use it.

And so, the reason why she easily agreed to keeping Lynn this time is because
she’s a dragon... Or rather, the reason why she warned Sieg-san not to bring her
into her room... is probably because she wants to bring her into her room
herself...

[...I mean... aren’t dragons... really cool...]

Still with her gaze turned away, Lilia-san muttered with a slight blush on her
cheeks... Making her look so cute. Maybe it’s because she’s usually so calm, but
seeing this gap feels... calming? No, that isn’t the case huh...

[Kaito-san?]

[N-No, I’m not saying anything?!]

As if she could see through my thoughts, she glances at me while my body
flusteredly straightened. Lunamaria-san doesn’t seem to care about that at all
though, as she turns to Lilia-san and speaks.

[One of the things Milady won’t concede with is that Dragon King-sama is the one
with the best appearance among the Six Kings. However, that’s something I don’t
agree with.]

[Isn’t it obvious that the majestic appearance of Dragon King-sama makes him the
best of them all?!]

[No, Underworld King-sama’s loveliness is unrivaled!]

[...Why did you suddenly start quarreling...]

For some reason, a debate broke out between Lilia-san and Lunamaria-san about
who looks best among the Six Kings, and they both begin passionately talking
about how great their endorsed king is. Lilia-san seems to really like dragons,
and talks about how majestic Magnawell-san is. From my point of view though,
Magnawell-san is, well... Today, before I went home, he gave me a scale again,
saying that it’s my allowance, and he loves to talk. Magnawell-san had the image
of a grandfather for me.

Though if I had to pick on which side I am, I would go with Lunamaria-san’s
side... I think Kuro is the best... Well, that would only add fuel to the fire,
so let’s just shut up here.

[...Kaito-san.]

[Unnn? What is it, Sieg-san?]

[I’ll take good care of them, so please bring more monsters. I’d also like to
have a funny rabbit.]

[...]

And just as they were arguing, Sieg-san was still the same as ever. Her
sparkling eyes were so pretty that I almost reflexively said yes, but I somehow
managed to keep myself from speaking.

---

The 20th day of the Tree month. Under the clear sky, I stood in the garden of
Lilia-san’s mansion, my eyes scurrying about. There’s actually a visitor
scheduled to come to Lilia-san’s mansion today, and I’m the one to greet him.
The reason as to why I, who isn’t a servant of Lilia-san’s mansion, is coming to
greet him is because this visitor is an acquaintance of mine... Hmmm. It’s about
time he arrived...

Shortly after thinking that, I heard a loud voice that resounded well in the
garden.

[Oiii. Kaito!]

[Acht!]

A large man with blue skin and two horns, standing nearly two meters tall...
This is Acht, a Blue Ogre who I met and became friends with when I was invited
to eat barbecue by Kuro. It seems that he came in human form just as I asked him
to do before, greatly waving his hand as he walked towards me with a refreshing
smile on his face.

[Well\~\~ My bad, we took the wrong turn earlier and arrived a bit late.]

[No, it’s fine. Welcome, Acht.]

[Ohh! Ahh, that’s right, let me introduce you. This is my partner...]

[I’m Eval, a Special Individual of the Black Wolf Race, the Silver Wolf. It’s a
pleasure to meet you.]

With Acht’s words, a beautiful silver-haired woman appears from behind. With
long, bushy hair resembling that of a lion’s mane, large triangular beast ears,
and even a long silver tail peeking out from her waist, she’s a beautiful woman
that definitely looks like a beastman. The word “fluffy” somehow popped into my
head.

[I’m Miyama Kaito. It’s my pleasure to meet you too. Eval-san.]

[You can just call me Eva if you want. I’m just like this idiot, people who
didn’t have a good upbringing. Calling me that uprightly is just making my back
itchy. I’m also going to call you Kaito, too.]

[I understand... Ah, no, got it.]

I feel that Eva has a personality much like Acht. Hearing what I said, Eva lets
out a refreshing smile, showing what being a “cool beauty” is.

[I wasn’t able to attend the barbecue last time... Did my “idiot husband” do
anything strange?]

[...Husband?]

[Unnn? I’m talking about Acht.]

[...Eh? Eeehhh?! A-Acht is already married?!]

[Ooiii, Kaito. Why are you that surprised... Or rather, what were you thinking
about me...]

Kuhh, what is this... He looks like he would be completely clueless regarding
love affairs, but this damned Acht, for him to be able to marry such a beautiful
woman... Riajuu, go explode... Ah, no, that’s no good. I also have Isis-san by
my side already, so I guess I’m also one of them riajuus huh...

[N-No, I’m sorry. I heard that you were his partner, but I didn’t think you were
his wife...]

[Unnn? Ah, I really didn’t mention it huh... We’ve been married for eight
hundred years now.]

[...Well, I’m still wondering why I ended up with this idiot...]

[Oi, oi, you’ve been calling me idiot since before, aren’t you being mean...]

[...Who was it that was completely enjoying drinking with me again?]

[...I’m sorry.]

Yep. I’ve already figured out the power relationship between them in that short
conversation... Acht is being completely led by the nose. Well, that shows how
close they are to each other... ah, I wasn’t able to ask him because I had to
say hello to Eva first, but I guess I’ll ask him now.

[...Acht, is Neun-san not able to come?]

[Ahh... Oi! Neun! Until when are you going to hide there?!]

[...Eh?]

In addition to Acht and Eva, Neun-san was also supposed to come today but... I
can’t see her right from the start. When I asked Acht about it, Acht looked
backwards and called Neun-san’s name.

Thereupon... A familiar helmet appeared from quite a distance away, or rather,
from the shadow of the gate of Lilia-san’s mansion.

[...I-I can’t. M-M-My heart i-i-isn’t ready yet... A-A-Aren’t we just supposed
to meet before our m-m-marriage ceremony?]

[What the heck are you talking about? You’ve been talking about strange stuff
since before... Hey, just come already.]

[Aaahhh?! Please let go of me, Eva-sama?! P-P-Premarital relationships here is
no good! I have to stay chaste until I’m married! H-H-However, if K-K-Kaito-san
w-w-wishes for it, I’m not sure I can say no to him!]

[No, you’re making too big of a leap there...]

Eva-san drags Neun-san, who has been hiding behind the gate and hasn’t come
towards us at all, while letting out a sigh. Even while she was being dragged,
Neun-san was still saying incomprehensible things.

[...Hey, Acht. Could it be that Neun-san isn’t feeling well?]

[...Are you... for real?]

[Eh?]

[...Kaito, knowing your worth is important, you know...]

[...Eh?]

For some reason, Acht looked dumbfounded and patted me on my shoulder... What is
this? Also, what does Neun-san mean earlier? She wouldn’t be able to say no if I
asked him something? Ahh, could it be... She’s talking about letting me drink
some of her miso soup?! No, no, I was just talking about if she could really
make some, so it’s not like I would force her to make some if it’s impossible...

Thinking of the reason why Neun-san was flustered, I approached Neun-san whom
Eva-san had dragged along, and spoke to her.

[...Neun-san.]

[Hyyiiihhh?!]

[You don’t have to push yourself too hard. I will really be patiently waiting
so... It’s alright for me to wait until Neun-san’s heart is finally ready.]

[Ahh... Y-Yes. I’m sorry that... I’m such a cowardly woman.]

[No, no, don’t worry about it. Your modestness is also one of the lovely things
about you, Neun-san.]

[Hwehh?! Awawawauu... auu...]

Neun-san is really like a woman from Taisho Era, a very reserved person. Even if
it’s just serving a single home-cooked meal, she needs to get to know that
person well, or something like that... Is this what they call a Yamato
Nadeshiko? She’s like one of those women who would be three steps behind a man,
following him, which I think is quite adorable.

When I honestly told her how I felt, Neun-san’s armor rattled along as her face
looked down. I originally couldn’t see her face because of her armor, but I feel
like she’s somewhat depressed. Since she has a strong sense of responsibility,
she may be feeling sorry while thinking about what I think.

[...Hey, Acht... Is he always like that?]

[...Probably, or rather, definitely. He certainly is like that back when we
first met... but for him to be this bad...]

[I’m starting to feel some pity to Neun now... Alright! I’ll go cooperate with
her for a bit!]

[Oooiii, you shouldn’t intrude on their matters too much...]

After I heard Acht and Eva talking about something, Eva then approached me and
Neun-san.

[Hey, Kaito... You think that Neun is a good woman, right? She got a solid hold
of herself, good at cooking... Don’t you think she’d make a good wife?]

[Wha?! E-E-Eva-sama?! What are you suddenly saying?!]

[Eh? Yes, I think Neun-san is a very wonderful person. I’m sure that the person
who will have her as his bride would be a very happy person.]

[Eh?! Awawawa, K-K-Kaito-san?! V-V-Very happy, t-t-that is... T-T-That’s no
good, i-i-it’s still too early...]

In response to Eva’s question, Neun-san began to tremble more, and the sound of
her armor rattled louder.

[Neun-san? Are you okay? You look kind of...]

[Hyaaahhh?! K-K-Kaito-san, your face is too close...]

[Could it be that you’re feeling sick... I can’t see your face though, could you
take your armor off for a moment?]

[T-T-Take it off?! T-T-That is, errr... I-I-I would like to r-r-respond to your
r-r-request but... I-I-I’d like my f-f-first night to at least be in a
b-b-bed...]

[First night? Errr... I don’t think we’re talking about that right now...
Anyway, please take your armor off.]

[T-T-That’s no good?! I-I-It’s still in the middle of the day, y-y-you want me
to...]

Hmmm, Neun-san really isn’t feeling well. She has been saying lots of
incomprehensible things since a while ago... So it might be possible that she
really isn’t feeling well, so I should probably push her a little harder.
Thinking that, I took a step closer to Neun-san and reached for her helmet.

[Awawawa?! K-K-Kaito-san?!]

[Excuse me, I might be a bit forceful but... I’m going to take your helmet off.
I need to see whether you’re feeling unwell or not...]

[Auuu... waauu... u-ummm... p-please be gentle with me...]

[...Yeah?]

Neun-san muttered in a voice I couldn’t hear, I just tilted my head again.

[...Looking at these two looks interesting but... It doesn’t look like they
would be able to move forward with the real topic at this point.]

[Like I said, don’t unnecessarily intrude on their matters too much...]

It took quite some time, but Neun-san finally settled down and once again, I
brought the 3 of them to the reception room where Lilia-san was waiting.

[Welcome to our humble abode. I’m the family head of the Albert Duchy, Lilia
Albert.]

[Well... Errr, Acht... What should I say here?]

[Like hell would I know... I’m sorry, me and this fellow aren’t really raised
with that upbringing. We don’t mean to be rude, but please cut us some slack
regarding that.]

[No, please make yourself comfortable.]

Although Acht and the others are Kuro’s family, they don’t seem to be
peerage-level high-ranking Demons, so apparently, Lilia-san, who is a Duchess,
is in a higher position than them. Neun-san quickly stepped forward from beside
Acht and Eva, who were somewhat nervous while speaking, and deeply bowed to
Lilia-san.

[Her Excellency Duchess Albert, please forgive me for the rudeness of greeting
you while dressed in armor. I believe it’s the first time we’ve met. I’m
Kurumueina-sama’s retainer, by the name of Neun. I can’t express my gratitude to
her Excellency Duchess Albert for your kindness in accepting us today despite
our unexpected visit.]

[...I see, so that’s how you greet people huh...]

[I guess bringing along Neun is right.]

Unlike Acht and Eva, Neun-san firmly greets Lilia-san while kneeling on one knee
that could be described as a knight’s courtesy... She looks like a different
person from what she looked like earlier. Lilia-san calmly replies to Neun-san’s
greeting and tells her to be at ease, and after giving her thanks, Neun-san
stoods up.

Then, prompted by Lilia-san, after Acht and the others took their seats,
sounding moved, Lunamaria-san spoke.

[...It’s been a long time since Milady has been in a higher position than her
guests. She’s still a Duchess after all, so she should be pretty high up...]

[...Yes, seriously... Kaito-san has finally brought someone normal here...
That’s right after all. He has already... finished talking with everyone. He
won’t bring anyone outrageous, making me pass out anymore, right?! Ah, this is
no good, why am I... getting nervous...]

[...]

Seeing Lilia-san, who looks relieved from the bottom of her heart and has a
bright smile on her face, a tremendous amount of sweat began running down behind
my back. W-What should I do... Should I tell her about Neun-san or not...

[Oi, Kaito... What the heck did you do to her? That Duchess looks like she’s
been released from hell...]

[Ah, no, errr...]

[...U-Ummm, Kaito-san... Should I tell her my real identity?]

[...Errr, you don’t mind?]

[...Yes, it’s fine with me.]

As I listened to the words Acht said, Neun-san whispered next to my ears, making
me feel an ever colder sensation running down my spine. By the way, I may be
digressing, but Neun-san seems to know that I know she’s the First Hero... or
rather, Neun-san seemed to think that I became aware of it when she first showed
her face.

What should I do here though... Lilia-san is scary, super scary... However, if I
keep my mouth shut here, and if she finds out later, she will probably become
more terrifying. In that case, the right option to do here would really be to be
honest right now... Neun-san also doesn’t seem to mind anyway...

[...Neun-san, I’m sorry. Please.]

[...Understood.]

Seeing Lilia-san’s face that looked too relieved, I relished the feeling of my
face turning pale, and after moistening my thirsty throat with tea, I spoke.

[U-Ummm, Lilia-san...]

[Yes?]

[...P-Please, keep calm and listen to what we will say.]

[...Eh? What is this? I have a very bad feeling about this...]

[I also ask you the same. Please don’t unnecessarily reveal this to anyone
else...]

[...Eh? Errr... Neun-sama? What in the world are you...]

Hearing the seriousness from Neun-san and my tone, Lilia-san’s expression turns
dim and a drop of sweat runs down her forehead. In front of Lilia-san and the
others, when Neun-san touched her helmet, it turned into a black mist and
disappeared, and a Japanese woman with beautiful black hair appeared. If
Aoi-chan is as glossy as the wet feathers of a crow, then Neun-sann’s is a deep,
powerful black like obsidian, and combined with her well-defined face, the words
“Yamato Nadeshiko” perfectly fits her.

And then, looking at Neun-san’s uncovered face... Lilia-san fell over her chair.

[...]

Then, slowly crawling away from her, she tightly grips Lunamaria-san’s skirt.

[...Luna, Luna... I’ve seen that person before... She has the same face as the
statue in the Friendship City before...]

[...P-P-Please calm down, Milady, she might be just someone resembling her.]

[...T-That’s right, isn’t it?! I’m sorry that I lost my composure just now.]

Lilia-san seemed to have calmed down a bit after hearing Lunamaria-san’s words,
and she gracefully stands up but... Neun-san mercilessly spoke.

[Introducing myself once again, I may have changed my name to Neun now... but my
real name was Kujou Hikari.]

[...]

Hearing the words she forcefully said, all of the expressions disappeared from
Lilia-san’s face.

[...Eh? Kujou Hikari... Eh? The First Hero? T-The real one?]

[Yes.]

[...Ah, errr, hawawawawa... I-I’m sorry for my impoliteness... Kyuuuuu\~\~]

[Milady?!]

Lilia-san expression turned paler and paler, her eyes then rolled upturned,
collapsing like a puppet that lost its strings. Lunamaria-san hurriedly rushed
to Lilia-san’s side and slowly shifted her shivering gaze to me.

[...Miyama-sama... For you to still have cards beneath your sleeves... What a
frightening person, you are. I certainly felt it, your passionate conviction to
destroy Milady’s stomach at all costs.]

[...No, I don’t have such convictions at all.]

After a while, Lilia-san, who had regained her consciousness, sat on a chair and
held her head in her hands.

[...The First Hero-sama had become a Demon? Isn’t that something really big...
Why is the fact always this shocking... No mooooreeee... Kaito-san is scary...
What’s next? Is he going to tell me that the Demon King is actually alive... and
brought her home...? Kaito-san is scary... I wanna go hoooomeeee...]

[Calm down, Milady, you’re already in our home.]

As Lilia-san mutters while her face looks pale, Lunamaria-san desperately
comforts her. As I’m stunned by such a scene, Acht and the others came to talk
to me.

[...Kaito, seriously, what did you do... It’s like she turned into an afraid
small animal...]

[N-No, well, lots of things happened...]

[Kaito, you’re surprisingly an S huh...]

[No, I’m not...]

[I also didn’t expect that she would be this surprised... or rather, her
reaction was as if she had met all the Six Kings... No, her reaction far exceeds
that.]

[...]

I’m sorry, not only did she meet all the Six Kings, she has also met all of the
Supreme Gods. And then, after Lilia-san just mutters like that, she gets up from
her chair... and gives us a beautiful smile... a smile so beautiful that it
looks frightening.

[Acht-sama, Eval-sama, Kujou Hika... No, Neun-sama. I’m sorry, but please wait
for a moment... Kaito-san.]

[Y-Y-Yes?!]

[...Let’s go to another room for a moment. There’s something important we need
to talk about... Something very important...]

[...Yes.]

Staring at me with her completely glazed eyes, Lilia-san looks very frightening.
Not being able to object at all, I was brought to another room... and was made
to sit in a seiza.

[What the heck does this mean?! Why the heck did that happen to First
Hero-sama?! You really are... Or rather, by the way you speak earlier, you knew
about it long before, right?!]

[I-I’m sorry?!]

[No, I’ve had enough, I will not forgive you anymore!!! You’ve just asked for my
forgiveness a few days before... and not even a few days passed, you’re doing
this now?! I’m not asking you to not be acquainted with them, but can’t you
properly report at all?! To begin with, you have always been...]

[...I-I’m sorry.]

And thus, I had received a very long sermon from Lilia-san, who had turned into
a Shura, and I only returned back to where Acht and the others were... two hours
later.

Receiving the sermon from the teary-eyed Lilia-san... Unnn, no matter how I
think about it, this was my fault. I’ve known about Neun-san’s identity for
months already, and we’ve even been exchanging letters with each other for a
long time, so there were plenty of opportunities for me to confirm whether it’s
okay or not to tell Lilia-san who she really was. When I think about it now, I
feel ashamed of myself, wondering why I didn’t think of that.

Incidentally, during the long sermon by Lilia-san, Lunamaria-san was showing
Acht and the others around the mansion and serving them tea. I think that this
kind of attention to detail makes me think that it’s to be expected from her...
but if only she didn’t have a bad habit of making fun of people, she’d be a good
maid...

Anyway, Lilia-san also regained herself, and after exchanging words with Acht
and the others, the three of them wanted to move to my room to chat with me.

As expected, I’m quite tired after sitting on seiza for two hours, so I can’t
help but let out a sigh as I enter my room.

[Kaito, you okay?]

[Ahh, well...]

[I’ve roughly heard about why before... I knew she looked tough, but she’s only
around her 20s. You should be more concerned about her.]

[I don’t have any words to refute that.]

Acht, who spoke to me with a wry smile on his face, is really like an older
brother... and surprisingly, he seemed to care about women very well. Perhaps,
that’s what it means to be a popular man... I also need to pay more attention to
things in the future.

[Speaking of which, Neun-san. After all this time hiding it, was it okay for you
to reveal your identity to Lilia-san?]

[Yes, it’s not like I’m really trying hard to hide it...]

[Eh? Then, why are you usually wearing armor?]

Neun-san is usually in full body armor, and I’ve only seen her true face twice,
including just now.

Anyhow, she’s still in that armor, and I don’t know how she does it, but she’s
eating even with her helmet on... In a way, it felt like she was hiding her
identity more than Alice does... but the person-in-question doesn’t seem to
think like that at all.

When I voiced out my doubts, fidgeting for a bit, Neun-san shyly shifted her
body. Her face, which is usually hidden by the armor and not visible, is
slightly blushing red, and her gestures are very cute.

[...It’s because... I-I’m embarrassed.]

[Eh?]

[I-I mean, there are all these weird exaggerated stories about me all over the
world, including my portraits and stuff! Even the Friendship City is named after
my name, and there’s even a statue of me, you know?!]

[...I-I see.]

I-Indeed, now that she said it... For the people of this world, the First Hero
was a tremendously big name, and her name still resounds around the world as the
Hero. How should I say this... I guess it’s like how someone would feel if your
portrait is all over the place? Perhaps, the founder of that certain famous
fried chicken chain restaurant would have felt that way if he were alive today.

[Moreover, putting aside if it’s just a statue! They’ve even found my old
diaries and the letters I’ve discarded, you know?! There’s no way I can show my
face in public anymore!!!]

[I don’t think that’s something you should be particularly concerned about...]

[Eva-sama... B-But...]

[Speaking of which, in the Friendship City, don’t they have that Hikari Manjuu
pastry over there?]

[...]

[Acht?! You really had to add unnecessary details...]

[Ah, sorry.]

Neun-san crouched down, covering her face with her hands... I know it’s rude to
think like this in this situation, but she looks really cute. Looking at the
scene where Acht and Eva are comforting the flustered Neun-san, a small smile
appeared on my face. When I see them getting along like this, I can strongly
feel that these people really are family, and even if it’s just for a bit... I
feel a little jealous. Feeling somewhat calm, I watched the three of them for a
while.

Just as Neun-san has finally calmed down, I suddenly remembered the date with
Kuro at the end of this month. Honestly, I’m still struggling with the whole
date course thing, and I wasn’t sure what to do about it but... If I ask Acht
and the others, they might be able to tell me the places where Kuro would be
happy to go.

[...Ummm, I’m going to change the subject but... Can I consult you for something
for a bit?]

[Unnn?]

[Eh?]

[Yes?]

When I called out to them, the three of them immediately turned to me and tilted
their heads.

Feeling a little embarrassed to start talking, I slowly opened up the topic.

[...I actually invited Kuro to go out... But I was hoping to ask what place...]

[When is that?!]

[Uwooohhh?! A-Alice? Why are you here...]

[Just put it aside for now, so when is that date?!]

Right after I opened my mouth to consult Acht and the others, Alice appeared in
front of me. Moreover, Alice looks much sharper and tenser than I would normally
expect. Not only that, but it was really unusual for Alice, who should know
everything, to be genuinely surprised about this.

[A-Alice... Errr, I thought you would definitely have known about it already.]

[...Everytime Kuro-san meets Kaito-san in your room, you would always have a
strong barrier around your room... The conversations you and Kuro-san had in
this room... I wouldn’t know about it. A-Anyway, please give me the date!!!]

[O-On the 30th of the Tree month...?]

[The 30th of the Tree month... It’s much earlier than I expected... Kuh?!
Kaito-san, please do me a favor!]

[Eh, what?]

While being pressured by Alice’s words she rapidly spoke, I tilted my head in
response to her words. I don’t know... Why is Alice that flustered?

[On the 29th day of the Tree month, the day before you go out with Kuro-san,
please come to my shop. Give me a day’s time!]

[Eh? Unnn?]

[Please! This is important!!!]

[I-I understand...]

I didn’t know what Alice meant by her words, but she didn’t feel like she was
joking around, and she really had something important to say. Hearing my words,
Alice let out a sigh of relief, then flipping her chained robe around her body,
she shouted.

[Emergency call! All Count-ranks, assemble!]

[ [ [ [ Wha?! ] ] ] ]

The moment Alice announced it, ten black-robed beings appeared in my room. If
it’s just as Alice said earlier... These ten beings are all Count-level
high-ranking Demons... All of whom are beings that you would definitely be
counted among the top, even within the Demon Realm.

In front of the four of us who are surprised by their sudden appearance, Alice
opens her mouth in a serious tone.

[I will now leave on an urgent business. Until I return, please guard
Kaito-san... If you get even one graze on Kaito-san, you can expect that all of
your heads will fall off. And also, it goes without saying, but respond to
Kaito-san’s orders as if his orders receive priority over everything else...]

[ [ [ [ [ [ [ [ [ [ Yes! ] ] ] ] ] ] ] ] ] ]

With a single, uniformed movement, the ten High-ranking Demons got down on one
knee and afterwards, immediately disappeared. If Alice’s words are correct...
then all of them are my hidden guards. What the heck is that, it’s making me
uncomfortable... Where did my privacy go?

[...Kaito-san, I’m sorry. I’ll be gone for a few days... In the meantime, if you
have any orders, one of my subordinates will deal with it, so feel free to let
them know what you need.]

[Eh? Y-Yeah...]

[Now then, by your leave.]

Telling that to the still confused me, Alice disappears too. I wonder what this
is, this feeling... It was as if there was an abnormal situation, but why is
this happening? No, I mean, all I said was that I will be going out with Kuro,
right? She was so tense that it feels like a great war is about to start...

Alice looked different than usual, acting really serious... It was as
if—something big was about to happen.
