---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 4: The Promised Date

As the meat grilled on the wire mesh, its fragrant smell wafts through the air.
As if it’s drenched in sweat, its beautiful red flesh is soaking in its lustrous
fatty juices, whetting the appetite of the people looking at it.

[Hagfuu, ahmm... Awhhhh?! Kaito-san, I was the one who was cooking up that
meat...]

[You still have lots on your plate, you know? I mean, whose money do you think
is used to buy these.... Don’t you even know what being reserved is...]

[Food bought with other people’s money is the tastiest!]

[You b*stard...]

Right now, in front of me, Alice is wearing her usual opera mask and continues
to eat meat at a terrific speed. How did this happen? As I recall, after Alice’s
true identity was revealed... The chaos ensuing around us unexpectedly quickly
came to a halt. After confirming that Alice has no intention of hurting me,
Chronois-san took Fate-san, who was trying to push her away, and the
green-haired woman, who was still asleep, back to the God Realm because they
apparently had work to do. Leaving the words “Uncle here is more of an outsider
in this matter, so I’ll be excusing myself. I’m just glad you’re safe,
Miyama-kun”, Ozma-san also left. I really admire that back of his, brimming with
refinement.

And then, Alice finally told Lilia-san about her intentions for the series of
events she had me go through... is what I thought, but she just kept on dodging
the questions and didn’t tell them the most important part of the situation. In
the end, what they did find out was that Alice had some sort of purpose for
giving me those tests, and I passed them. That’s all they found out though.
Lilia-san and the others have also decided that they can’t come on too strong
with Alice, being that she’s the Phantasmal King, so Alice, who is quite
eloquent, cut off her explanation at an appropriate point and ended that
situation. As for me, I was curious about her purpose, but since Alice was
hiding it from me, I didn’t want to pursue it too deeply, and just consented to
her explaining things vaguely.

Thereupon, for some reason, Alice said that she wanted to talk with me about
something, and now, I ended up buying her yakiniku for dinner... Unnn. How the
heck did this happen?

[Omnom... I mean, look, I’ve sworn my loyalty to Kaito-san... Omn... That means,
I’m your subordinate and Kaito-san is my boss. On these occasions, the boss
should be treating their subordinates!]

[..........]

...This f*cking b*tch. She started saying things that sounded quite convenient.
For her, that is.

I was quite surprised but... Well, I’m sure most of her money is gone again
anyway, and she’s helped me with all sorts of stuff and I asked for her help
just now... I guess treating her is fine.

[...Even so, there are yakiniku restaurants in this world huh~~ I guess this was
also passed down by one of the people who held the role of Hero back then?]

[Yes, they were partly why these restaurants exist. Of course, the culture of
eating grilled meat already existed in this world, but thanks to the
introduction of someone who used to play the role of Hero of the yakiniku sauce,
it became something major for the populace.]

[Heehhh... So this world really is quite influenced by the world I was in,
right?]

[...Hmmm]

Hearing my question, Alice stops her hands from eating meat for a moment before
she thought about it for a bit.

[The world that Kaito-san was in and this world... With the difference between
science and magic, our worlds have tread upon different histories, and it may be
hard to say which one is more developed... But when it comes to food culture,
the world Kaito-san came from was farm more advanced than here.]

[...Fumu]

It’s true that the magic and magic tools in this world can do things that are
impossible with science, and since our cultures and histories are different to
begin with, it would be impossible to decide which world is better, and there is
no point in deciding that anyway.

But when it comes to food, the world I lived in seems to be superior, as
especially regarding the food culture, it was greatly influenced by the previous
people that held the role of Hero.

[Well, it’s not like everything the previous people who held the role of Hero
passed down became popular though. I think they also tried spreading that white
rice food? That is, how should I say this... For us who are used to eating
bread, eating that as the main dish feels uncomfortable.]

[I see, I certainly felt uncomfortable when I was just eating bread all the
time, so maybe it’s a difference in environment...]

[Yes, well, the people who play the role of Hero are very happy with eating
white rice, so we grow a small amount of them in each country. It’s a status
symbol for a country to make a good impression to those people who play the role
of Hero.]

[Unnn... I know exactly how they feel.]

It certainly makes me want to eat rice. When Neun-san gave me that rice before,
I was deeply moved... and I’m still feeling grateful to her as I eat rice. Then,
after hearing Alice’s words, I suddenly remembered about someone.

[Speaking of which, Alice... There’s something I’d like to ask you.]

[What is it?]

[Mitsunaga -kun... The child who now holds the role of Hero... do you know how
he’s doing right now?]

Alice is the Phantasmal King who holds all the information in the world, so she
may know any information about Mitsunaga-kun. He’s close with Kusunoki-san and
Yuzuki-san, and he’s also someone from the same world. I’ve met some good people
and I’m having lots of fun with them now but... What about Mitsunaga-kun? I knew
it would be difficult to be alone in a place with a different culture, so I’m a
little worried about him.

[...You’re really kind, aren’t you, Kaito-san? Yes, well, if it’s something like
that... I’ll get the latest information for you.]

[Eh?]

Hearing my words, a smile appears on her lips, and Alice snaps her fingers.
Thereupon, the woman who was serving us comes up to our table and places a stack
of papers that she took out of nowhere on the table.

[Here you go.]

[Thanks for the help.]

The waitress just slightly bowed and went back to work as if nothing had
happened, while Alice flipped through the stack of papers she had received.

[...Hey, Alice. That person just now...]

[Eh? Yes, she’s my subordinate. Well, my subordinates are in most places, so
this way, I can get the latest information right away.]

[...Does that mean she also knows who Alice is?]

[Ahh~ No, I’ve given all of my subordinates a magic tool that only responds to
my magic power, so if I were to give them instructions, they’ll know where I
am.]

The Phantasmal King’s subordinates exist in every part of the world... I think I
felt a part of Alice’s power as I realized once again the meaning of those
words. However, Alice’s behavior doesn’t particularly change, and after she
flipped through the documents for a while, she then put the papers away
somewhere and turned towards me.

[It looks like he’s staying in the eastern part of the Archlesia Empire right
now.]

[...How was he doing?]

[Yes, it seems that he was quite brazen in the beginning.]

[...Eh?]

Hearing Alice’s words as she told me that as if she wasn’t interested, I
remembered what Yuzuki-san had said about him “getting cocky”.
Mi-Mitsunaga-kun... Is he alright? Perhaps sensing my concern, Alice lightly
sighed before she spoke.

[When he was first invited to the royal palace, it’s as if he really feels like
he’s the king... and I heard that he’s being egotistical all the time.]

[Ehhhhh...]

[Even asking if there are no slaves here... Geez, from what era is he from?]

[.........]

Mitsunaga-kun... No, well, it’s true that slaves are staples in isekai light
novels... But there’s no such thing as slaves in this world, and if you make a
statement like that, no one would look at him kindly...

No, but well, I guess asking something like that should be fine to some extent?
He was invited as a guest of honor to play the role of Hero, and I’m sure he
felt like he was the protagonist of a light novel, so perhaps, he thought he
could do what he wanted.

[Well, I heard that the kingdom only warned him with a bitter smile on their
faces at first, but their relationship hasn’t been mended for a while.]

[I-I see... And?]

[Shortly before the Sacred Tree Festival, in a city in the Symphonia Kingdom...
The Second Princess, who was accompanying him at that time, finally snapped...
and gave him a slap directly passed to her by Duchess Albert.]

[Eeeehhhh?! W-Wait a minute.... If she’s trained by Lilia-san.... Mitsunaga-kun
would have died...]

[...I think I have some idea... of how Kaito-san perceives Duchess Albert in
your mind.]

Because Lilia-san’s slap would be... No, it’s not like it’s Lilia-san herself
that’s slapping him, but it’s still a slap taught by her, you know? If I get
seriously slapped by Lilia-san... My head would probably fly away. I’m not
metaphorically speaking here, but my head would literally fly away...

After receiving such a blow, Mitsunaga-kun...

[Well, that certainly slapped away his pompous attitude. I think everyone would
see some improvement in his behavior.]

[...I-I see... That’s good.]

[Then, I think it was just three days ago... It seems that the person who play
the role of Hero proposed to the Second Princess?]

[How come?!]

[No, it seems like he has been spoiled all his life... He was talking about how
it was a bolt of lightning that suddenly came or how it felt like fate.]

[Eehhhh...]

Mi-Mitsunaga-kun?! Could it be he’s a masochist...

N-No, let’s leave it at that for now. Everyone has their own hobbies and tastes,
and it’s not something I should be talking about. I’m more interested in the
results though.

[So, how did it go?]

[Yes, it seems that in response to that confession the Second Princess... gave
him another slap in the face.]

[Eeehhhhhh?!]

[Well, I have also received information that they were touring the cities they
visited together today... so it doesn’t sound like they’re on bad terms
anymore.]

What the heck is with that situation?! No, I’m really curious about it but...
W-Well, does that mean Mitsunaga-kun is doing well too? For now though, I’ve
heard what I wanted to ask... No, I’ve got more questions I’d like to ask about
other things, but it would be boorish to intrude in someone else’s love life, so
I’m not going to ask anymore.

[...Anyway, thanks. Alice.]

[No, no.]

[Speaking of which, I think it’s already quite late... but I thought you wanted
to talk to me about something.]

[...Ahh~~ you’re right. What should I do? Hmmm.]

I ask, remembering why we went here in the first place, but Alice crosses her
arms and looks as if she’s finding difficulty to think of how to say something.

[Kaito-san, when we met up with each other at Duchess Lilia’s mansion, do you
remember the line I told you?]

[Errr... You want me to save Kuro or that you would present yourself while I
stand before the abyss?]

[Yes, I was going to talk about that... but unnn. My plans have changed, and I
haven’t been able to revise the flow of events yet.]

[Unnn?]

So far, I still can’t see Alice’s purpose with all that she was saying. If I
were to interpret her words as they are, it would be like I needed to stand
before the abyss to save Kuro, but I’m still not ready for her to tell me about
it yet? No, but even if that were so, the way she described it was unusual.
Rather than preparations not being ready yet, it sounds like she needs to modify
what she had prepared from the beginning.

[...Well, let’s talk about that some other time. It’s no use being in a hurry,
and lots of things have happened to Kaito-san today...]

[...Unnn? Well, if Alice is fine with that...]

[Yes... Well then, with that said. Can I ask for more servings?!]

[...Suit yourself.]

[Yes! As expected of Kaito-san, you’re so dreamy! I love you!!!]

[.........]

Looking at Alice who’s already completely returned to her usual tone, wondering
where the earlier Alice went to earlier, I let out a big sigh.

[...Why is an idiot like this one of the Six Kings?]

[Oiiiii~~, Kaito-san? You spoke out your inner thoughts out loud, you know? It’s
all wide and fully opened, spoken with your ikemen voice, you know?!]

She’s boisterous and irritating... Just like what Chronois-san said. And such a
person is one of the strongest beings in the world... She’s really quite the
eccentric. However... Being together with such an Alice is enjoyable, so
perhaps—I might also be an eccentric person.

---

The Temple of the Supreme God of the God Realm. In one of those temples,
Chronois comes into the temple of the God of Life with a “luggage” under her
arm.

[God of Life, are you here? We need to talk...]

[Hey, God of Time and Space...]

[What?]

[Why am I being carried around? Or rather, can I go home now?]

[No.]

Fate, who was being held under Chronois’s arm, shouted out a protest, but
Chronois just brushed it away, and continued to speak while walking over towards
Life.

[I have received an extremely important task.]

[Ueeggghhh, stapphhh... I get a fever when I hear words like tasks and duties.
Ahh~~ trousome.]

[Stop messing around and get serious! God of Life, you too...]

[...zzzzzz...]

[Wake up!]

Irritated by Fate’s words, Chronois turns to Life... but the person in question,
Life, is asleep. Chronois-san’s angry voice echoes through the room. Still,
there’s no signs of Life waking up.

[...I’m telling you, that’s impossible, God of Time and Space. It’s not easy for
the God of Life to wake up after sleeping once... so that’s why, let’s go back
already? I’ve already decided before that I’m going to visit Kai-chan with some
souvenirs.]

[...What about your work?]

[...Did you really think I would do it?]

[Stop acting proud for doing stupid things!]

Life and Fate are acting as usual, while Chronois still struggles to keep her
head in her hands. Then, after thinking for a moment, she shook her head and put
Fate down.

[Well, fine. You would be motivated soon enough anyway.... the God of Life will
wake up after she hears about this.]

[...Unnn? What do you mean?]

[As I said before, I received an extremely important task.... You better listen
to me carefully. In the sixth day of the Tree month... Shallow Vernal-sama would
come down to the Human Realm.]

[ [ ?! ] ]

The air froze after Chronois spoke with a serious expression on her face.

[...Therefore, to the both of you...]

[I need more information! Location? Time? Purpose? Those factors changes the
counter-measure that we need to take!!!]

[U-Umu, y-you’re right.]

Just as Chronois said, Life woke up in an instant and pressed Chronois for
answers with a terrifying speed. Her normally always half-open eyes were also
opened, and the atmosphere around them definitely shows how abnormal it is.

[...If it even involves Shallow Vernal-sama, just us three won’t be enough. God
of Life, after this conversation, assemble all Gods... During that time, I’ll
use my ability to fill in the gaps.]

[Understood. We should be quick about this... Now, God of Time and Space.
Continue with what you were saying...]

[You two really change faces too fast.]

[Put that aside and just continue speaking!]

[Yes, the slightest delay can be fatal for us!]

Seeing Fate and Life, who clearly looks different from earlier, a vein popped
out of Chronois’s forehead, but to Fate and Life, Chronois getting angry is just
a trivial matter and they don’t care about it at all. And as if pushed by their
enthusiasm, Chronois takes a step back.

[So, God of Time and Space. What exactly is Shallow Vernal’s purpose in the
Human Realm?]

[...T-That is... it’s............ te.]

[Eh? What did you say.]

[...It’s for a date.]

[ [ ...What? ] ]

At the words Chronois told them, the two of them stiffened, looking as if they
don’t understand the reason at all. When the heavy silence around them flowed
away... Life, whose expression is dyed with astonishment, spoke.

[U-Ummm... God of Time and Space? I think I just misheard you, so I’ll just make
sure I heard it right... Did you just say she would go on a date?]

[...Yes, that’s what I said.]

[Ah, I see that you have finally learned how to make jokes huh... Shallow
Vernal-sama, going on a d-date...]

[...It would have been better if it had been a joke though...]

[.........]

In response to Life, who asked in astonishment, Chronois mutters with an
expression that even seems like grief. Understanding that Chronois’s words were
true, this caused Life to freeze up with her mouth wide open.

[...Hey, God of Time and Space. Could it be with Kai-chan?]

[...Umu.]

[I guess I should have expected it would be Kai-chan. Going on a date with
Shallow Vernal-sama herself is unprecedented...]

[...I-If I remember correctly... Isn’t that person Chronois rescued just a few
days ago?]

Life, who was reminded of Kaito after hearing Fate saying Kai-chan, asked with
an expression of disbelief, and Chronois nodded in response, while Fate’s cheeks
had a slight blush for some reason.

[Umu. He’s the otherworlder that Shallow Vernal-sama was interested in and gave
her blessings to.]

[That’s my “future husband”!]

[...You haven’t given up yet?]

[That should be obvious! I’m definitely going to make sure Kai-chan takes care
of me! That’s why I even... prepared this souvenir... though I guess in this
case, I can’t do that anymore.]

[Souvenir? Ahh, come to think of it, you did say that earlier... What do you
have there anyway?]

As Life just looked at them, speechless, Chronois was curious about Fate’s
“souvenir” and asked. Thereupon, out of nowhere, Fate pulls out a small bundle.

[They did say that to grab a man by their stomach or something like that, didn’t
they? So, I asked Shall-tan to tell me what Kai-chan likes.]

[...You are quite close huh, you and the Phantasmal King.]

[Unnn. Shall-tan is also my soul friend, you know? Well, anyway, that’s why I’ve
prepared Kai-chan’s favorite food!]

[So you made that?]

[Did you really think I would do something as troublesome as cooking?]

[I should have known.]

Apparently, Fate prepared it after hearing about Kaito’s favorite food, but as
expected of Fate who has a reputation of disliking troublesome things... She
didn’t make it herself.

[By my authority as the Supreme God, I had God of Fertility make—Ouch?!]

[Don’t abuse your authority, you fool!!!]

Chronois’s fist swung down on Fate’s as she told her that she used the Supreme
God’s authority to have a lower level God cook for her. As Chronois holds her
head from all the headache she’s feeling, Life finally recovers... and trembling
in fear, she muttered.

[...Eh? Shallow Vernal’s blessing? God of Fate’s future husband? ...Is he a
monster?]

[...I can’t deny it at all.]

[By the way, he’s also acquainted with all of the Six Kings. He’s also quite
close with the Death King, you know?]

[...With that “Death Bringer”?]

When Isis’s name is mentioned, Life muttered with an obviously unpleasant look
on her face.

Fate and Shalltear are very close with each other, and they occasionally listen
to each other’s complaints... but Life and Isis are like cats and dogs, they are
each other’s natural enemies, and they are so unfriendly that they call each
other “Death Bringer” and “Useless Meat”.

[...I guess you are still not on good terms with the Death King.]

[You and Ein are about the same way though...]

[...Now then, let’s stop with the pointless chatter. Let’s start all
preparations before the sixth day of the Tree month comes! Am I clear?!]

[ [ Roger that! ] ]

---

The 6th day of the Tree month. I woke up early, quickly finished my breakfast
and got ready for the day. Today is the day of my date I promised with
Shiro-san, and since I can’t keep her waiting, I’m going to leave early.

However, I will be having a date with Shiro-san... I’m worried in a different
way than I was with Kuro. I have a feeling that something really big would
happen today, but If possible, I hope that it’s just my imagination.

With that in mind, I moved to the front door and when I opened it... I
immediately closed it back. Arehh? I felt like I just saw a grand spectacle
outside. To be specific, it looked like there were an outrageous amount of
people in Lilia-san’s garden...

It must be that. I may have just opened the door and accidentally arrived at
some other place... Yes, I should open it more carefully...

[Listen carefully! We can’t afford to be negligent at all today!!! Not even a
speck of dust should exist on the path Shallow Vernal-sama walks on!!!]

[..........]

Why is Chronois-san doing something like a speech in Lilia-san’s garden? And all
these people wearing priest’s robes lined up in a row... Could all of them be
Gods? Why?

[All of you understand? I’ll set up wards around the city that would
unconsciously make it difficult for others to approach them... but it’s not
absolute. There might be some people that is able to slip through those wards...
Anyone who slips through the wards, “immediately kill them”.]

[............]

Eh? That’s Fate-san, right? Didn’t the words she’s said kinda sound absurdly
dangerous?! If someone slips into them, you’d kill them?! Eh? What the heck is
happening, is there a war nearby? Those people lined behind them, are they
really Gods? They kinda look like an army that’s here to slaughter all their
enemies though?!

[There is no need to hesitate. I can bring them back to life later... So you
will kill them immediately, without regard to the intruders’ intentions or
actions.]

[..........]

Eh? What the heck is she saying? That person with green hair... Just because she
can bring them back to life later, it’s fine to kill them? What the heck is with
that over-the-top reasoning?! T-Thinking about her standing, she’s probably...
the last Supreme God. I think she’s called the God of Life, but she somehow
looks more like a Shura to me...

[God of Time and Space-sama! All personnel are in position! All the shops and
the stalls in the city have been fortified by our fellow Gods!!!]

[Umu, I’ll convey my thanks to Symphonia’s King later... Everyone! All the
preparations are ready. From now on, cast aside all of your indulgences! In the
unlikely event that you cause Shallow Vernal-sama any discomfort, know that even
lining up all of our heads here won’t be enough to beg for her forgiveness!!!]

[..........]

I just want to make sure here... but I’m really going on a date right now,
right? It’s not like I’m going to be thrown into a war zone or dropped into a
bombing zone or anything like that, right?

Wait a moment... What the heck is going on here?! All of them were saying all
sorts of disturbing things though... Eh? The heck is this? Errr... Is a war
about to start?

As I was standing there stunned, Chronois-san noticed me and turned around.

[Ahh, Miyama huh. You’re early.]

[Eh? Ahh, errr, good morning. I can’t keep Shiro-san waiting after all.]

[Umu, that’s a good dedication you have there. I’ll leave Shallow Vernal-sama to
you for today.]

[Ah, yes.]

Chronois-san?! The conversation itself sounds pretty normal but... All the Gods’
eyes are focused on me now, you know?! They’re looking at me with eyes that seem
to ask “Who the heck is that guy?”, you know?! When I replied to her while cold
sweat dripped behind my back, Chronois-san nodded in satisfaction.

[Kai-chan, yaahhoo~~]

[Good morning. Fate-san.]

[Do you want to go on a date with me next time? And then, after we finally
become one, raise me!]

[...Do you want me to call Kuro?]

[I’m sorry.]

I returned Fate-san’s greeting, who spoke to me in the same lax tone as usual.

Thereupon, the woman with green hair approached me.

She’s a woman of about 160cm wearing a priest’s robe that clearly shows her body
line, her green hair bundled up and flowing in front of her, and a gentle
expression on her face... And most importantly, a chest that I think is as large
as Lillywood-san’s . N-No, it’s extremely rude to look at someone’s breast right
when we first met but... I guess I’m still a young adolescent man, and when
they’re that big, I can’t help but look at them.

[You’re Miyama-san, aren’t you? Introducing myself again, I’m Life, and I have
the role of being the God of Life. I wasn’t able to give my greetings to you
before due to some circumstances, but I am honored to meet you today.]

[Ah, yes. It’s my pleasure... I’m Miyama Kaito. It’s nice to meet you.]

[...I guess that’s one way to describe what happened before huh?]

[...Even though you’re just asleep...]

Life-san has a very calm voice and her gentle expression gives me the impression
of the holy mother. Her tone of voice is also polite and I get the impression
that she’s somehow able to do something if she puts her mind into something
but... Why does Fate-san and Chronois-san look astoundedly at her?

[Please just call me by my name, Life, just like how you call the God of Time
and Space and the God of Fate.]

[Ah, yes. I’ll be in your care.]

[Yes, I’ll also be in your care. May this day be a good one.]

[...That’s amazing, God of Time and Space. The God of Life looks like a proper
God just now.]

[...If she’s always like this, it will be a whole lot better...]

Holding the hand that Life-san offered me, we shook hands. For some reason
though, Fate-san and Chronois-san looked dumbfounded, but I decided not to care
about their reactions.

[Miyama, we will be around the perimeter today... Ahh, don’t worry. We will be
at an appropriate distance away from you two, so as not to disturb you and
Shallow Vernal-sama.]

[...H-Huhhh...]

[Alright, well then, go to Shallow Vernal-sama as soon as possible.]

[Ah, yes.]

Overwhelmed by that atmosphere of somehow not knowing whether I’m given consent
or not, I reflexively nodded and walked towards the gate.

Thereupon, the Gods who have gathered around the garden split off to the left
and right, creating a path for me to walk on... This doesn’t make me calm at all
though?!

S-Seriously... Is this day going to be okay?

I had already expected that this would happen to some extent based on what
Chronois-san and the others said, but when I arrived at the fountain plaza, our
meeting place... There wasn’t even a shadow of a person around us. It’s as if
the entire city is reserved for our private use, which made me dumbfounded,
b-but anyway, I’l just have to think about making sure Shiro-san enjoys our
date.

By the way, as for why we’re meeting up here like this right now... It’s because
Shiro-san said she wanted to do that “custom of a date” by saying the words
“Sorry, did you wait?” and “No, I came here just now.”. Well, I still have 30
minutes before we meet up... but I’m already here, so it’s fine if she can
already show up if she wants...

As I was thinking about this, light gathers in front of me, and from behind the
light, Shiro-san appears.

[I’m sorry. Did you wait?]

[...N-No, I just got here.]

Shiro-san spoke to me with her usual inflectionless voice, to which I replied to
her while a drop of sweat dripped on my forehead.

...Is it fine if I were to throw my tsukkomi at her?

If she can move using that method, there’s no way you’re going to be late,
right?! This is the part where, even if it’s a lie, you can just walk towards
our meeting place.

[...I see.]

[Ehh?]

As if she heard my inner thoughts, Shiro-san clapped her hands and disappeared
immediately afterwards. And soon after, I heard small footsteps coming from
behind me.

[I’m sorry. Did you wait?]

You started over?! Eh? Take two? Are we going to have a take two?

[N-No, I’ve just arrived.]

[Good morning, Kaito-san.]

That’s one swift way to switch conversations! Geez, it’s like you just want to
do that event, and now that you finished it, you immediately switched topics.
A-As expected of Shiro-san... I can’t predict her actions at all.

[Ah, yes. Good morning. I will be in your care for today.]

[Yes.]

Come to think of it, Shiro-san is dressed in her usual priest’s robe. I was
expecting her to wear something different than usual, so I’m certainly
surprised... though I’m also a bit disappointed. With Shiro-san’s appearance, it
seems like other clothing would also look good on her, and I’d like to see
them...

[......]

[Eh?]

Arehh? Why do I feel like Shiro-san is intensely staring at me? What is she
doing?

Tilting my head at the way Shiro-san quietly stared at me, she lightly shook her
fingers... and in an instant, the clothes she’s wearing changed. An elegant
white dress and a short coat with a chic hue... I think it was called a duffle
coat? Her clothes changed into those.

[Well then, this should do.]

[Ah, yes. Errr, they really look good on you.]

[Thank you.]

Rather, aren’t those clothes from my world? Was the reason she was staring at me
earlier was to find out what to wear among the clothings in my memory and make
it herself?! S-Seriously, this person is like a cheat incarnate. No, but even
so... Shiro-san’s unfair. Her appearance is too perfect. Her proportions and
face are perfect, so she’ll definitely look good in anything she wears... If I’m
being honest, she’s really beautiful, and looking at her beauty in front of her
makes me embarrassed.

[Now then, Kaito-san. Before we begin our date, I’d like to ask you something.]

[Eh? Ah, yes. What is it?]

[What do you do on a date?]

[We’re starting from there?!]

I can’t help but tsukkomi at Shiro-san, who nonchalantly told me with an
unchanging expression. You just went with the date without knowing what it is?!
Asking me what you’re supposed to do on a date right on the very same day of the
date is too unexpected, you know?!

[Yes, I only know that it starts with the meeting and it ends in a “hotel”.]

[Please immediately discard that perception of yours.]

[Eh?]

With a straight face, Shiro-san started to say something outrageous... Yep, I
should have expected that this would happen to some extent. Anyway, it seems
like I would be the one leading the date today.

However, I’ve only been on a single date before... that time when I went out
with Kuro, so I can’t really call myself experienced, and leading the date might
be tough for me. Ah, that’s right! Shiro-san can read my memory, so she can get
a vague idea of what I think our date should look like...

[Anyway, Shiro-san. Do you have somewhere you want to go? If there’s a place you
want to go, Shiro-san, we’ll go there first.]

[I see... then, let’s go to the “beach”.]

[...Yes?]

At that moment, I think I heard the sound of someone tumbling down behind me,
and when I glanced back, I saw Chronois-san lying on the ground in the distance.
A-As expected of Shiro-san... What a frightening airhead, she is. For her to
render all the preparations Chronois-san and the others useless right from the
start...

[E-Errr, I don’t really mind but... I-Isn’t the beach far from here?]

[That won’t be any problem.]

There’s no sea around the royal capital of Symphonia Kingdom, and from what I
saw on the map, it seemed to be pretty far away, so even though I knew it would
be useless and thinking about the stuff Chronois-san and the others did for this
day, I asked her about it. However, that’s where Shiro-san, the God of Creation,
lightly waved her finger, and in an instant, the landscape around us changed and
the blue sea and the scent of saltwater spread out in front of me.

Unnn, I myself don’t know what I’m saying... but that’s a fact, so it can’t be
helped.

My date with Shiro-san started, but the scene suddenly changed to the beach.

Yes, even I don’t know what the heck I’m talking about... but since it’s the
truth, it can’t be helped.

[...The sea huh.]

[Yes. It’s the sea.]

[...But you can’t swim here, can you?]

[Swim? ...Ah, I see.]

Yes, the place where Shiro-san brought me isn’t a place suitable for swimming,
and even though it is certainly near the sea... The place we are in now isn’t on
a beach where there are white sands spread out, but on a tall cliff near the
sea.

I thought when she mentioned sea, she’s talking about wanting to swim near the
beach, but it seems she might misunderstood the ideas.

And then, Shiro-san stared at me again. She was silent for a while, probably
looking into my memory again, and as if she decided something, she nodded her
head. With a wave of Shiro-san’s finger, the earth trembled... and the tall
cliff suddenly turned into a sandy beach. Eeeehhhh?!

[With this, there shouldn’t be a problem, right?]

[No, I think there would be lots of problems...]

[I’ll return it the way it was before, so isn’t this alright?]

[That’s the problem you saw?!]

Reshaping the earth in just an instant, this person really is a cheat. It’s so
amazing that it feels like she’s overshadowing all the outrageous people I’ve
seen so far. With the scenery changing into a white sandy beach, Shiro-san
turned towards the dumbfounded me and waved her finger in my direction.
Thereupon, I found myself only wearing trunks... Let’s just stop being surprised
by anything this person can do. Seriously. I’m ready for anything you throw at
me now. After being surprised by my outfit, I turned my gaze to Shiro-san...

[?!]

And I was at a loss for words.

Before I knew it, Shiro-san had also changed her clothes into a swimsuit. She
was wearing a white ruffled swimsuit, a blue patterned pareo, and even a neat
straw hat on her head. Her beautiful skin, that looks like it’s sculpted by the
hands of God, which is usually hidden beneath the priest’s robe, was exposed,
revealing her ample breasts, looking like haloes of divinity, just not on top of
her head.

[With this, we can go swimming, right?]

[Eh? A-Ahh, yes, y-y-you’re right!]

[Is something the matter?]

[Ah. no?! It’s nothing...]

Being suddenly spoken to as I’m lost in my thoughts, my nervousness could be
clearly seen on my face. I can’t really say that Shiro-san was too beautiful,
that I ended up staring at her in fascination.

[I guess I should say... Thank you for the compliments?]

[...Please don’t read my mind.]

It’s so embarrassing. What the heck is this shame play? Just thinking about how
all my thoughts were read by her makes me feel embarrassed... W-Well, the other
party’s Shiro-san, so I guess it can’t be helped...

In front of me, who is blushing in all sorts of meaning, Shiro-san doesn’t seem
to mind, and makes a parasol and a vinyl sheet appear in front of me. Thereupon,
she turned to me and spoke with a blank expression on her face.

[Well then, shall we go swimming?]

[Ah, yes. You’re right.]

[Before that though...]

[Eh? Ehhhhh?!]

With the wave of Shiro-san’s finger, a gigantic sea snake with the head of a
fish with a length of several meters long emerged from the sea before it
disappeared.

[I only asked it to move away while we bathe.]

[...To where?]

[To another sea that “I’ve just created”.]

[...I-I see...]

Even though I just said I wouldn’t be surprised, but I’m sorry, I still got
surprised. W-Well, let’s just think of this in a positive way. Let’s just think
about how we can now safely swim in the sea.

Anyway, pulling myself together, I decided to go into the sea with Shiro-san. I
don’t know where this sea we’re swimming in right now, but the water temperature
is a little warm and comfortable. Arehh? Come to think of it, I think
Shiro-san’s hair is so long that it’s reaching below her knees, so wouldn’t it
get in the way when she swims?

[Shiro-sa—n?!]

[What is it?]

[N-No...]

Turning to Shiro-san, I saw that her hair, that’s originally gleaming
silvery-white, is now wet and shining along with the sun’s rays reflecting all
the seawater on her hair. Even though we just went in the sea, she looks like an
artistic painting that an artist put all of his heart and all the other people’s
hearts into.

Seriously, her physical appearance is too unfair, it’s like each of her actions
is something out of a painting...

Her long hair was spreading out in the water, but Shiro-san didn’t seem bothered
by it. Without doing anything, Shiro-san just let herself drift along in the
water. Shiro-san’s face is still expressionless, but the corners of her mouth
are slightly upturned, so it seems like she’s also enjoying it.

[By the way, Kaito-san?]

[What is it?]

[Should I do that swimsuit malfunction stuff... that thing where my breasts
would be exposed?]

She suddenly started saying outrageous stuff again?! Please don’t read all the
strange memories I have in my memories, will you?! I mean, it’s true that there
were such cliches back in my world... but just because it exists, please don’t
do it yourself.

[...That’s no good.]

[That won’t do! Shallow Vernal-sama! Please don’t make such immoral acts!]

[...Why are you here, Chronois-san?]

[...I searched all the world’s oceans... I guess searching around the world
would even make me tired huh...]

Chronois-san suddenly appears, standing on top of the sea, flusteredly talking
Shiro-san out of doing it. It seems that after Shiro-san announced that we were
going to the sea and disappeared, she searched all the world’s oceans,and
looking closely, I could see sweat on her forehead and her shoulders moving up
and down. It’s just, errr, it might be bad for me to say this... If you’re going
to stand on top of the ocean, please don’t stand in the waters in front of me.
Ummm... I can see it.

With the appearance of Chronois-san, to which I don’t know where to look at, my
inner turmoils are growing, while Shiro-san spoke with the same inflectionless
voice as usual.

[You came at the right time. God of Time and Space, it’s almost time for lunch,
so there’s something I’d like you to prepare for me.]

[Hahh! By your command!]

[Well then, make me a “beach house”.]

[...Huh? E-Errr, please excuse my ignorance. Shallow Vernal-sama, what exactly
is this bichows dish?]

[It’s not a dish. I’m talking about a beach house.]

[...H-Hahhh...]

She just started demanding something outrageous?! Beach house is well, no, it
certainly is a standard when someone goes to swim on a beach, but this is a
different world, you know?! Chronois-san even thought that you’re asking for a
dish, you know?! Isn’t this power harassment in some sort of way... Anyway, I
feel like I should help her out with this, but how exactly do I explain what a
beach house is?

[Errr, Chronois-san. A beach house is something you can find in my world...
H-How should I say this... I guess it’s something like a small dining hall?]

[I-I see... Well then, Shallow Vernal-sama, what appearance do you want for this
dining hall?]

[The appearance of a beach house.]

[...Miyama, I’m begging you. Help me out here.]

[Ah, yes.]

Isn’t Chronois-san too pitiable?! Shiro-san, can’t you read between the lines at
all, how the heck is she going to know what it looks like?! Errr, what should I
do... It would be best if I could just tell her the scene I’m picturing in my
head... Ahh, an option like that does exist.

[Shiro-san, can you convey the information about the beach house in my memories
to Chronois-san?]

[It’s possible.]

[Then, please do so.]

[I understand.]

At the same time Shiro-san nods, Chronois-san gives me a somewhat surprised
look. Perhaps, my memory was already transmitted, as after a moment of silence,
she turns to Shiro-san and gets down on knee. It would have been fine if it
we’re in a solid ground, but as she’s kneeling down on top of the ocean and
bowing down to Shiro-san, who is immersed in the water, the scene looks somewhat
surreal.

[I understand. I will certainly provide Shallow Vernal-sama with something that
will satisfy you.]

[I leave it to you.]

[Hahh! By the way, Miyama...]

[Eh? Ah, yes?]

[This may not be my place to say this... But I can’t compliment you on not going
out much since you were a child, it’s not good for your health.]

[...Ah, yes.]

Can you not transmit any unnecessary memories?! Chronois-san just looked like a
teacher worried about her loner student, you know?! Even as I’m feeling
inexplicably uncomfortable being exposed to her slightly pitying gaze, I nodded.

Just as Chronois-san was about to move and prepare the beach house, Shiro-san
opened her mouth.

[Wait right there, God of Time and Space.]

[Huh? Yes! What is it?]

[Your garments are no good.]

[Huh? My garments, is it?]

[Yes. You’re at the beach, you should wear a swimsuit.]

[...Huh? What?!]

With a wave of Shiro-san’s finger, Chronois-san’s long sleeved priest’s robes
that she always wears... in clothing that doesn’t expose her skin at all, turned
into a sporty type of swimsuit that clearly shows off her slender figure.
Chronois-san’s waist is that thin?! It really feels like she could be a model...

[Sha-Sha-Shallow Vernal-sama?! W-W-Why did you suddenly do that?!]

[You’re at the beach, so wear a swimsuit.]

[H-H-However?! I-I-I don’t think feminine clothing that shows off a lot of skin
like this suits me...]

Hurriedly hiding her chest and the lower half of her swimsuit with her hands,
Chronois-san’s face turned bright red as she said those words. However, she’s
talking to the airhead goddess, as she doesn’t seem to mind her at all and looks
back at me.

[What do you think? Kaito-san?]

[Ehh? Ah, errr...]

[Y-You should also clearly say it, Miyama! For me to wear something like
this...]

I mean, isn’t she rather exposed in her usual outfit? As I desperately swallowed
those rude words from getting out of my mouth, I told her my thoughts when I saw
her in her swimsuit.

[No, Chronois-san is tall and slender, so that swimsuit looks good on you and I
think you look beautiful, you know?]

[Wha?! Mi-Miyama?! Even you are going to tease me here too?! Y-You Immoral
b*stard!]

Arehh? Could it be that Chronois-san... isn’t used to being treated like a
woman? She’s obviously agitated by something, and she seems to be more
embarrassed than I would normally expect her to be...

[Well then, I leave the preparations to you.]

[H-However, this appearance is...]

[I leave the preparations to you.]

[...I-I respectfully obey. At once.]

Receiving Shiro-san’s words which she indifferently told her, Chronois-san’s
shoulders slumped in resignation, with her face still bright red. Yep, I can
feel the power relationship between them, and how should I say this...
Chronois-san is pitiful.

While feeling pity towards Chronois-san, I swam for a while with Shiro-san... Or
rather, I just leisurely submerged myself in the sea before returning back to
the beach... where a real beach house stands. A simple wooden exterior, and a
signboard that says “Beach House”... She perfectly recreated a beach house, even
the strangely old-fashioned parts. Chronois-san, this is amazing!

When I walked in, I could even smell the tatami mats... Seriously, how the heck
did you do this? And when I sat down across Shiro-san... She had tied her hair
into a ponytail before I knew it. Maybe it’s to avoid having her long hair stuck
to the sand, but even so, I don’t know if I should say that any hairstyle looks
good on her or something like that, but it’s amazing how changing her hairstyle
gives her a different kind of charm.

[Shallow Vernal-sama, what would you like?]

[Well then, I would like to have this “Slightly Unappetizing Yakisoba”.]

[.........]

Y-Yep. The yakisoba sold in beach houses certainly is like that, but do your
really have to clearly say that?! A-Also, there are some shops that sell decent
ones... perhaps. I’m sure there are some, right?

[Understood. Miyama, what do you want?]

[Errr... Chronois-san, are you sure you can make all the food written on the
menu over there?]

[There’s no problem.]

[...T-Then, I’ll have curry rice.]

[Umu.]

Can she really make curry rice in such a short amount of time? N-No, it’s true
that Chronois-san seems to be able to manipulate time, so it’s not like she
can’t do it but... She doesn’t really have the image of someone who’s great at
cooking.

Even though I held some trepidation in my mind, just as I was about to place my
order... I felt the presence of another person with my Sympathy Magic. I see...
Chronois-san asked for help from her huh. If that’s the case, then it seems like
the food that comes out would be perfectly fine.

As if to confirm my prediction, curry rice and yakisoba were immediately placed
in front of me and Shiro-san. When I took a bite of the curry rice after saying
my thanks for the meal... I found that even the slightly cheap feeling was
perfectly recreated, just as you’d expect from “Ein-san”. Indeed, this curry
rice is unmistakably the curry rice that could be bought from a beach house.

[Shiro-san, what do you think?]

[It’s slightly unappetizing. I see, so this is the beach house’s yakisoba huh.]

No, I’m sure there are some beach houses with great yakisoba but... w-well,
there certainly were a lot of beach houses that have that kind of questionable
taste.

[...or rather, you’re eating with a fork huh.]

[I’ve never used chopsticks before. But that’s true, isn’t it? You can’t really
eat yakisoba unless you use chopsticks, can you?]

[...No, I don’t really think that’s the case though?]

Shiro-san was using a fork to eat the yakisoba as if it were spaghetti.
Chopsticks aren’t common for the people in this world, so I don’t really have a
strange meaning when I mentioned that, I just meant it as a simple small talk
but.... in the next moment, Shiro-san began saying something unbelievable.

[Well then, Kaito-san. “Feed me” with your chopsticks.]

[...What?]

[I would like to try eating it with chopsticks, so feed me.]

[N-No, as expected, that’s kinda...]

[I would like to try eating it with chopsticks, so feed me.]

[H-However...]

[I would like to try eating it with chopsticks, so feed me.]

[...Understood.]

Please stop saying that on repeat. It’s seriously scary...

Hmmm, I feel like I’ve been through lots of shame play today. However, it’s
really fortunate that there are only Chronois-san and Ein-san in this beach
house.

Giving up, I picked up a pair of disposable chopsticks from the table... Or
rather, she even made disposable chopsticks? You really have it all down to a
tee, Chronois-san. Eh, wait a minute? She’s asking me to feed her but... While
I’m sitting here facing you? Maybe it’s because this table is so big, but it
looks like it’s going to be very difficult to do...

[Why don’t you just sit next to me?]

[...E-Errr... A-Alright.]

I can certainly feed her easily if I just sit next to her but... On a serious
note, Shiro-san is currently in a swimsuit and her bare skin is very revealing.
It takes a lot of determination for me to sit next to her while she’s like that
but... I obviously can’t say no here since she would just keep going on an
endless repeat like a broken record.

Finding resolve, I got up from my seat and sat down next to Shiro-san... but the
scene while sitting next to her far exceeded my expectations. Sitting next to
Shiro-san, who is almost the same height as me, putting aside her beautiful,
glossy hair, I could clearly see her breasts, which were creating a deep
cleavage. Her skin looked so beautiful and soft, a pleasant scent that seemed to
be wafting out from somewhere, and a beautiful face that I can’t even hope to
describe even as she’s right next to me... I know it myself, that my heart is
pounding really fast right now.

C-Calm down, it will be alright. Sitting down with some appropriate space
between us, I just need to pay attention to where I’m looking at...

[......]

[Wha?!]

Why did you come so close that our shoulders are almost touching each other?!
Even though I took care of getting a good distance between us?! As our bare
skins almost touched each other, my heart leaped up even higher, but Shiro-san
didn’t seem particularly bothered and remained expressionless. C-Calm down, keep
calm and composed... Take a deep breath. Take a deep breath and...

However, Shiro-san didn’t allow me to keep calm at all.

[You’re trying that hard to do that, are these two really good things?]

Curiously tilting her head, without hesitation, Shiro-san took my hand... and
brought it to her breast—Ehhhhhh?!

[Ehh? Wha?! S-Sh-Shiro-san, w-w-what are you?!]

[Well, it looks like you’re looking at them with great interest.]

[ ~ ~ ?!?! ]

What the heck is this person doing?! H-How sof... isn’t what I should be
thinking?! T-T-This is bad, this is bad, I-I-I should pull away my hand, or it
will totally be sexual harassment...

[If you want to touch them, I don’t really mind, you know?]

[Can you stop saying that?! A-Anyway! My hand?! Please let it go?!]

[Alright.]

Frantically screaming as I feel my face burning hot, Shiro-san simply lets go of
my hand.

I-I can still feel it in my hand... What the heck is with that outrageously
airheaded move she did there?! I thought she would burn out all of my reasoning
in an instant! However, the person in question, Shiro-san... doesn’t seem to be
bothered at all, and holds out the plate of yakisoba to me.

[Then, feed me.]

[...Yes.]

While experiencing the sensation of my spirit being whittled away, I look down
and accept the plate, unable to look at Shiro-san’s face properly. Grabbing some
yakisoba with the chopsticks, I bring it to Shiro-san’s mouth.

[I see, I guess it tastes better to eat it with chopsticks huh.]

[I-I-Is that so...]

[However, doesn’t this mean that Kaito-san can’t eat your curry rice?]

[Ah, no, that can wait...]

[Here.]

[Wha?!]

After telling me her impressions in the same intonationless voice, Shiro-san
takes my plate of curry rice, scoops some with a spoon and holds it out to me.
W-Wait a moment?! Is this actually that?! You’re not suggesting that we should
take turns feeding each other or something like that, right?

[Yes.]

[N-No, I’m fine...]

[Here.]

[.........]

[Here.]

[...T-Thank you for the food.]

Shiro-san really wouldn’t give in. I have no choice but to surrender and let my
face boil before this shame play. Eating the curry rice Shiro-san offers me, I
now feed her some of the yakisoba. Seriously, I don’t know if it’s just that
Shiro-san is an airhead or not, but how should I say this... Anyway, isn’t your
guard too loose?!

[This is just something specially for you.]

[...Like I said, those kinds of statements are....]

After a lunch filled with happiness and embarrassment... Or rather, the
happiness that was completely trampled by the embarrassment I’m feeling, my date
with Shiro-san at the beach continues.

[...L-Listen here, Shiro-san. Gently... Just hit it gently!]

[Yes.]

[I’m being serious here, be as gentle as when you’re holding a cookie...]

[I understand.]

Towards Shiro-san who was holding a ball for beach volleyball that she made, I
timidly, yet repeatedly told her. I was the one who suggested beach volleyball
when she told me we were going to play in the ocean after lunch... and now, I
regret it very much.

[I’m begging you here! I would really die there, you know?!]

[I could bring you back to life if you die, so it’s alright.]

[That’s totally not okay!]

That’s because my opponent is Shiro-san... She who is unmistakably the strongest
being in this world. If she hits the ball without any moderation, I can’t catch
her attack... No, rather than me not being able to catch her attack, my body
would definitely scatter to pieces if I try to do that. It’s more likely that
the ball would be blown up first, but I think the wind pressure alone would turn
this area into a vacant piece of land.

Because the best evidence is that Chronois-san has been nervously looking at me
from earlier. It’s quite obvious to her that my life is in danger, so she’s
thinking of trying to help me when I’m in a pinch... but I can’t help but think
that even Chronois-san might not be able to hold her own against Shiro-san, so I
desperately requested her to moderate her attacks.

[I understand. I’ll make sure to attack with enough strength that Kaito-san will
be able to return... but in return, let’s play a game.]

[A game?]

[Yes, the same one Kaito-san played with the Phantasmal King... The loser
listens to one thing the victor says. What do you think?]

[...I-I understand. I’m fine with it.]

I wonder why? Why did Shiro-san bother to suggest such a thing?

...I have a bad feeling about this. Specifically, Shiro-san wanting me to do
something. Moreover, she would probably want me to do something that I would
normally refuse to do if she proposed it... I-I can’t lose here.

Incidentally, when I asked her how we judge whether who wins and who loses since
we don’t have a court to play on, she said that the one who doesn’t catch the
ball loses. In other words, even if I returned a ball that would normally be a
foul or even sent it in a direction that would give me a homerun, if Shiro-san
can’t return it, she loses... These terms are quite advantageous for the
attacker.

Shiro-san slowly hits the ball, and just as she declared, the ball flies at a
speed that I can fully handle. The ball came flying straight at me, and I hit it
back in a receiving stance but... yep, for someone like me whose only volleyball
experience are the games I played in PE class, I wasn’t able to neatly return it
back to her and sent it to a direction away from Shiro-san.

But, however...

[...Huh? Eh? Hey, that’s—?!]

Shiro-san disappeared and appeared where the ball was falling. She then easily
returned the ball. Eh? Wait a minute, did you just use teleportation? T-That’s
not fair!

And needless to say, I miserably lost against Shiro-san, who could instantly
move to return the ball even when I myself don’t know which direction my returns
are going to. That means I had to listen to one thing Shiro-san say, but she
told me that she would just leave it “for later”, as she wants to play another
game... Somehow, I’m starting to feel uneasy here...

[...Hey, Shiro-san?]

[What is it?]

[...Why did you also “split the ocean” along when you should have just been
splitting a watermelon?]

[I dunno?]

Cutely tilting her head, Shiro-san is the same as usual, as the scene happening
before my eyes is all this airhead Goddess’s fault. We were going to split a
watermelon, but when Shiro-san swung her stick... The entire landscape in front
of me, along with the watermelon, was cut in half. And beside Shiro-san who was
just tilting her head at me, Chronois-san was holding her head with an exhausted
expression on her face... Chronois-san’s spirit has fallen in shambles.

[Wouldn’t that cause a tsunami...]

[Should I return it back to how it was?]

[Please do so.]

[I understand.]

With a wave of Shiro-san’s finger, the divided sea returned to normal as if
nothing had happened. Ah, she’s the same outrageous person she usually is...

[...Shiro-san, that’s strange.]

[Is that so?]

[...Yes, because this isn’t just a sand castle anymore, that’s already a “real
castle” made of sand.]

[Did I make it a little too big?]

[That’s just not “a little” at all. Look, Chronoi-san looks like her eyes are
already dead, whose fault do you think it is?]

[I dunno?]

[.........]

In front of me right now is a huge castle made of sand. The size and appearance
is such that anyone would believe it if someone says that this is the royal
castle... And of course, Shiro-san is the one who made it. That castle isn’t on
the level of playing in the sand already, you know?!

I don’t know if Chronois-san’s mind has been driven to the corner or not, but
she looks like her soul has already left her body.

[...Miyama... I’m begging you... I’ll do anything... Please help me.]

[C-Chronois-san.]

[If you ask me to take off my clothes, I will do it... So please tell off
Shallow Vernal-sama...]

[You don’t have to do that, I’m going to ask her to return it back to how it was
before.]

Chronois-san seems like she has already had enough, as she weakly holds my hand,
asking for help with an empty look in her eyes. I don’t know if I should say
that Chronois-san has really suffered a lot or not but... I really feel so bad
for her.

As dusk was approaching, Shiro-san and I sat on a vinyl sheet, watching the
glittering sea as the light of the setting sun illuminate the beach.

[It was a really fun day.]

[I’m really glad in that case.]

It seems like Chronois-san... passed out around the time Shiro-san built a
shipwreck and said she wants to go treasure hunting, and she is now being nursed
by Ein-san at the beach house.

Incidentally, the reason why Ein-san didn’t appear all these times... is because
if she shows up, Shiro-san would change her maid uniform into a swimsuit.

Even as Shiro-san did all these absurd stuff today, I felt like time flew by
fast... and if I were to be asked if I had fun, I certainly did have fun.
Perhaps, that’s because Shiro-san... also seems like she’s also enjoying her
time.

Shiro-san was still expression like always, but the corners of her mouth were
slightly upturned, and most importantly, her splitting up the ocean and building
real castles, all those preposterous stuff she did today... I think that
Shiro-san wasn’t able to act moderately because she’s probably getting excited
in her own way. Shiro-san was originally the God of Creation, so she would never
have the opportunity to play around like this. That’s why I think Shiro-san was
having fun in her own way. Just as I am together with Shiro-san having fun like
that, I guess I’m also... really having fun.

[...Kaito-san.]

[Eh? Ah, yes.]

[Do you remember our arrangement of our game?]

[Yeah, that I will listen to one thing you say.]

[Yes. I’ll use that now.]

[...W-What do you want me to do?]

As I was having an inner monologue, Shiro-san told me in an intonationless
voice, and even though I’m feeling uneasy, I answered. S-She’s using it here
huh... W-What in the world would she make me do? I don’t think she would make me
do something terrible, but I still have a bad feeling about this. In front of
the anxious me, Shiro-san removes her pareo wrapped around her waist, exposing
her beautiful bare legs. As I realize that my eyes can’t help but focus on her
thighs, Shiro-san lightly taps her lap.

[I want you to sleep on my lap.]

[...Huh? Eeehhhh?!]

[I saw Kuro do it for you before, so I also wanted to try doing it once.]

[N-No, but...]

A lap pillow?! N-No, that’s very unacceptable under the current circumstances.

I-I-I mean, Shiro-san is in a swimsuit now, you know?! For me to get a lap
pillow under this circumstances, doesn’t that mean I would be laying my head on
her bare thighs? No way, that’s impossible, I was already boiling over back at
lunch, and she’s asking me to do this...

[You’re going to do one thing for me, right?]

[Ugghhh....]

I-I certainly did make that promise and agreed to that terms. I would be really
insincere with my promise if I refuse here... I-I guess I don’t have any choice
but to be prepared about what I’m about to do huh?

[...I-I understand.]

[Yes. Now then, here.]

[...Gulp...]

I couldn’t help but gulp down my saliva at the sight of Shiro-san’s pearly white
thighs, I shook my head and frantically calmed myself down before slowly laying
down on her lap. Her lap is surprisingly soft, yet has a certain elasticity to
it... and feeling Shiro-san’s body heat on my cheek, I became aware that my face
is getting so red that it feels like steam is about to come out of my ears.

H-Her lap is so much softer and warmer than I imagined it to be... I don’t know
if it’s appropriate to say that paradise can be found here or not, but it feels
really good, laying my head on her lap. The feeling of lying on her thighs felt
so tempting that if I were to relax even a little, I feeling I wouldn’t be able
to get up anymore, but even though her thighs are so tempting, I’m still
desperately trying to hold on to the thread of reason... but that’s when
Shiro-san quietly speaks.

[You... really are strange.]

[...Eh? How come?]

[Even when you saw my power, you didn’t feel awed nor did you kneel before me.]

[...Errr, was I being rude?]

[No, I’m glad that you’re like that instead. However, I’m just wondering... Are
you not afraid of me?]

[.........]

Her voice was as inflectionless as ever, but I could sense that there was a
certain amount of emotion in it. I don’t know what Shiro-san had in mind when
she asked me that. Even though I have my Sympathy Magic, it doesn’t work on
Shiro-san, so I can’t read her emotions. Why am I not afraid of Shiro-san...
Indeed, Shiro-san is the strongest being in this world, a genuine God with
almost omnipotent power. Perhaps, feeling fear and respect for her is the normal
reaction to her... but... hmmm.

[I don’t know if I can explain it well but... I guess it’s probably, errr,
because Shiro-san is “not perfect”.]

[...Please continue.]

[Yes. Errr, if Shiro-san is omniscient and omnipotent, a being that doesn’t have
any openings for anyone to take advantage of, I may have been afraid of you.
However, Shiro-san may be omnipotent, but you’re not omniscient, right?]

[Yes.]

[That’s why, I guess I’m just thinking about your power as something that makes
you Shiro-san? I think I’m not afraid because I can feel that it’s just part of
your personality.]

[..........]

Actually, I don’t really know the details why either. I think I was scared when
I first met her, but now, I’m just thinking of Shiro-san as an airheaded
cheat... and a very attractive woman. At the very least, I don’t feel scared,
I’m sure I still wouldn’t feel scared in the future.

At my words, Shiro-san stayed silent for a few moments before she spoke again.

[...Indeed, I am not omniscient. On the contrary, I don’t even know myself.]

[...Eh?]

[I can’t see any difference between the living beings, the plants, or the
earth... the world I have created. All of them seem to have the same value in my
eyes... Am I coldhearted? Do I not... love this world?]

[..........]

There was still no inflection in her voice, and her expression hadn’t changed.
However, her voice somehow sounded lonely... and I couldn’t just ignore it.

[I think... it’s the opposite though.]

[The opposite?]

[Yes. I think Shiro-san probably loves this world more than anyone else.]

[...Eh?]

As if my statement was too surprising, Shiro-san’s voice just now was clearly
filled with emotions. For the first time, there was an inflection in her voice.
Still lying down on her thighs, I move my face and look into Shiro-san’s
beautiful golden eyes as I speak my thoughts.

[Shiro-san loves this world you created with all your heart. Everything that
exists in this world can be traced back to Shiro-san. That must be why you’re
trying to look at every being the same way? Because the living beings, the
plants and the earth are all equally loved by you... Because you don’t see
anyone of them being more superior over the other, looking at them with the same
eyes that you look at the others, and rarely try to get involved in the world...
and by not holding out your hand to help any side, you’re showing them how
everyone has the same worth.]

[..........]

[I guess that’s also why? The otherworlder me... “This me who wasn’t born in the
world Shiro-san created” really fits the role of someone Shiro-san would get
involved with.]

[.........]

Hearing my words, which could be taken as disrespect, Shiro-san falls silent.
Her golden eyes were looking at me, and it’s making me feel as if time is
passing slowly...

[...You really are... an interesting person.]

[?!]

Saying that, Shiro-san lets out a small smile. Her usually unchanging expression
changed, showing a smile that seemed so beautiful, as if it condensed all the
beauty in the world, being as dazzling and precious as a twinkling star. With a
gentle smile on her face, Shiro-san put her hand on my cheek and slowly lifted
my head... and held it to her chest. Wait?! Eeeehhhh?!

[S-S-Shiro-san?! W-W-What are you doing?!]

My face buried in Shiro-san’s ample breasts, suffocating me in a heavenly
softness and warmness.

[Is that so... So I did love the world huh... I really don’t know myself huh. I
didn’t realize it until you told me.]

[T-T-That’s good to hear, but you know?! B-B-But this situation?!]

[It’s my gratitude.]

[Gratitude?! W-Wait, I don’t know what you’re saying though?!]

I feel down to a situation where it can’t be called a lap pillow anymore, as I’m
now being laid on a breast pillow, making my mind completely blank and I can’t
think about anything else anymore. All I could think about was the soft and
sweet feeling of Shiro-san’s breasts that seemed to entrance all my attention,
along with the pleasant scent that tickled my nostrils.

![Insert 4](../../_Images/v05/Insert4.jpg#.insert)

[You say all that, but Kaito-san seems to be really happy about it, aren’t you?]

[Can you not read the strange areas of my mind?!]

Of course, if you ask me if I’m happy or not, isn’t it obvious that I would be
happy?! That’s naturally, because I’m still a man. There’s no reason why I
wouldn’t be happy in a situation where I’m burying my face in the cleavage of an
immensely beautiful woman like Shiro-san but... Seriously, can you not blow away
all of my reasoning?!

[...Thank you very much, Kaito-san. However, I would like to correct one thing
you just said.]

[...Ehh? C-Correct something?]

Hearing Shiro-san’s gentle words, I slightly raised my eyes... and saw the
beautiful smile on Shiro-san’s face which was approaching mine, and felt the
soft touch on my forehead.

[I’m not trying to get involved with you just because you’re an otherworlder...
I’ve felt like involving myself with you because “I love you”.]

[Ehh? A-Ahh, errr, ummm...?!]

With a voice that was too gentle and warm, as even the sound of her voice also
had a temperature... my mind finally reached the limit of its tolerance, making
me short-circuit and lose consciousness. And just before I lost my
consciousness, I felt Shiro-san hug me tightly.

Shiro-san is an airhead, she’s sometimes unreasonable, and I feel like I’m
always being pushed around when I’m with her. But still, I enjoy spending time
with her, and most importantly—I think Shiro-san is a very attractive Goddess.
