---
toc: true
---

# Intermission: Alice — The Beginning of Everything

To me, the life and death of others isn’t something that interests me.

My priority is the peace of the world, not the peacefulness of my own life. If I
judge that you’re unnecessary for the world, even if you are the King of a
country, you will have to disappear. If I were to ask Kuro-san, she would
probably just say that I’m dull... but if you ask me, Kuro-san and the other
members of the Six Kings are too lenient.

The turbulent people are like the scum gathering in the stew, they would keep
bubbling up one after another without limit if left alone. The world isn’t only
made up of nice things, someone has to take out the scums in order to keep the
world peaceful.

However, I also tend to be lenient with those I’m close to. Especially towards
Kuro-san who I’m indebted to...

On the day before the summoning of the Hero, I went to the location of the magic
circle due to the information brought to me by my subordinates. The fact that I
myself would be moving means that it’s a situation that my subordinates couldn’t
handle...

[...What are you doing, Kuro-san?]

[...Shalltear...]

[That’s the Hero Summoning Magic Circle, right? If you pour that much magic
power into it... It will go out of control.]

[...Unnn... sorry.]

At my questioning words, Kuro-san turns around with a sad expression on her
face. What she was doing was tinkering the summoning magic circle, and if
Kuro-san poured a large amount of magic power into the summoning process, making
the process of summoning to be almost run out of control, when this was used,
the likely result would be that the person being summoned wouldn’t be alone.

[...Kuro-san. I hate to say this, but even if you increase the number of people
summoned, “your wish is”...]

[I know that! I don’t know if it’s even possible...]

[...]

I can understand why Kuro is trying to do this, and I can honestly feel her
pain. That’s why I hesitated. Should I stop her, or should I let her go...

Kuro is like a parent to me, and I owe her a great debt of gratitude for raising
me... It’s painful to realize that Kuro-san has been holding onto this wish for
a long time, that she herself even feels that she can’t make it come true.

[...Hahh... Just this once, okay?]

[...Shalltear?]

[Just this one time, it can be explained that it’s just the residual magic going
out of control... I’ll make the necessary adjustments after this incident.]

[...Thank you.]

[However, I don’t think it’s possible. Even if you increase the number of people
you summon, a person who will grant your wish won’t appear... Well, you probably
know that already.]

After saying that much, I left the room with the Hero Summoning Magic Circle. I
went outside and gave my subordinates instructions on how to cover up the
situation and make it look like the magic power in the vicinity went out of
control, and wishing that there won’t be any irregularities that would happen, I
waited for the next day.

Yeah, well, as for the conclusion of the incident... it did occur, an
irregularity I mean...

The summoning magic circle that summoned the First Hero... Hikari-san, it was
adjusted by Shallow Vernal-sama to summon beings who are “close to Hikari-chan’s
age when she was summoned”. Hikari-san was 17 years old when she was summoned to
this world. So, the person summoned by the summoning magic circle from another
world should be about 16-18 years old. That’s why, it was a real shock when I
heard from the subordinates that I made to infiltrate that there was one of them
that was 21 years old.

Miyama Kaito... An irregularity who should be outside of Shallow Vernal-sama’s
technique’s age of selection.

I immediately investigated the irregularity, Miyama Kaito.

As soon as I saw the reason for his summoning, I knew right away. A piece of
Kuro’s magic power was in him, he had the ability to become the being that
Kuro-san wanted. That’s why he was able to be summoned to this world, even
though the person summoned should have only been 16-18 year old.

To be honest, I was quite confused about how to deal with him.

Having the qualities and being able to fulfill them are two different things...
I couldn’t quite believe that he was capable of holding his own against
Kuro-san. So, I decided to make contact with him and measure him myself. There’s
nothing more cruel than making a person feel hope for something you can’t
fulfill. If I decided it was impossible for him, I would immediately pull him
away from Kuro-san. With that thought in mind, I disguised myself as a human and
contacted him...

[...Hahhh\~\~ Kaito-san should be in the Demon Realm by now huh\~\~ How
boring... wait, arehh?]

I became surprised with the words I muttered while sitting at the counter in the
late afternoon. Boring? What am I saying? That kinda sounds like I’m missing
Kaito-san since he’s not coming...

It’s been about a month since I started interacting with Kaito-san using the
name Alice. At first, I thought it would really be impossible for him, but
Kaito-san was far more than I could ever imagine. He drew Shallow Vernal-sama’s
interest and pulled Isis-san away from loneliness. I don’t think he’s aware of
it, but those were extraordinary achievements... at least, enough to astonish me
and make me change my mind.

If it’s Kaito-san, he may be able to grant Kuro-san’s wish... That’s what I have
judged, and so, I started moving behind the scenes. If he’s going to seriously
stand before Kuro-san, he would need to have a strong heart... Yes, for example,
to the point where he wouldn’t lose himself when he’s facing off all of the Six
Kings...

That’s why I have given him all sorts of trials. Whether or not this person’s
heart would submit or whether or not this person’s heart would be distorted...
However, Kaito-san remained unwavering. He could be shaken, he could be
confused... but still remaining upright, he won Megiddo-san’s trust.

And that also includes mine...

I honestly didn’t think that a normal human could disturb my mind to such an
extent. I enjoy talking to Kaito-san, feeling glad even as the the seriously
concerned Kaito-san is scolding me when I do stupid things... Missing him at
those times that Kaito-san’s not here.

Haahh... Good grief... I’ve already lived for a long time. This should have been
something I’ve already somewhat given up. Who would have thought that this adult
me would feel love...

---

In the shop at dusk, I hear the door open and a small shadow enters.

[Welcome, Kuro-san.]

[Unnn.]

The one who came in was Kuro-san.

Right from the start, I had told Kuro-san that I was in contact with Kaito-san
under the name of Alice, and even when she came to our business meeting before,
she properly understood my intentions and kept quiet.

[...Kaito-kun. How is he?]

[He passed. I don’t have any complaints here... Well, in my opinion, he has
already passed after the fourth trial, but the fifth one was just something like
a bonus.]

[...I see.]

Hearing my reply, Kuro-san has a complicated expression on her face. The meaning
of the fact that I told her that Kaito-san passed, Kuro-san obviously knows
that.

[...Kuro-san. Kaito-san is the one you’ve been looking for.]

[...That is something... I still don’t know...]

[You’re really stubborn, aren’t you? Well, that’s fine. I’m sure that it won’t
be too long before Kaito-san... stands before you. And then, he will go
challenge the depths of your soul that neither I nor the other Six Kings have
been able to reach.]

[...?!]

Kuro-san looks as if she’s about to cry.

There’s something she’s been seeking for a long time... but she’s given up hope
of ever getting it. Yes, whether it’s Kuro-san or I... even “that child”... but
now, Kaito-san is getting as close to that as possible. Maybe, if it’s
Kaito-san... having such a faint hope is probably making Kuro-san suffer more
than ever before. It took too long for him to show up. Long years have she been
caged, and being suddenly offered a miracle in front of her would make her
reject it.

[...Shalltear, what if I... “kill Kaito-kun”... What will you do?]

[...It’s not like I will do anything special.]

When Kuro-san quietly told me that, I also quietly replied.

[If you kill Kaito-san... I will mourn, regret, and feel angry... I will fight
you to the death... and probably “die” because I’m not strong enough to defeat
you.]

[...]

[It’s nothing special. If Kaito-san dies, I will die too, I didn’t intend to
fall in love without that level of commitment.]

[...]

At my words filled with determination, Kuro-san remains silent and doesn’t say
anything. Kuro-san also understands. She also knows that the day when that will
happen isn’t far away...

As far as I’m concerned, I’m only thinking about what to do to win over
Kaito-san... After that, I would make my approach and make him see me as a woman
as well. Well, let’s put a stop to thinking about this for the future.

Because at some point, when that time comes, whether we want it or not... the
answer will come to us by itself.

Kaito-san... I love you. That’s why, please... More than anything, I wish for
you a happy ending...

However, this sure is troubling. I’m afraid the result of the events went out of
my expectations. I had actually planned for this to be the scene where “the
character known as Alice” would get off the stage. However, now that all of that
happened, it can’t be helped. For the time being, I guess I’ll revise the
scenario so that I will continue to support Kaito-san’s future, “not as the
Phantasmal King, but as Alice”.
