---
toc: true
---

# Epilogue

In the center of the God Realm where beautiful flowers bloom... in the land
known as the Sanctuary, the God of the world muttered to herself.

[The hands of the clock finally moved forward. I suppose there’s no turning back
now. The doorway to the depths will appear before you whether you want it or
not. Now then, what kind of choice will you make, Kaito-san?]

Her golden eye that see not only the world, but also the past and the future,
look at the big situation that will unfold in the future. The God’s
intonationless voice reverberated quietly in the Sanctuary, where no one but her
was present.

[...Good grief, you’ve been calling me hardheaded, but I don’t think you’re any
worse, Kuro.]

Speaking to them who aren’t here, the God thought of he who challenges and she
who is about to be challenged.

[It feels a little complicated for me, but now, there’s no point in asking “who
is the beginning”, right? As a result, the hands of the clock moved forward, and
the Singularity named Miyama Kaito appeared in this world.]

There was a trace of sadness on her face, but there’s no one in this place to
have seen this. The true meaning of the words of the God Shallow Vernal is still
shrouded in mystery.

[Complaints... Ahh, I see now, so this is what it feels to be frustrated huh.
And yes, this should be that. This is... the feeling of “jealousy”. It’s
troublesome and unbearable. I’m the one who created this world, and yet the
world doesn’t work the way I want it to.]

Perhaps, if anyone had heard those words, they would have immediately noticed
the anomaly. They would have been astonished at the change that came to the
being known as Shallow Vernal...

But fortunately or unfortunately, no one has heard her words. Thus, Shallow
Vernal covered her emotions under a lid and decided that she didn’t need them
right now.

[...I suppose it can’t be helped. If this is what you wish... If only for a
little bit, I’ll help you.]

Thinking of a person in mind, the Absolute God smiled slightly. Even when she
speaks out complaints, talking about how this isn’t the way she wanted things to
go... Shallow Vernal reached out her hands to him.

[...You who I had been waiting for, my beloved Miyama Kaito, “my singularity”...
Please show me more. Show me the true value of your existence, sparkle like the
brightest stars.]

As her silvery-white hair swayed in the slight breeze, the God who created the
world declared.

[...I pray that you will be able to grasp the happy ending of your story...]

Her voice was too affectionate, but at the same time... terribly sad.
