---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 1: Visit to the Demon Realm

After meeting up with Lillywood-san and exchanging some small talks,
Lillywood-san spoke with her gentle smile still on her face.

“Since you’re already here, I’d like to take you around Yggfresis but.... I
guess that would make Isis angry with me.”

[Unnn?]

“Isis is really looking forward to your arrival. She insisted that she would be
here to pick you up as well, but as expected, there would be lots of commotion
if she came near the gate...”

Come to think of it, Isis-san and the other members of the Six Kings usually use
Teleportation Magic to move around, and they don’t pass through the gates. If
it’s a city ruled by Lillywood-san, like this place, there would be very many
people near the gate, so when one of the Six Kings shows up, it would probably
cause a commotion. Especially if it’s Isis-san, who has her magic power of
death, I think it would cause lots of troubles...

As I was thinking about that, Lillywood-san leaned her head as if she noticed
something.

“Oya? Is that thing in your arm a magic tool, Kaito-san?”

[Eh? Yes, it’s a Teleportation Magic Tool that Kuro made for me.]

Currently, on my arm is a bracelet with a white magic crystal inlaid in it...
This is the Teleportation Magic Tool made by Kuro. I’ve been told that it can
remember up to 50 Teleportation points, can teleport from the Human Realm to the
Demon Realm, and even if I use it once, it can be reused in about 10 minutes.
When I told her that, Lillywood-san looked surprised.

“I guess that’s to be expected from Kuromueina huh. It’s just as good as one of
the Six King’s Teleportation Magic, except that it takes time to reuse it.”

[It’s just that... I tried using it once before, and it made me feel sick.]

“If you’re not used to it, you’ll get Teleportation sickness. You should be able
to get used to it after a few uses.”

[I see.]

“I think we’ve gotten off track a bit. Since we don’t want to keep Isis waiting
too long, it’s time to go.”

[Yes.]

Nodding at her words, branches grow out of the tree that Lillywood-san is
integrated into, and as if it were being knitted, it turned into a chair.

“Please sit there. It will take just a moment with Teleportation Magic but...
This is Kaito-san’s first time in the Demon Realm, so let’s head over and tour
the Demon Realm for a bit. Ahh, don’t worry, I’m sure Isis agrees with me on
that... Well, we’re in a bit of a rush so...”

[Understood, please excuse me.]

It seems like we won’t be moving directly to Isis-san’s castle with
Teleportation Magic, but rather, guide me through the Demon Realm for a bit. I’m
certainly grateful for that. I’m certainly grateful for that. I’m curious about
what the Demon Realm is like, and if Isis-san agreed with that, I’d love to ask
her for that. From where I stand, I can only feel like I’m inside a forest, and
I can’t really grasp the sceneries of the Demon Realm. I had an image that it
would be dim and full of wilderness but...

Imagining all sorts of sceneries I might be able to see in the Demon Realm, I
sat down on the wooden chair that Lillywood-san prepared for me, and the chair
floated up and began to move at a considerable speed following Lillywood-san’s
guidance. I was surprised since it was faster than I imagined, but I didn’t feel
any wind pressure, perhaps because a barrier was magically put up, making this
trip comfortable.

[Arehh? Speaking of which, how is Lillywood-san moving around?]

“I’m actually slightly floating up in the air.”

[...Ah, you really are.]

I was wondering how Lillywood-san, who is merged with a tree, was moving around,
but just as she said, her roots are indeed slightly floating in the air.

The sceneries flew by at a high speed for a while... As I proceed through the
forest as if I was watching from inside a bullet train, I saw a light in our
path and finally seemed to exit the forest. As we went past the forest, we were
met by a wilderness filled with rocky surfaces... isn’t what happened, and we
actually came out a prairie filled with greenery.

[...Arehh?]

“Fufufu, was it different from what you had in mind?”

[Errr...]

“For some reason, it seems that when otherworlders hear of the Demon Realm....
they would think that it’s a place that is dim and rocky.”

Yep. We certainly had an image that it would be like hell, but it’s totally
different. How should I say this... I’ve never been there, but this place makes
me think of Africa, as I can see herds of monsters and animals of all sizes in
the vast prairie, and huge birds are flying in the sky.

[...It’s more like the Human Realm than I thought.]

“Yes, that is, well, even though we’re separated by a dimensional wall, we’re
still living in the same world. Of course, the creatures living between our
realms are quite different... As there are many large monsters and animals here
in the Demon Realm.”

[I see.]

“Even then, each region has its own characteristics. The southern area has many
high rocky mountains, and many places over there hidden beneath the shadows, so
that area may be closer to the image Kaito-san had.”

Lillywood-san then began giving me some explanation about the Demon Realm. The
Northern Area where we are now, there’s land covered in ice at the northern end,
while the rest of the area is mostly grasslands and forests, and this is the
area where Isis-san and Lillywood-san live.

In the south, there are many rocky mountains and wildernesses, and many dragons
live in that region, along with the one leading them, the Dragon King. It seems
that there are many deserts and volcanoes in the west, and there stands the city
which Megiddo-san rules over. The eastern part is relatively close to the
northern area, where there are many grasslands and lakes... This is apparently
where Kuro lives, but she doesn’t seem to hold possession of any territory. It
seems to be an area filled with towns or villages rather than having any big
city as its capital.

I’ve been told that the Phantasmal King doesn’t have any castle anywhere, and
Lillywood-san also doesn’t know where she usually lives either.

Anyway, it seems that each region has its own characteristics, but to begin
with, since the Demon Realm is so vast, it seems that there are various places
in every region with different environments, so what she said is just for
reference only. As I listened to Lillywood-san’s thorough explanation while
looking at the blue skies spreading out above the prairie... The wooden chair
that had been moving slowly stops.

“...Oya, how unusual. Kaito-san, over there... there’s a Behemoth.”

[Heeehh, if it’s a Behemoth, I’ve already seen—Whoa, that’s large?!]

Hearing Lillywood-san’s words, I moved my gaze to where she’s pointing at... and
there stands a monster with a dark purple body. When she mentioned a Behemoth, I
thought of Bell but... the Behemoth over there was so huge that I thought they
were about as tall as skyscrapers, and with its red horns... I felt like I was
watching a kaiju straight out of a movie.

If I had encountered it alone, I would have ran away instantly but... Since
Lillywood-san is currently in front of me, I can feel as safe as I can be. When
the Behemoth notices us, it looks at Lillywood-san and after shifting its body,
it begins to let out a low growl.

“...How troubling. I was hoping that it would be frightened and run away but....
It looks like it’s planning to attack us because it thinks it can’t escape.”

[Eeehhhh?!]

Hearing Lillywood-san’s words as she let out a sigh of amazement, I couldn’t
help but be flustered, even if Lillywood-san, one of the Six Kings, was here.
Because the Behemoth’s physique is tens of times larger than Lillywood-san, it
looks really intimidating. And then, red lightning bolts gushed out from the
Behemoth’s horns and gathered around its mouth. Could that be it’s flash-like
breath?! I couldn’t help but cower at that thought, but Lillywood-san didn’t
seem to be shaken at all.

After the red light reached a critical point, a flash of light was released and
a huge tree root covered my vision.

“Don’t worry... It’s easy to clear away that level of sparks. As long as I’m
here, I won’t let you get hurt, Kaito-san.”

[.........]

Easily defending against that flash of lightning emitted from that tremendous
giant, Lillywood-san quietly increases the magic power she’s clad in.

“...Good grief. I don’t like useless fights. I would have to intimidate it a
little so that it runs away... Oya?”

[Wha?!]

The moment Lillywood-san was about to intimidate the Behemoth with the
tremendous magic power in her body, the earth greatly shook.

[A-An earthquake?!]

For a moment, I thought it was an earthquake, but if so, it was so strange that
the earth shook greatly and then stopped, and after a little while, it shook
again. It might be impossible, but it was like the earth was shaking due to
“someone’s footsteps”.

“...How unusual. For him to get out of his home...”

[Eh?!]

Lillywood-san, who turned around and said that in surprise, made me look back...
and made me lost for words.

[What?! A-Ahh...]

That was quite an unbelievable sight.

The Behemoth I just encountered was far bigger than Megiddo-san, who was the
largest I had seen before coming to the Demon Realm, and I was already
overwhelmed from that being with such size. However, now—even that Behemoth
seems like a speck of rice compared to “that”.

As I turned my head to look, far over the distance... a “mountain” was
approaching our direction. No, it’s not a mountain... Something that’s as huge
as a mountain is coming towards us. What the heck is that, what the heck is
happening?! It must still be a considerable distance away from here... and yet,
it’s huge that I could even see its whole body from here?! The fact that it
looks that big from this distance means that it’s bigger than Mt. Fuji... no, it
may even be larger than that?! W-What’s with that ridiculous size... Is that
really a living thing?

[...That’s... don’t tell me...]

“Yes, it’s as Kaito-san might have guessed, that’s the Demon Realm’s... no the
world’s largest being. “The Dragon King Magnawell”.”

[?!]

That’s already like a walking mountain range... A true monster that exceeds 5000
meters, shaking the earth just by walking. I can’t even compare it with other
creatures I’ve ever seen, as it’s a gigantic dragon larger than any mountains
I’ve ever seen before.

A gigantic dragon taller than the skies—had literally appeared.

Even from a distance, he looks incredibly large, but when I looked at him close
enough, it was already a sight that can be considered as a joke. I mean, are you
telling me that the thing I’m looking at now is just his leg?! No, no, it looks
like a giant dark brown wall already, and I can’t even look up above his feet
anymore!!! Is he one of those so-called earth dragons? Even one of his
quadrupedal feet had exceeded through the clouds.

Thereupon, the Dragon King came to a stop in front of Lillywood-san and I, along
with the shaking earth. If we were close enough, there would apparently be a
gale blowing towards every direction by its steps, but Lillywood-san seemed to
be defending for that, so I didn’t feel anything aside from the earthquakes. The
Behemoth that had been trying to intimidate Lillywood-san a while ago were also
trembling, as if frightened by the Dragon King’s tremendous physique.

At that moment, the Dragon King slowly brings down his huge face, but like his
other body parts, his face alone still has a ridiculous size, as his face alone
is about the size of a normal mountain. Even one of its eyeballs is bigger than
the Behemoth... It’s size really far exceeds the realm of common sense.

“...What is it? Is this an eyesore rattling out here?”

He just said it with a carefree tone, but because his size was out of the norm
to begin with, just the volume of his voice made the air tremble, as if the
heavens were about to descend.

And slowly, the Dragon King moved his gaze to the Behemoth...

“Leave! Child!”

Just before he let out that voice, tree roots grew in my vision like a wall, and
immediately afterwards, that loudly vibrated. W-What the heck is with this
volume?! The wooden walls are shaking like a bomb just exploded?! The Dragon
King’s roar instantly extinguishes the Behemoth’s fighting spirit, and with a
tremendous speed, the Behemoth flees far away. After looking at it and moving
his face as if to let out a sigh, the Dragon King turns towards us.

“It’s been a while, Lillywood.”

“Yes, it’s been a while, Magnawell. It’s unusual for you to be out and about
outside of the Festival of Heroes.”

“What, I just came here to see the rumored otherworlder. However, it’s really
tricky to walk around without stepping on the Demons’ cities.”

After greeting Lillywood-san with a deep voice that reminds me of someone who
lived for a long time, the Dragon King turns his huge eyes towards me.

“So, you’re the otherworlder I’ve been hearing of?”

[?!]

H-He’s outrageously intimidating... The combination of his voice and magic
power, as well as the visual magnitude, makes my body tremble, as if I’m being
crushed.

![Insert 1](../../_Images/v05/Insert1.png#.insert)

However, even so, it’s not as bad as when I first encountered Isis-san. I think
it was quite rude to greet him while I’m trembling, so I closed my eyes once,
took a deep breath, suppressed the trembling of my body, and looked at the
Dragon King straight at his eyes... eye.

[Nice to meet you, I’m Miyama Kaito.]

“...Hoohhh... It seems that youngsters these days know how to be polite....
Good. You introduced yourself, and I will also do so. Magnawell Baskus Lardo
Kurtzvald... I am called the Dragon King.”

[I-I’m in your care.]

“Umu. I have heard rumors about you from the Phantasmal King, and wondered what
kind of youngster you are... and you’re even more than I expected, quite the
good expression you have there. Alright, Miyama Kaito. I allow you to call me by
my name just like the other members of the Six Kings, omitting the honorific
titles.”

[Thank you very much. Magnawell-san.]

He has a dignified way of speaking, a way of speaking that’s fit for a king. And
that king told me that he’s allowing me to call him by his name, just as I call
Kuro and the others. I thought it would be rude to call him with “-sama” by his
name here, so I followed what he said and called him Magnawell-san. Thereupon, a
huge pterosaur descends near Magnawell-san, flapping its wings. Another huge
dragon that was about a hundred meters long arrived, but it really does look
small in front of Magnawell-san’s size.

[Are you sure? You’re allowing him to call you that?]

He spoke?! Ah, no, Magnawell-san had just talked too, so I guess High-ranking
Dragons can talk.

“Umu, I can see why the others like this guy.... It looks like you don’t
understand huh. Good, Miyama Kaito, I’m going to ask you a question.”

[Eh? Ah, yes!]

“Just now, you closed your eyes and caught your breath before introducing
yourself to me... And why is that?”

[Errr, I-I thought it was rude to greet people while shaking.]

“Umu. It’s sometimes disrespectful when one shows reverence. Especially if it’s
to someone who’s trying to see your true worth, it’s only polite to be
respectful and speak for yourself... It’s easy to put into words, but there
aren’t many people who can do it in front of me. He has courage, and a good
heart.”

Hearing Magnawell-san’s explanation, the pterosaur nodded once as if he was
convinced, and then, flapped his wings and disappeared in the skies.

“Good grief, youngsters these days lack that kind of temperament. All they do
before me is tremble and throw out offhanded compliments... Even back in my
youth, there are hardly such people too...”

“...Magnawell. Please cut to the chase. If you keep Kaito-san around too long...
It will make Isis angry.”

“Unnn? What is this, are both of you heading to Isis?”

[Yes, I’m on my way to visit Isis-san’s castle.]

“...Visit her castle? To Isis? How unusual...”

Hearing what I said, Magnawell-san looked a little surprised. However, he
quickly regained his expression, and facing towards me, he spoke.

“Well then, let’s talk on the way... Get on, I’ll take you there.”

[...Huh?]

“Fumu, I suppose it’s certainly easier to see the scenery above your body.”

[Eh? Wait?!]

I feel like the situation is turning outrageous, but Lillywood-san doesn’t seem
to mind either, as she floated me up and above Magnawell-san’s head... between
where his eyebrows would be if he’s human. Thereupon, Magnawell-san slowly
raises his face and his gaze switches at once. The view above his head certainly
is quite the picturesque scenery. The majestic nature spreading out below me
looks as if I was looking down from the top of a mountain, unconsciously making
me overwhelmed. I didn’t notice it from below, but there was a large number of
dragons flying around Magnawell-san, making me see why he was rightly called the
King of Dragons.

Thereupon, Magnawell-san started walking. His gait looked quite slow but... To
begin with, with his tremendous size, each of his steps is outrageously large,
making the scenery quickly pass by.

[...The Demon Realm is a really beautiful place.]

“Is this your first time seeing the Demon Realm? Miyama Kaito.”

[Yes, it’s amazing.]

As I unconsciously voiced out my impressions as I looked at the beautiful
greenery of this vast prairie, Magnawell-san reacted.

“That’s right, the land around here has changed a lot over the years... about
20,000 years ago, that area used to be...”

“...So, he’s started huh... Kaito-san. Magnawell’s story of the past would take
a long time.”

[...Ehh?]

When Magnawell-san began to speak in a somewhat nostalgic tone, Lillywood-san
muttered with a sigh. Errr, what is this... I guess he’s like those old men who
like to tell stories huh? If that’s so, it really might take us a while for him
to finish.

“...And so, the beings living in that area have changed.”

[I see, then, the greenery in this area is really influenced by Lillywood-san’s
presence here huh.]

“Umu, that is so, it is the earth that is... Hmmm? We can finally see it huh.”

[Eh? Whoa?!]

And then, Magnawell-san’s stories were really long, and we ended up talking
about the past along the way. Nearly an hour into the story telling, I was
starting to feel tired of his story.... But right just in time, I saw the land
covered in ice out of the corner of my eye. I’ve never been to those places
before, but I feel like it would be like North Pole or South Pole, as the land
covered in ice is beautiful, yet it somehow makes me feel lonely. I mean, it
really looks like it’s cold here... Eh? Wouldn’t I freeze to death here wearing
thin clothes...

(It’s no problem. With my Blessing, you can swim graceful even in magma.)

It also makes me heat-resistant huh? I don’t really have any plans on going
swimming in magma, for the next eternity that is... but this Blessing really is
amazing.

(You can praise me more, you know? Praises make me happy.)

Errr, well, ummm... Your Blessing is very useful and really helps me out.
However, if you could tell me more about the other effects...

(Let’s see. As for my Blessing’s other effects, there are lots of stuff it could
do.)

I got a response with no new information?! Well, whatever...

While I was dumbfounded about Shiro-san, who was just as usual, Magnawell-san
muttered as if he found something strange.

“...What is this? Is something wrong with that Isis fellow? The magic power of
death around her has become really thin...”

“It’s the other way around. Isis is in an incredibly good mood right now.... She
has been like that for hours, feeling happy as she restlessly waited for
Kaito-san’s arrival.”

“Fumu, she really likes him huh.”

“Yes, that is so...”

It seems that Isis-san was looking forward for today, and I was somewhat happy
and embarrassed at the same time when I heard that. And just when we were near
the icy land, Magnawell-san slowly stops.

“...This is as far as I can go. If I take another step forward, the ice on that
patch of ground will crack.”

“You’re right.”

Nodding at Magnawell-san’s words, Lillywood-san levitates me again and lowers me
to the ground, before looking back at Magnawell-san.

“Thank you very much. Magnawell.”

[Thank you very much. I’ve learned a lot from your stories.]

“Hohoho, you’re quite the diligent one huh. I see why the other members of the
Six Kings like you, you’re a pleasant young man.”

Magnawell-san smiles somewhat happily as I thank him.

“Alright, youngster. I’ll give you an allowance.”

[...Huh?]

Then, just like an old man who has just met his grandson, he moved his face...
and placed in front of me an enormous scale that could easily have been over
five meters high.

“It’s my scale, you can sell it or make it into armor, you’re free to do
whatever you want with it.”

[Ah, errr, thank you very much.]

“That’s great. Kaito-san, with Magnawell’s scale, you could easily build a
castle or two if you sold it.”

He just gave me something extraordinary?! I-Indeed, just hearing that this is
called a “Dragon King’s Scale” makes it feels like an extraordinary object. I-I
honestly want to politely refuse, but it would be rude not to accept it here, so
I thanked him and put it away in the magic box.

“Miyama Kaito, next time you’re around south, you should come to my home. I’ll
be able to tell you many more stories.”

[Y-Yes. If I have the opportunity, I’d love to come.]

“Umu. Farewell, and give my regards to Isis.”

Happily smiling one more time, Magnawell-san slowly moved his body... and along
with the earth rumbling once again, he left. Magnawell-san is humongous, with a
kingly majesty, and a wealth of knowledge that shows the long years he lived.
How should I say this, among the Six Kings I’ve met, in a way—he might be the
most kingly of them all.

After parting ways with Magnawell-san, I stepped into the icy land with
Lillywood-san. Even though I knew I had Shiro-san’s blessing, I was still a
little nervous about plunging into a land of ice and snow but... I was able to
step forward without feeling particularly cold. Indeed, if I think about it,
with so much ice and snow all over the place, I should have felt the cold before
I stepped in here, so Shiro-san’s blessing was already having an effect.

As I continued on through the icy land, a large castle came into view out of the
corner of my eye. It’s a beautiful castle that seems to blend in with the
landscape... Its color is white and ephemeral like snow, but its exterior is
solemn, and gives the impression of a mysterious temple of some kind. So
that’s... the castle where Isis-san lives...

“It’s already in sight huh... oops, oya oya, I guess a certain someone couldn’t
just wait huh.”

[...Ahh.]

Lillywood-san announced in an amazed, but somewhat happy voice, and when I moved
my gaze, I saw the gates of the ice castle opened, revealing Isis-san’s figure.

[Isis-san!]

[...?! Kaito!]

After seeing that it’s Isis-san, I waved my hand while calling out in a slightly
louder voice, and hearing my call, Isis-san smiled like a blooming flower. I
immediately arrive at the gate where she’s waiting, get off the floating wooden
chair and approach her. Isis-san was dressed in a pale blue gothic dress that
was a little different from the usual, and combined with her pearly white hair
that shone faintly with the light, she looked so pretty that she looked like a
snow fairy. Hmmm. As I thought, Isis-san is very cute... Ah, this is no good,
I’m getting a little nervous.

[...Kaito... Welcome... I’m glad... that you’re here...]

[No, it’s a pleasure for me to be here too, to visit you, Isis-san. I’ll be in
your care today.]

[...Unnn!]

Isis-san seemed really happy as she repeatedly nodded with a murderously cute
smile that made me slightly blush.

[Speaking of which... Is it really alright if I “borrow one of your rooms”?]

[...Unnn... If it’s Kaito... You could stay here... anytime you want... I’ll be
happy... if you stay here.]

[T-Thank you very much. Well then, I’ll be in your care for three days.]

[Unnn!]

Yes, this isn’t just a one-day trip. I’m going to stay at Isis-san’s castle for
two nights. At first, I thought it would just be a day trip, but after talking
to Kuro, I found out that it’s quite a distance from the Teleportation Gate to
Isis-san’s castle, and she said it wouldn’t be a relaxing day trip. When I
talked to Isis-san about it, she suggested that I could stay the night.

I’m not sure if I’d want to trouble her at first... Or rather, I was quite
nervous, thinking about being alone with Isis-san under one roof, so I thought
I’d refrain from staying the night at her place, but there are no lodgings
around the place where Isis-san lives, let along any village, and if I didn’t
stay, I’d just go there, only to immediately go back home. What’s the point of
going there then? So, in the end, I decided to break off and visit for three
days and two nights.

I was supposed to arrive in the Demon Realm in the afternoon, but since it was
already getting close to evening, I think that staying the night was indeed the
right choice. And well, since Lillywood-san is also here, so it’s not like we’re
alone...

“Well then, I’ve already sent Kaito-san here, so I’d better get going.”

[...Ehh?]

[...Unnn... Lillywood... Thank you.]

“Well then, Kaito-san. I’ll be back to pick you up when you return.”

[Eh? Wait?!]

Eeeehhhhh?! Please wait right there?! You’re going home? Lillywood-san, you’re
leaving already?! I was about to open my mouth to hurriedly stop Lillywood-san,
but before I could stop her, Lillywood-san disappeared with Teleportation Magic.
Wait a minute... A-As expected, this situation is bad.

The situation I’m in now was different from the previous time when Isis-san came
to Lilia-san’s mansion. It certainly was just the two of us in the room at that
time, but there were lots of people inside the mansion but... there’s no one
else living in Isis-san’s castle except for Isis-san.

In that case, it’s really the authentic “just the two of us” scenario... I-I’m
starting to get extremely nervous!

[...Kaito?]

[Y-Y-Y-Yes?!]

[...Are you okay?]

[I-I-I’m okay! I-It’s just that I’m feeling a bit tired from the long trip...]

The sorrow of a virgin... A very rude fantasy was running through my head,
confusing my thoughts, and before I knew it, the nearby Isis-san came over and
peeked towards my face... I felt like my heart would pop out. I’m sorry,
Isis-san. I was just having weird imaginations...

Apologizing in my mind, I entered the castle through the big gate with Isis-san.

The interior of the castle was honestly an impressive sight.

The beautiful shimmering floor, the shape and all those thingies on the
chandeliers, and even the pillars were beautiful like works of art. I’ve been to
Chris-san’s castle before, but this place was much wider and more beautiful than
that... I guess it’s to be expected from the home of one of the Six Kings huh...

[It’s very spacious, isn’t it.]

[...Unnn... but... there are still lots of unused rooms...]

Isis-san looked a little sad as she told me that.

Thinking about it, I guess it’s no wonder... Isis-san was the only one living in
this large castle. This is why even though this castle is large and beautiful,
it feels empty and lonely.

Why did Isis-san build such a large castle?

This might be one of her dreams she once had... A dream where just like the
other members of the Six Kings, she would build a large castle, expecting the
spectacle of having many of her own subordinates, living together in that
bustling castle. While looking around at the interior of the large castle, I
came up with an idea... I talked to Isis-san who was walking next to me with a
smile on her face.

[I’ve never seen a castle like this before. If it’s alright, can you show me
around later?]

[...Kaito... Unnn... I’ll take you... on a tour.]

I told her those words. Perhaps sensing the intentions put into them, Isis-san
has some tears in her eyes before she happily smiles from the bottom of her
heart. As I thought, I think a smile suits her the best... At least, when she’s
with me, I want her to not feel lonely...

[...That’s right... Kaito... You said earlier... that you were... tired.]

[Eh? Ah, yes. A little bit.]

[...Then... Do you want... to take a bath?]

[A bath, is it?]

Hearing the words that Isis-san suddenly thought and told me, I tilted my head
and asked.

[...Unnn... When you’re tired... having a bath... is the best.]

[I-I guess you’re right... Hmmm. Then, may I take you up on your offer?]

[...Unnn... I’ll show you the bathroom.]

[Yes.]

When I told her I was tired from the long trip, it seemed that she was worried
about it, so she suggested that I take a bath and relax. To be honest, I just
answered that in a panic earlier, but I was happy to see her concern, and since
it was a good suggestion, I decided to presume upon her kindness.

---

[Fuuuu\~\~]

After washing myself thoroughly, I soaked in the bathtub and heavily exhaled.

[...I didn’t expect that it would be an open-air bath... I was surprised.]

The scene in front of me was so shocking that I couldn’t help but speak to
myself. The huge bathtub, which seems to have enough room for a reception hall
to fit inside it, is located in the part of the castle that juts out like a
large veranda, and if I move my gaze, I can see the silver world and watch as
snow gently falls. I never thought that after coming to another world, I would
take an open-air bath... Well, I asked Isis-san about why an “Open air bath”,
but she just tilted her head, so it wasn’t like this was handed down from
another world, but simply just a tub built outdoors. Well, not knowing whether
it’s called an open-air bath or not is just a trivial matter, and for now, I’ll
just enjoy this luxurious moment while gazing at this spectacular view.

The temperature around the bath is definitely below freezing, but I don’t feel
the freezing wind, but rather, it feels just like a cool breeze caressing my
cheeks. This might make me look like a stinking old man, but I’m telling you,
this bath is paradise...

As I was slowly stretching out in the bath tub while thinking like that... I
heard the sound of the door opening—Eh?

[...Kaito... Is the water... not too hot?]

[...Huh?]

Wait, wait, wait?! Why the heck did I just hear Isis-san’s voice just now?!

Strange, that’s weird?! I mean, if that’s the case, it’s like...

I-I see... It must have been just my “hallucinations” huh!

Well\~ That’s no good, me... No matter how unpopular I am, if I not only start
dreaming delusions, I’m also hearing hallucinations, it’s already the end for
you! It might just be because I’ve been unknowingly exhausted for the day...
Alright, it’s all in my head! It’s definitely just in my head! Even if I turn
around, there’s no one there! There’s no one...

[...I’m also... going in... with you.]

[?!?!?!]

When I looked back, out of the corner of my eye... is a paradise in a different
meaning from the one I experienced just now. What the heck is with this
situation? I mean, look—I thought I didn’t have that Lucky Pervert syndrome?!

At the end of my gaze, Isis-san, with her snow-white skin exposed, is
approaching, floating in the air, and the sound of my heartbeat is getting loud
enough for me to hear.

Isis-san isn’t wrapped in a towel or anything, and as if she’s excusing herself
as she approaches my way with a towel in front of her body, and only the
important parts of her body are just barely hidden.

[I-Is-Isis-san?!]

[...Unnn? ...What’s the matter?]

[W-W-What are you doing here?!]

[...What you ask... I’m here... to take a bath... together... with Kaito.]

Aaaaaahhhhh?! Don’t tilt your head! The towel will move along! I will end up
seeing things, you know?! Or rather, how long am I going to look at her like
this?! Quickly turn your eyes away, dimwit?! Desperately telling my body to turn
away, I manage to take my gaze off of Isis-san. Then, with my back facing
Isis-san, I flusteredly continued speaking.

[I-I will be going out!]

[...Don’t.]

[Ehh? What?!]

[...If you don’t properly... relax in the back... your tiredness won’t
disappear.]

Arehh? That’s weird... Just now, I think Isis-san was right behind me with her
hands lightly pressing on my shoulders while she’s scolding me. I don’t feel
like she’s putting any force in her hand at all... but my body can’t even make a
twitch?! It’s hard to imagine based on her looks, but she really is one of the
absurdly powerful king huh? In any case, I can’t escape like this. I can only
prepare myself... Empty my mind and keep a strong grip on my heart... Keep
calm... Keep calm...

While I’m trying to calm myself off of my agitation, I heard the sound of
Isis-san getting into the bathtub.

[...Hnnn... Fuaahh...]

Can you please stop making erotic voices over there, please?! I feel like my
mind got burned out just now and something’s about to snap, you know?!

[...That feels good.]

[T-T-That’s right...]

Awawawa, what should I do?! She sits down next to me like it’s obvious, her
voice kinda sound erotic, and even though I try not look at her, my eyes were
unintentionally...

Her skin is really white?! And why do her shoulders look tiny?! M-M-Moreover...
She’s in a ponytail?!

Apparently, Isis-san is wearing her hair in a ponytail so that her hair doesn’t
get soaked in the bathtub, and the nape of her neck, which is usually hidden by
her long hair, is visible, and her skin, which is slightly reddish, is beautiful
like a work of art. I feel like I was really going to lose my mind if I stayed
silent like this, so as I was hoping we would talk about something I can take my
attention to, I murmured.

[I-Is-Isis-san... Ummm, errr... A-Aren’t you embarrassed?]

Wait, what the heck am I saying?! That’s no good, she’s completely shaking now,
I feel like I’ve led the situation to an even worse direction because of that
attempt to distract myself from the subject. Hearing my words, Isis-san opened
her mouth with a slight blush and a slightly downcast look.

[...Being seen by other people... isn’t something I like but... if it’s Kaito...
I’m fine with it.]

S-She’s here to cause murder... She’s completely here to obliterate my reason?!
She’s too cute, and that cuteness is too close to me... I think it’s inevitable
that I will end up seeing some bits... No, no?! Stop messing around... No matter
how much the other party likes me, thinking of taking a good look at her when I
haven’t even responded to her feelings is just the worst! Calm down, it’s
alright... Stop lowering your gaze. Don’t move my body carelessly. Don’t make
any weird delusions... Good, it will be alright!

[...Kaito.]

[Wha-?!]

[...Unnn?]

[I-I-Is-Isis-san?! Y-Y-Y-Your hand?!]

However, as if to mock the determination I held unto, taking my hand from under
the bathtub, Isis-san gently held my hand. The heavenly softness held between
her two arms... and the slightly hard part slightly protruding out of them...
T-That is, ummm, isn’t that...

[...I’m really... glad that... Kaito came... today.]

[.........]

The words that Isis-san is speaking aren’t entering my mind at all. My reasoning
is on the verge of collapsing, and all my nerves are focused on the flowery
scent wafting from Isis-san and her soft “cheeks” on my shoulder. I feel like
blood is rushing to my head, and the hand that isn’t held by Isis-san begins to
unconsciously move...

[...I thought... you wouldn’t... come.]

[...Eh?]

Her lonely voice that told me that stopped my hand that was about to move.

[...I believed... that Kaito... wasn’t that kind of person... but... still... I
was worried.]

[...Isis-san.]

[...That’s why... when you really came... makes me feel glad... When Kaito is
here... it feels warm.]

[.........]

Isis-san, looking happy as she leans her body to me...Feeling the anxiety of the
loneliness she held in her heart, I pinch my own thighs as hard as I can with
the hand that isn’t held by Isis-san.

The emotions Isis-san held are so pure and beautiful. Just wanting to be in
touch with others, wishing to feel their warmth...

Her eroticism isn’t calculated like Chris-san does, and she’s just coming up to
me, genuinely wanting to be near me. That must be why my heart is beating so
fast. And that’s why, it’s not good to insincerely tarnish such pure feelings...
I don’t want to do something that betrays Isis-sans feelings. So, for the time
being, I must desperately hold out... Persevere, me!

---

[...So, umm... Why are we in this kind of situation?]

[...I’m going to wash... your back... and help you clean.]

[...Y-Yes.]

How the heck did this happen? I don’t know how far God has to go to test me
until they’re satisfied... but I can’t help but think they’re seriously trying
to kill off my reason.

(It’s not like I’m doing anything of that sort though?)

You’re distracting me here, so shut up there, airhead Goddess.

![Insert 2](../../_Images/v05/Insert2.png#.insert)

I fired back at the airhead Goddess who responded to my inner thoughts as if it
was obvious, but just at that moment, I felt something like a sponge touch my
back. I’m not sure if sponges exist in this world, but there seems to be
something similar in this world, which is used to wash the body when you bathe.
What was it called again? Kusunoki-san, Hina-chan and I just usually call them
sponges, so I’ve forgotten what it’s really called.

Anyway, Isis-san carefully rubs my back with the sponge. Her hands are gentle,
and Isis-san’s long hair would sometimes slightly touch my skin, and my heart
would beat really fast everytime it happens... Thanks to my thoughts being
slightly directed to other things, I was able to become calmer than before...

[...Ahh... sorry... I dropped it.]

[ \~ \~ ?!?! ]

The sponge flopped off her hand and rolled in front of me, and just as Isis-san
reached out from behind me to pick it up... Those stuck behind my back. The
feeling of our skins touching each other, her slightly lower body temperature
feels warm against my warmer body, but it also feels like my body is getting
hotter and hotter.

Moreover, Isis-san’s seemed to have a bit of a hard time picking up the sponge,
as she moved her body several times, making her breasts, which was touching my
back, move up and down.

Is this heaven or is this hell... I’m already on the verge of overheating here.

[...Should I also... wash... the front?]

[I-I-It’s alright!]

The front is bad, really really bad... I’m hiding it well with my towel right
now, but I’m still a healthy young man. When in close contact with an incredibly
beautiful girl like Isis-san, no matter how hard I try to hold my reasoning
together, a certain part of my body will still naturally react. When I shook my
head with all my might in response to her words, Isis-san just slightly tilted
her head, but she then proceeded to wash my back with warm water. A-Alright, I
somehow managed to get through... I did my best. I worked super hard.

[...Then... Let’s swap.]

[...Huh?]

[...Washing... It’s now... Kaito’s turn...]

[.........]

...Come to think of it, I think she said she would wash me first. Eh? No way?
I’m going to wash Isis-san’s back? Even though that part’s standing angry?
H-However, if I said no here... She would look terribly sad, a-and I can’t
decline?! Not noticing my surprise, Isis-san changes her sitting position to
swap places with me as if it’s natural. Or rather, Isis-san?! Could you please
hide your front?! I could see something small and pink over there, you know?!

[...Kaito?]

[Sttttooooooppppp! Don’t turn over here!!! I’m going to wash you already!!!]

[...Unnn.]

...Hold on there, my reasoning... You mustn’t let my body start getting
nosebleed...

Aaaaaahhhhhh?! Her skin is soft, smooth and ridiculously beautiful... This
really is one heck of an ordeal... Clear all these obstructive thoughts. Wash
away all these obstructive thoughts.

[...Hnnnn... Haaahhh...]

Like I said, could you stop with those erotic voices?! This is seriously
dangerous, you know?!

I worked really hard... I worked so hard that I don’t think I’ve ever worked
this hard ever before in my life, as I managed to overcome the biggest challenge
that came into my life.

It feels like I can still distinctly feel it in my hand... Can I sleep tonight?

[...Kaito... have some... meal.]

[T-Thank you very much.]

After the bath, I heard from Isis-san that she had prepared dinner for me, so
I’m now sitting in a dining room that’s just as large as the other rooms,
sitting side by side with Isis-san. Or rather, you had such a big table, but
you’re sitting next to me... We aren’t even using a tenth of the table, but
well, I guess it’s really like Isis-san.

All of the food that Isis-san prepared for me looks simple and delicious, but it
doesn’t look like she put it in her magic box... Wouldn’t it get cold here? As
if to answer my question, a small magic circle floats on Isis-san’s hand, and
steam suddenly rises from the soup.

[W-Whoa... Steam suddenly started appearing.]

[...I have casted... State Preservation Magic on it.]

I see, I’m just pseudo-using State Preservation Magic by placing it in my magic
box, but it seems that at Isis-san’s level, she can easily use it to that
degree. And then, just as I moved my eyes to the food, Isis-san crossed her
hands in front of her hips, fidgeting as she nervously spoke.

[...I hope... I made them... right....]

[Eh? Did Isis-san make these?]

[...U-Unnn... I don’t usually... eat... and so that Kaito could eat some... I
practiced... cooking.]

[...Isis-san.]

It seems that for Isis-san and some of the High-ranking Demons, eating and
sleeping isn’t a necessity, but a hobby. It seems that Isis-san usually only
eats teacakes along with her tea, so it seems that she practiced cooking for me.
How should I say this... I’m very happy and embarrassed at the same time, as
after thanking Isis-san again for the food, I reached out for the food.

[Thank you for the food.]

[...Unnn.]

The food that Isis-san made for me was... how should I say this... makes me feel
like it’s poorly prepared. It wasn’t refined at all, as if it’s made by someone
lacking experience...That’s why I could feel that Isis-san had frantically
practiced it with trial and error. Is that why...? The taste isn’t really
something that you can compliment, but this dish is impossibly delicious, and
most importantly, it warms my heart.

[...It tastes really great.]

[...Really? ...but... I never... cooked before...]

[Errr, look, it’s the same as what Isis-san told me before.]

[...Eh?]

[Because Isis-san made it for me, and because Isis-san is here with me... It
tastes much better than usual.]

[...Kai... to.]

This dish is really delicious, it’s like it was a dish filled with the sincerity
Isis-san had in her heart, and I can’t help but be moved from the bottom of my
heart. When I conveyed that thought to her, Isis-san’s eyes teared up like she
was overcome with emotions. Her very cute appearance makes my heart
unconsciously beat faster, and I hurriedly ate my meal in order to cover it up.

[...Ahh... Kaito... wait.]

[Yeah?]

For some reason, Isis-san told me to stop eating in the middle of my meal, and
as I tilted my head in response... She takes the fork I put down, pierces a
piece of salad and holds it out to me.

[...Here... Ahhnn...]

[Huh? Eh? W-Wait... Isis-san?! What are you doing all of a sudden?!]

[...When eating... you’d be happy if I did this... is what she said.]

[...Says who?]

[...Shalltear.]

Oi, you bastard, Phantasmal King.... Come out here for a sec. What the heck is
that bastard doing?! Not only are you scurrying around the shadows, you’re even
planting weird information everywhere?!

N-No, putting her aside, I need to do something about my situation now. Isis-san
is an honest person, so she completely believes the information the Phantasmal
King said about me being happy with it, and she’s doing this with 100% good
intentions. Well, of course, it isn’t like I dislike being on the receiving end
of such treatment but... it makes me absurdly embarrassed.

It would be easy to refuse here, but I’m sure that it would make Isis-san look
sad. I don’t want to make Isis-san sad... That’s right. All I have to do is put
up with a little embarrassment, right?! A-Alright...

[...T-Thank you for the food.]

[...Arehh? ...Kaito too... I want...]

[...Ahhnn...]

[...Yes... Is it tasty?]

[I-It’s tasty.]

[...That’s great.]

I know I’m repeating myself but... How could this happen? What I know for now is
that I won’t forgive that Phantasmal King... I will surely throw out my
complaints to her the next time I see her. Also, one more thing... there’s a lot
of food placed on the table, but you’re not telling me that I would have to eat
all of this, right?

[T-Thank you for the meal.]

[...Unnn... Ahh... there’s also... some dessert.]

[...Eh? Ah, yes. T-Thank you.]

I ate up the food, which was much more than I had imagined, with the sole
intention of making Isis-san happy, and after finally exhaling out now that it
was over but... it seems that there’s still dessert. I feel like my stomach’s
going to explode... H-However, I will do my best for Isis-san’s sake. If I don’t
eat it here, I’m not a man!

With the usual happy smile on her face, Isis-san took out an apple pie... or
rather, a ripple pie.

[A ripple pie?]

[...Unnn... Kaito... mentioned that... he likes it so...]

[Thank you.]

I certainly like apple pies.

Apple pie was one of mom’s specialties... Well, my mom wasn’t a very good cook,
and hamburger steaks and apple pies may be the only things she could properly
make...

Anyway, I can say that apple pie reminds me of mom and is my favorite food...
I’m not really aware of it, but could it be that I’m actually a mother-con?

[...Here... Ahhnn.]

[...Ahhnn.]

It seems that she would also do that with the dessert too, and I was about to
eat the ripple pie held out to my mouth, but then, I suddenly realized that the
situation we are in now was clearly different than it was earlier. Earlier, she
had held out food to me with a fork or a spoon, but now, Isis-san is holding out
a piece of ripple pie held with her hand. C-Calm down, it’s alright... If I
calculate the eating position properly and adjust the size of my mouth’s
opening...

With nervousness even greater than before, I ate the ripple pie. The sweet and
soft ripple fruit is matched with the crispy pie crust, and the gentle flavors
spread with the pleasant crunch every time I bite into it in my mouth.

...I couldn’t help but feel like crying. The ripple pie that Isis-san, who isn’t
used to cooking, made for me tasted just like my mom’s apple pie, who wasn’t a
good cook... It was a delicious taste that made my heart feel warm and fuzzy.
AsI was being moved by the nostalgic taste, Isis-san suddenly seemed to notice
something, as she reached her hand towards me.

[...Something’s on your cheek.]

[Ehh? Wha?!]

[....Nom.]

[ \~ \~ ?!?! ]

Isis-san took a piece of pie crust stuck on my lips with her finger and brought
it to her mouth like it’s something quite natural to her. This action
immediately blew away all my previous thoughts, and I feel my face grow
tremendously hot.

However, Isis-san didn’t seem to be particularly bothered at all, as she held
out another piece of ripple pie to my mouth again... gah, wait, wait?! The heck,
isn’t this bad?! I mean, just now, Isis-san caught that pie crust that was on my
lips with her finger... and put her finger inside her mouth once. And now, she’s
holding that ripple pie with her hand and trying to feed it to me... and this
time, it had become smaller because I took a bite out of it earlier, and its
size was just enough that it would be unnatural if I don’t eat it in one bite...
Isn’t that, errr, an indirect kiss...

[...U-Umm, Isis-san. As expected, I’d just...]

[...Ehhh...]

[Ah, no, I’m just kidding! Thank you for the food!]

I was about to say that I’d eat it myself, but immediately dropped it before a
sad expression appeared on Isis-san’s face. T-This is impossible! I can’t say
I’ll eat it myself if you give me a look like that! Realizing that I couldn’t
escape, I opened my mouth to eat the piece of ripple pie.

As Isis-san’s soft fingers entered my mouth, although it was only for a moment,
I felt as if my face was going to boil over from the faintest hint of body heat
from her fingers.

...However, that’s not the end of it. After all, there are still seven slices of
ripple pie left...

Seeing Isis-san with a cute smile on her face and a new slice in her hand, I
just got ready to receive the shame that was about to come.

After coming to visit Isis-san’s home, trials quickly began to swoop upon me,
and even though I’m already embarrassed from all these happiness, I feel like my
mind’s exhausted. And as I’m exhausted like that, Isis-san began to worry and
suggested that I should go to bed a little early. It’s true that I’m mentally
unable to keep up... but it’s mainly because my heart is beating too much around
Isis-san, and unless I don’t settle down at least once, I might not be able to
talk to her for a while. Deciding to take Isis-san’s suggestion, I move towards
the room that Isis-san is going to lend me.

The room that Isis-san has prepared for me is... to be honest, absurdly large.
In the center of the room, which is so large that you’d think that this was
actually the reception room, there’s a bed decorated with glittering splendor,
and apparently, she went out of her way to buy it for me. I felt bad about
having such a luxurious bed prepared for me, so when I asked Isis-san if it had
costed her quite a bit of money...

[...If you need... anything else... I’ll go buy it.]

[...Ah, no, I’m fine.]

As Isis-san took out a mountain of white gold coins with a calm smile on her
face, I immediately shook my head. What the heck is with that ridiculous amount
of money?! Isis-san, you’re actually absurdly rich?! N-No, she would certainly
be one since she built a castle like this, and I heard that very rare gems can
be extracted from this area, so maybe that’s how she got all her money. Anyway,
I had to sleep in that luxurious bed, and after thanking Isis-san, I laid down
on the soft futon... And it seems that I was so tired that I didn’t even notice
it, as if I’m sucked into a sinkhole, I feel my consciousness immediately sink
into slumber.

Wondering how long I’ve been asleep, I slowly open my eyes, feeling some
comforting warmth embracing my body. Trying to slowly get up in the dimly lit
room with the faint light of the Illumination Magic Tool... I stiffened as I
felt something grab my clothes.

...Is it just my imagination? It’s just that I have a very bad feeling...
There’s no way... There’s no way that’s the case, right? Feeling my heart
thumping loudly, I slowly threw off the blanket that was covering me...

[...Nuuu...]

There was Isis-san, sleeping with her small hands gripping on the chest part of
my nightwear, snuggled up to me. I don’t know when she snuck into my futon, but
Isis-san was sleeping peacefully, her face buried in my chest, her breath
tickling my skin, and I felt my body temperature rise all at once.

Moreover, that’s not all... Isis-san was wearing... a babydoll...

The thin, blue baby doll matches Isis-san’s delicate and lovely atmosphere, as
if she’s a cute fairy, but most of all, the fabric of such clothing was thin and
a little transparent.

[...Gulp...]

I could hear the sound of my gulp loudly ringing in my ears at the sight of her
figure, which is so sensational and defenseless. Her sleeping face is so
defenseless and cute that even people who dislike her because of her magic power
would say that her sleeping face is so cute. And when it’s not someone you
dislike, but rather an incredibly beautiful girl who’s usually so lovely while
harboring feelings closer to liking, the destructive power dealt is quite
unimaginable.

It’s no exaggeration to say that the one in front of me right now is an angel,
but before her, my head is so hot that I can’t think calmly at all. Even so, I’m
desperately trying to keep my reasoning in check, but a voice leaks out of the
mouth of Isis-san, who is sleeping as if she were chasing after me.

[...Nuuuu... Kaitooo...]

[ \~ \~ ?! ]

Her sweet, bewitching voice shook my mind, as if someone just slammed my head
with a baseball bat. A-A little touch should be fine, right...

Just as my hand was about to reach out along with those thought, I quickly
slapped it with my other hand as hard as I could. Wait, wait, wait! What the
fuck are you thinking, you big stupid idiot?! To touch a sleeping woman without
permission, no matter how much she likes me, is the worst thing for a man... no,
a human being can do! Cool off your head!!!

I desperately held on to my reasoning that was about to disappear and retracted
my hand. To be honest, Isis-san’s appearance right now really makes anyone
salivate but... I can’t betray Isis-san, who also trusts me. Anyway, how long am
I going to look at her?! Just forget that she snuck here and put covers back on
her body!!!

In the midst of my confused thoughts, I managed to pull the covers up again...
Just at that moment, I saw something faintly glitter on Isis-san’s face.

[...I don’t want... to be... alone.]

[.........]

I don’t know what she’s dreaming about. However, for this person... the fear of
loneliness really is something that has been following her since long ago. When
I saw the tear on Isis-san’s face, I felt my previously vague emotions take
shape inside me. I don’t want... Isis-san to be sad. I want her to always have a
smile on her face. Isis-san has power that is close to the top of this world,
but she is neither invincible nor unhurtable... That’s why I want to protect her
heart. I wanted to protect her from the feeling of loneliness that still takes
root in her heart... I felt that strongly in my mind.

Slowly, I put my hand close to Isis-san’s face and carefully wipe her tears
away. Thereupon, Isis-san seems to have reacted to my action and slowly opens
her red ruby eyes.

[...Hmmm... Kaito?]

[Ahh, sorry. Did I wake you up?]

[...It’s okay... Good morning... Kaito.]

[Good morning.]

Seeing the smile on Isis-san’s lips as if she’s relieved to see my face, I smile
back at her.

[Isis-san, now that you’re awake, should we do something?]

[...Eh?]

[I heard there are lots of books here, and I’d like to see them. There’s also
that place where you can mine gems, right? If it’s alright, can you take me
there?]

[...Kaito.]

[We still have at least two days left... Since we’re together, let’s go have
lots of fun. Let’s go do lots of things together. Let’s go see lots of things
together! What do you think?]

[ . . . . . . ?!?! ]

I don’t know if she sensed the thoughts held in my words, but Isis-san looked at
me with tears in her eyes. It’s clearly different from the tears she was
shedding as she slept a moment ago, as those tears fall down even as she looks
happy... and as if she’s a pulled bow, she leapt up the soft futon and onto my
body.

[I-Isis-san?!]

[...Kaito... I love you.]

[?!]

Those words had been said many times before, but I feel like this time was
different... Her voice, her thoughts, they powerfully shook the depths of my
heart.

[...Even more than when we first met... much more... I love you... much more...]

[...Isis-san.]

[...More than anyone else... and more than anything else... in the world... I
love you... Kaito.]

[.........]

Those words that she said greatly shook my heart. If she have already said that
much, no matter how stupid I am, I will be aware of it.. I see, I... I’m
starting to fall in love with Isis-san.

Gentle and strong, and yet, somehow fragile and lovely.

It’s impossible... for me to not be happy.

But at the same time, it makes me very sad.

If it’s about Isis-san... I don’t need to be asked if I like her or not, for I
like her. But even so, the one that exists the most in my heart is Kuro. That’s
why I have to tell her that...If I remain ambiguous, it would be rude to
Isis-san.

[...Isis-san. I...]

[...I know.]

[Eh?]

[...That you like... Kuromueina the most... am I right?]

[...How...]

[...I know... if it’s about... my beloved Kaito... I know it.]

[.......]

Seeing Isis-san’s face smiling as she said that, I felt a throbbing pain in the
depths of my heart.

[...I... love Kaito... who also loves Kuromueina... that’s why...]

It’s painful... It’s impossibly painful.

However, it’s something I had to say at some point... as long as it’s not
convenient to say that I like both Kuro and Isis-san. It’s something I’ll have
to go through at some point...

[...That’s why... I... no matter “what number I am”... I would be fine with it.]

[...Ehh?]

A-Arehh? Wait a minute, the words she’s saying are totally different from what
I’m expecting though?! Could you wait a minute there?! Even if it’s just 10
seconds, please let me think here!!! In response to Isis-san’s confession, I
tried telling her how I felt but... She seemed to have seen through it and
affirmed my feelings. And then, afterwards, she declares that she’s fine no
matter what number she is... It’s as if she’s making no sense.

[...N-No, but, errr... that would be unfaithful...]

[...Eh? ...Why?]

[....Yeah?]

A-Arehh? That’s really strange. For some reason, Isis-san’s reaction isn’t like
she can’t give up on her feelings or anything like that... It’s like she’s
really wondering why. W-What the heck’s going on? Could it be.... we’re talking
about different premises here?

[Errr, Isis-san. Can I ask you one question?]

[...Unnn.]

[A man would normally only marry one woman, right?]

[...Why?]

[Why, you ask... Isn’t that normal?]

[...Eh? ...There are some differences... between men... but a man would
usually... marry around “4 or 5 women” though?]

[...Huh?]

[...There are some people... who marry only one person... but they’re very...
rare.]

[Eeeehhhh?!]

Eh? Men usually marry four or five women here? The heck is that, is that the
so-called polygamy?

[E-Errr, isn’t that something only nobles do?]

[...Social status doesn’t matter... Everyone’s like that... There are even some
who married... as many as... 20 people.]

[...Seriously?]

[...Unnn.]

I-I see... That’s why she looked so strange, and that’s why she just affirmed it
when she knew I like Kuro.

After a few moments of silence at the surprising words Isis-san said, I slowly
opened my mouth to confirm what she said.

[...In other words, this world practices “polygamy” huh.]

[...Poligami? ...you say... what’s that?]

[Ahh, errr...]

I see, the word “polygamy” itself doesn’t exist in this world huh...

When I understood that from Isis-san’s reaction when she tilted her head, I
first explained to her about polygamy.

[In other words, it’s one man having multiple wives.]

[...Then.... this part... of our world... is different... from Kaito’s world?]

After nodding her head as if she somewhat understood my explanation, she tilted
her head again. Anyway, I know it’s already late to say this... but your face is
too close, you know?! She still has my body held in her arms, so my body’s
beating faster because our faces are so close with each other. However,
Isis-san’s gaze looks like the embodiment of seriousness, soo I didn’t feel it’s
good to divert the topic for a strange reason. So, I decided to let reason do
its job again and continue our conversation.

[Yes. In my world... There may be some exceptions to this that I just don’t know
about, but it’s basically one husband and one wife.]

[...Is that so? ...Why?]

[Eh? Ah, no, even if you ask me why...]

If you ask us why we’re monogamous, I can only say that it should be common
sense... though I can’t really say that huh. However, that may also be true on
Isis-san’s side... It’s like, just as the world is different, so does the common
sense. Anyway, it seems that polygamy is the norm in this world, and there’s
nothing strange about a man having a relationship with multiple women. Why is it
like that? At the same time that such a question came to my mind, the words I
heard before came to my mind.

—Megiddo, I heard that in the “other world”, the numbers of the boys and the
girls are almost the same, you know?

That’s right. Kuro has indeed said that. At that time, I didn’t really know the
situation, so I didn’t mind it, but then, I thought about it again... The way
she phrased it, it was as if she was saying that it was different in this world.
So that means...

[Isis-san, Can I ask you one question?]

[...Unnn.]

[Could it be that in this world...”there are more women than men”?]

Yes, if I think about it like that, lots of things would make sense. Most of the
people I met when I came to this world were women, and it seemed quite normal
for them to have a woman as the head of the family or even as the emperor. And
when I think back on it, I think the people I saw on the street... were more
often women.

[...Unnn... Compared to men... there are so much more... women.]

[A-As I thought...]

[...For example.... all the gods are women... not a single one them is a man.]

[Eh? Is that so?!]

[...Unnn... All the gods are women... however... they can’t have children.]

A shocking fact just slammed right into me, it seems that all the Gods are
women. The only ones I’ve met are Shiro-san, Chronois-san and Fate-san but...
all of them certainly are women. And as for not being able to have children, I
remember Fate-san saying something like that.

[...Among the Humans... there are both men and women... but there are more
women.]

[I see... Is that also the same case for the Demons?]

[...As for the Demons... it’s a bit.... complicated... There are some like
Megiddo... who don’t have the concept of gender... or Kuromueina... and
Shalltear... who can change their gender at will.]

[Come to think of it, I remember hearing something like that.]

I know, of course, that Kuro can change her gender at will, because she already
said that to me before but... This is the first time I’ve heard that Megiddo-san
doesn’t have a gender and that the Phantasmal King can change her gender at
will.

[...However... Megiddo’s case... is a little... unusual.]

[Unnn?]

[...Those who don’t have gender... were most often Demons that have
indeterminate form... That’s why... I think Megiddo’s case... A Demon Beast
having no gender... is unusual.]

[Heehhh...]

I used to think that Megiddo-san was a man, but it seems that the concept of
gender doesn’t exist for him... them.

[...By the way... Lillywood and I... are female... and Magnawell... is male.]

[I see... that makes lots of sense. Thank you.]

[...No... If you have things you want to know.... just ask.]

Based on what Isis-san said, there really are more women than men in this world.
Moreover, the ration of men to women may be really quite tilted.... and that’s
why polygamy has become a common practice in this world...

Now then, I may have heard that polygamy is practiced here in this world... that
doesn’t mean I would immediately go “Gotta catch them all!”... Well, in the
first place, there’s no way that the virgin me would go in a situation where I
would date lots of people...

Anyway, I may not be able to adjust to the ways of this world anytime soon...
but there’s some part of me that’s kind of relieved.

I like Kuro... but now, I’m beginning to be attracted to Isis-san as well. While
my indecisiveness makes me look quite shameful, I’m relieved that I didn’t have
to reject Isis-san’s feelings by making a choice between them. But well, in the
first place, if I were to confess my love to Kuro... I don’t know if she would
accept it...

However, I... What the heck am I supposed to do now? Isis-san just told me that
she didn’t care what number she was and that I also like someone else. I’m
really happy after receiving her feelings. However, I haven’t been able to
organize my mind enough to accept her feelings right here and now.

[...Isis-san.]

[...Unnn?]

[....Can I say something very selfish?]

[...Eh? ...Unnn.]

While staring at Isis-san with a serious expression on my face, I gradually
spoke out my thoughts, that I haven’t even sorted out my own thoughts yet.

[...As I said before, the world I grew up in was a world where I could only date
one partner. So, even if I heard that this world is monogamous, I can’t
immediately change my mind and go along with it.]

[...Unnn.]

Hearing my words, Isis-san looks a bit sad as she lowers her head. However, that
expression drastically changed when she heard the words I said next.

[So... can you please wait for me?]

[...Eh?]

[When I’m ready, these thoughts I have in my heart... I’ll tell Kuro about it.
After that, I’ll think it over.]

[....Think?]

[Yes. To thoroughly think about my own feelings... When I’m ready to accept
Isis-san’s feelings... At that time, I’ll be the one confessing to Isis-san!]

I don’t want to be troubled by my own indecisiveness, so these scales that are
moving in my heart... I will stop it. These emotions I have in my heart right
now, these feelings of love I have for Kuro... I will tell her. And after that,
these budding feelings that I have for Isis-san, I won’t run away and accept it.
And having that resolve... is equivalent to choosing “not to return to my world,
but to remain here instead”.

That’s why I can’t decide right now. I love this world... but my uncle, my
aunt... the people who raised me live in my original world. Cutting them off...
isn’t something I can do.

[It may take some time. However, ummm... Could you please wait for me?]

I think I’m being really selfish when I say this. Isis-san is thinking about me
strongly, but I’m asking her to let me withhold my answer. Isis-san became
silent for a while after she heard my words, but then, she smiled with large
drop of tears streaming down her eyes.

[...Unnn... I will wait... no matter... how long it takes... my feelings.... for
Kaito... will not fade... I really, really... love you... Even after Kaito gives
me your answer... I will love Kaito... more and more...]

[...Isis-san.]

[...I love... Kaito so... take as long as you like... no matter how long... you
need to think... It’s fine with me.]

[...Thank you.]

Overcome with emotion at the sight of her too straightforward and pure emotions,
I tightly hugged Isis-san. I’m a really lucky fellow... I’m so fortunate to have
the love of such a wonderful person in my life, making me feel like I’ve used
all the luck I had in my life just to meet her.

I didn’t think about it when I first came to this world, but when such an idea
popped in my mind... The thoughts of staying in this world began to emerge.
Those thoughts may be painful, but it’s also a happy one... I’ve met enough
people that I don’t want to leave and want to be together with, people that
makes me really feel—that I’m really filled with happiness.

It was the second day since I came to visit Isis-san’s castle.

Right now, in front of me was a huge room filled with books from the floor to
its ceiling.

[T-That’s an amazing amount.]

[...The next room... is just about the same... as this room.]

I knew that Isis-san loves books and she has a large number of them, but seeing
them in person was truly breathtaking. I was simply overwhelmed by the number of
books in her collection, that wouldn’t even make her collection second to none,
compared to any large libraries. And while I looked at them stunned, Isis-san
approached me with some books in her arms.

[...Kaito... These books... are for you.]

[Eh? Is it alright?]

[...Unnn... I also want Kaito... to read them.]

[T-Thank you very much.]

Or rather, Isis-san... Isn’t this around 50 books? You’re lifting it quite
easily, but I probably wouldn’t even be able to hold it if you hand it to me.
Receiving the books a few batches after another, I put them away in my magic box
and thanked Isis-san again.

[...Even so, there’s really an amazing amount of books here, isn’t it? Have you
read all these books, Isis-san?]

[...Unnn... I remember... all of them.]

[You even remember what you read?!]

She remembers the contents of the millions of books in here? T-That’s quite
outrageous huh... T-Thinking about it once again... Isis-san really is an
absurdly high-spec person.

[...I had always... been reading... books after all.]

[...When you’re alone huh?]

[...Unnn... so... after Kaito came... I’m really... happy.]

The amount of time it took her to remember all the contents of this ridiculous
amount of books... These piles of millions of books was the testament to the
amount of time that Isis-san had spent in solitude. Perhaps remembering those
times, she looked a little sad, so I spoke to her with a bright smile on my
face.

[That’s right, Isis-san! Can you tell me about the Demon Realm?]

[...Eh?]

[I actually bought a guidebook for the Demon Realm before I came here. However,
I don’t really understand what it means if I just read it alone... Can we read
it together?]

[...Kaito... Unnn!]

Hearing my words, Isis-san nodded with a very happy expression on her face. The
guidebook I bought from Alice... I actually haven’t looked at it yet. I
originally wanted to look through it while traveling with Lillywood-san, but I
haven’t seen it yet because I didn’t have time for that due to my encounter with
Magnawell-san. Since we have the chance, if I read this with Isis-san, who knows
a lot about the Demon Realm, she’ll be able to teach me lots of things and that
will be a great help for me... is what I thought when I suggested that but...

[...This book... is very detailed... It must have been written.... by someone...
who knows a lot about the Demon Realm huh.]

[T-T-That’s right.]

When Isis-san spoke just now, I could feel her breath faintly touching my
cheeks, making my spine unconsciously straighten up... And after that, I could
feel some things soft behind my back. The book is open, Isis-san is leaning
behind my back, looking into the book from over my shoulder. The closeness of
our bodies makes me flustered. Why the heck didn’t I expect something like this
would happen?! Haven’t I learned anything from the events that happened
yesterday?!

C-Calm down... For the time being, let’s go see the contents of this book. Let’s
just focus on that and...

Errr, yeah, where was I reading again? Errr, let’s see... There’s a good scone
shop near the forest where Lillywood-san lives, so you might want to bring some
back as Alice-chan’s souvenirs? There’s a shop that specializes in Wyvern meat,
and since it can be bought as takeouts... she want to eat it?

...Isn’t this just a guidebook of what Alice wants to eat?! What the heck is
with this person and her face as thick as wall, that bastard’s demanding for
souvenirs in the guidebook you wrote?!

[...It’s an interesting... book.]

[...I’m sorry. It was written by an idiot.]

[...However... this book... really is... amazing.]

[Is that so?]

[...Unnn... I’ve never seen before... a book as detailed as this.]

Apparently, the guidebook to the Demon Realm written by Alice is quite detailed,
even from the perspective of Isis-san, who has read a large number of books. I
wonder if Alice has been to the Demon Realm? Come to think of it, I think she
was also quite familiar with the high-ranking Demons. Could it be that although
she said she was a Human, she was actually a Demon?

Hmmm. Thinking about her, Alice is a pretty mysterious person... She’s
ridiculously high-spec and even though she’s astonishingly stupid... She
sometimes looks sharp and knows about strange information. I’ll just have to ask
her about it next time I visit with a souvenir...

[...Kaito?]

[Ahh, I’m sorry. Errr... We’re now around here, right?]

[...Unnn... If you go a little bit towards the east... you would be in the
swampy area.]

[A swampy area huh...]

[...In that place... is a rare herb called... Rainleaf... I’ve gone there
before... to pick some.]

As she lives in this area, Isis-san pointed at the book, explaining in detail.

[You have gone to harvest there before? Is that herb used for anything?]

[...No... It’s just a herb... with an unusual pattern.]

When I heard Isis-san say that she once went to pick up Rainleafs, I wondered if
that herb was so great that Isis-san, one of the Six Kings, would even come to
harvest it but... it seems that isn’t the case. Seeing me tilting my head,
Isis-san had a slightly embarrassed expression on her face.

[Is that for that hobby you mentioned before?]

[...Unnn.]

Isis-san has a hobby of collecting items that appear in the books that she
liked, and that Rainleaf is apparently for that hobby of hers.

[I’ve thought of this before, it’s a wonderful hobby.]

[...Y-You think so?]

[Yes. If Isis-san is fine with it... Would you take me with you the next time
you go?]

[...Unnn! ...Let’s go... together.]

Isis-san has even given me these books, so I think it would be good to go out
with her after I finished reading them. I’m sure it would be fun if I went there
with Isis-san, and I’d like to see more of the different views of this world.
While thinking about this, I continued to look at the Demon Realm guidebook and
was being taught by Isis-san... But suddenly, Isis-san reached out her hands in
front of me and softly embraced me.

[Ehh? I-Isis-san?!]

[...Kaito... really is... kind.]

[E-Errr...]

The soft stuff pressing against my back, and her warm breath tickling my
cheek...

[...Just for a moment... Can I stay... like this?]

[...Yes.]

It was quite a mysterious feeling. My heart should have been beating really fast
and I’m feeling restless just a few minutes ago, but now, I’m feeling very calm.
No, my heart is still beating really fast but... exceeding that, the warmth of
Isis-san’s body was comforting and gave me a peace of mind. I was quite nervous
on the first day, but now that I’ve given my mind a break, I feel a little more
relaxed. At the very least, the time I spent with Isis-san—I enjoyed it from the
bottom of my heart.
