---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 2: The Clown Dancing to Betrayal

It’s the third day since I came to visit Isis-san’s castle... Time sure flies,
as I’ll be already leaving in a few hours. I think the reason I feel sad about
that is because I really enjoyed spending time with Isis-san. We read lots of
books together and shared our thoughts. We went to the jewel mines together and
acquired many jewels, including the one for Lilia-san. On the second day,
Isis-san came over while I was bathing again... in the end, we bathed together
again, making my reasoning on the verge of collapsing once again.

Truly, in these two days... I’m together with Isis-san the whole time. It’s not
like I don’t like it though, and in fact, those times were really calming and
filled me with happiness. Currently, Isis-san and I are standing side by side in
the highest room of the castle, looking at the scenery, as if we’re making use
of the time we have left together until Lillywood-san comes to pick me up.
Without rejecting Isis-san, who’s holding my hand and gently leaning her body
close to me, I gently squeeze her hand back.

[...Kaito.]

[I will come visit again. As often as I can... This place has been remembered by
my Teleportation Magic after all.]

[...Unnn.]

With Isis-san’s permission, I’ve memorized the entrance of the castle as a
Teleportation point with my magic tool. From now on, I won’t need to ask
Lillywood-san to guide me, and I can just come and visit easily. Isis-san was
really happy about that, repeatedly nodding with a cute smile on her face.

[...Will you read... together with me... again?]

[Of course.]

[...Will you eat... together with me... again?]

[Isn’t that obvious?]

[...Will you take a bath... together with me... again?]

[Uuuhhh... O-Of course.]

Only at her final question, I couldn’t give an immediate answer. Well, I’m
obviously still a healthy young man... I would be rejoicing if a beautiful girl
is taking a bath together with me but... In Isis-san’s case though, she is truly
pure and defenseless, and I can’t think of any wicked thoughts for her. That’s
why I feel like my mind and reason is being slowly chipped off, making me feel
burned out.

[...]

[...]

Even the silence that comes within our time is comfortable, while the warmth of
Isis-san’s body gently soothes my heart. Even as I feel like passing through
time like this forever, time still flows and the time for me to return is
getting closer and closer. Right around that time, Isis-san and I sensed that
Lillywood-san appeared at the entrance of the castle, and just as we started
walking towards her filled with reluctance to part ways... Isis-san pulled my
hand.

[...Kaito.]

[Eh?]

[...Hnnn.]

[Wha?!]

Isis-san’s body gently stepped forward and immediately afterwards, a soft,
slightly damp feeling touched my cheek. When I finally understood that it was
Isis-san’s lips, I felt my face heating up that it almost felt like I’m boiling.

[...I’ve grown to love Kaito... much... much more than... before Kaito came.]

[...I... sis-san.]

[...I’ll always... be waiting... Kaito... I love you.]

Isis-san’s smile as she told me that was many times more beautiful than the
fleeting snows falling around us, drawing my eyes away from other things.
Meeting eyes with each other as Isis-san smiles, within the sweet and warm
atmosphere... A confused voice rang out.

“...Ummm... Errr, should I come back later?”

[Uwaaahhh?! Li-Lillywood-san?!]

When I turned around, there was Lillywood-san who looked very awkward, and I
hurriedly explained myself.

[Thank you for sending me off.]

“...No, I’m the one who should be thanking you. This is the first time I’ve seen
Isis looking so happy. It’s all thanks to Kaito-san.”

While we bought some souvenirs and other items along the way, Lillywood-san
dropped me off at the gate, and we exchanged our thanks. My first visit to the
Demon Realm was full of surprises and happiness, but more importantly, I really
enjoyed the time I spent with Isis-san and wanted to come back to visit.

Smiling at Lillywood-san who repeatedly thanked me, I slowly approached the gate
and returned to the Human Realm.

In an instant, the landscape around me changed... but in that instant, I
immediately noticed something out of place. There were supposed to be so many
people here when I came here before, but now, there wasn’t a single person
around the big gate. Not even seeing the person who guides others through the
gate, this space was filled with silence, as if it had been cut off from the
rest of the world.

This isn’t possible. This gate is located inside Symphonia’s royal capital, you
know? And yet, even though it was past noon, there wasn’t a soul in sight, and
not even the slightest noise can be heard...

As I braced myself before that uncanny scene, the sound of dry applause
resounded.

[...How terrific. Miyama Kaito.]

[...Phantasmal King.]

With her high-pitched voice, the scene in front of me distorted, and the
Phantasmal King appears, dressed in a robe riddled with chains.

[I never thought that Magnawell would like you so easily... Good gracious, I can
no longer find any more words to praise you.]

[...]

[Don’t stare at me that hard, you’re making my heart skip a beat.]

[...What do you really want...]

She’s still the same uncanny fellow as always, even knowing my encounter with
Magnawell-san in the Demon Realm like it’s obvious. Seriously, she’s the only
person I don’t know the reason why she’s approaching me for. Last time we met,
she’s saying that she wanted to ascertain something but... Does that mean that
it was also a part of the trial that this fellow is talking about?

[...Miyama Kaito... Do you think there’s power dwelling within a person’ heart?]

[What?]

[With the heart... within that fragile body of yours, I want to find out if you
can be the unique one who can stand in the same field as the Six Kings.]

[...]

While announcing this, the Phantasmal King slowly moves her feet and heads
towards the huge gate. Then, after she moved right before the gate, she began
walking up the pillar as if to say gravity doesn’t exist.

[Ah, yes, that’s what I’m here for, wasn’t it? What, it’s not that big of a
deal... All I want for you to do is “take down Kuromueina”.]

[Wha?!]

As she vertically walked along the pillar, sounding somewhat amused, the Phantom
King declared with her uncanny voice. She wants me to take down Kuro...

[No, my bad, I suppose that’s a bad way to say it. It’s not like I want you to
hurt Kuromueina or anything like that.]

[...]

[Let’s see... The most appropriate way to say it should be... Yeah, let’s go
with that. “I want you to save Kuromueina.”]

[Save... Kuro?]

I seriously don’t know what this person’s talking about. She’s telling me to
save Kuro, but what exactly does she mean by that?

[...I can understand your doubt. But I’m sorry, I can’t tell you everything
right now... However, this is the only thing I can say to you. I believe that
you are the only person in this world right now who has a chance of dispelling
Kuromueina’s darkness.]

[...Dispelling Kuro’s darkness?]

[However, there’s still some hesitations within me. I can certainly say that
you’re a talent more outstanding than I ever imagined... However, it’s still not
enough to match against Kuromueina.]

[...]

It doesn’t feel like the Phantasmal King is speaking ill of me... My Sympathy
Magic can’t read her emotions well, but I understood that she’s speaking her
true feelings. The Phantasmal King then stops around the middle of the gate, she
slowly turns toward me before she continues speaking.

[...That’s why, show me that the wings you’ve gained aren’t vanity-painted
falsehoods, but the real ones that won’t burn when you get close to the sun...]

[So... You still want me to go through more trials, is what you’re saying?]

[Yes, that is so. However, you have already gone through three trials. You only
have to pass “two more”... I have high hopes for you. Overcome all my trials and
stand before me...]

[...After I overcome all these trials... I’m going to hit you in the head once.]

In her high-pitched voice, the Phantasmal King announced that there are still
two more trials.

The first trial is that attack, the second is Megiddo-san’s invasion, and the
third one is the encounter with Magnawell-san... If this is the case, the
Phantasmal King will probably appear once in front of me when I finish a trial.
Considering what has happened so far, I’ve decided that those trials are
something I can hardly escape from, so I just said those few words while glaring
at the Phantasmal King.

[I don’t mind. No, rather, I’ll gladly accept it, you can hit me as much as you
want.]

[...Are you being serious?]

[Of course. If you have overcome all my five trials... As your reward, “I will
pledge my allegiance to you.”]

[...Huh?]

[If you ask me to be beaten by you, then I will be beaten. Ask me to show you my
face, and that, I will do, and if you ask me to hold you in my embrace, I will
gladly give myself to you... I promise to be yours.]

[...E-Errr... what the heck are you...]

Did this guy just start saying incomprehensible things?! Eh? If I survive all of
her trials, the Phantasmal King will be mine? The heck is that, that’s scary.

Receiving my astonished gaze, the Phantasmal King disappears and immediately
appears in front of me. She should have been close by, but her face hidden
beneath her hood seems to be covered with a black haze, so I can’t see her face
at all.

[?!]

[But for now, I will give you your reward for overcoming your third trial.]

[...This is?]

The bundle of paper held out to me that the Phantasmal King claimed to be my
reward, what was written on them makes no sense to me, but I know that it’s
information about something. Seeing me tilting my head, the Phantasmal King said
something unbelievable.

[...It’s the information about the person who plotted against the Second
Division that Lilia Albert once led four years ago.]

[What?!]

[Of course, that alone can’t be used as proof of anything. However, if you show
it to someone familiar with the underworld... You might be able to find the
culprit’s tail.]

[...]

Seriously, how much does this guy know? For her to even know about the identity
of Lilia-san’s target of revenge that she has been looking for... It seems that
the story about all information being gathered by the Phantasmal King isn’t a
lie. After confirming that I received the bundle of papers, the Phantasmal King
quietly turns around.

[...Well then, Miyama Kaito. After you pass your fourth trial, let’s meet
again.]

[...]

With that, the Phantasmal King disappeared, and the area around the gate
returned to normal, as if nothing had happened. Feeling as if things had
suddenly dropped before me, I continued to stare in the direction where the
Phantasmal King disappeared for a while. As usual, I didn’t know what she’s
thinking, and her true intentions were ultimately unknown to me. Seriously, of
all the people I met—She’s a being filled with the most mysteries.

As soon as I walked out of the place where the gate was erected, I used my
Teleportation Magic Tool. Up to this point, I came back with Lillywood-san’s
continuation of her guide to the Demon Realm, but since there’s nothing
particularly new for me to see on the road to the gate of the Human Realm, I
decided that I would just teleport. In an instant, the landscape around me was
distorted, and I could already see Lilia-san’s mansion in front of me.

Hmmm, it’s quite convenient but... I still feel a little sick after using it. I
had no problems when I used that gate connecting the Human Realm and the Demon
Realm but... Does the magic power used have some relation to that? Anyway, I
returned to Lilia-san’s mansion safely. When I moved to that room to tell
Lilia-san that I was back, Lilia-san and Lunamaria-san were inside and greeted
me with a gentle smile.

[Welcome back, Kaito-san. How was the Demon Realm?]

[I have returned. Yes, it’s such a beautiful, vast place, and I enjoyed just
looking at the scenery.]

[Is that so, that’s good to hear... By the way, there’s something I’d like to
ask you...]

[Yeah?]

Lilia-san nodded with a gentle smile on her face, but for some reason, her
expression changed to a serious one. As I tilted my head in this situation,
Lilia-san slowly folded her hands in front of her face before she spoke.

[I-I know that it might be impossible but... You’re not going to tell me that
you actually met with Dragon King-sama, right?]

[...I’m sorry. We met.]

[...]

[Milady?!]

When I honestly answered the question Lilia-san asked me with a pale expression
on her face... Lilia-san slammed her face on her desk.

[...Why... is this person... always meeting one of the Six Kings everytime you
go out...]

[Milady, please keep yourself composed, they may have just met and no real
connections have been made yet!]

[T-Thank you, Luna... Kaito-san, ummm, errr... Please don’t tell me that you
actually got along with him or anything like that, right...]

[...]

[Kaito-san, why are you looking away?]

Her hands trembling with a pale expression on her face, Lilia-san... looks
really scary. However, it isn’t like I can just not tell her... If I were to
tell her about this later, she will definitely strangle me again...

Thinking about that, without a second thought, I took out the scale
Magnawell-san gave me from inside my Magic Box.

[...He gave me his scale.]

[...]

All expressions disappeared from Lilia-san’s face. The air was so frightening
that I couldn’t help but straighten up... but just like a puppet who lost its
strings, Lilia-san’s body collapsed.

[...Kyyuuuu\~\~]

[Milady?!]

The scale of over 5 meter long that I took out seemed to have exceeded
Lilia-san’s tolerance limit in an instant, and as her eyes upturned, she fell
down on her desk. Yep, it feels like another preaching is confirmed to arrive
later... However, I don’t think this whole situation was caused by me, and I
think it was the Phantasmal King’s fault though...

After a while, Lilia-san’s consciousness returned. She scurried to the corner of
the room though, and held her knees on her embrace.

[...Seriously... Kaito-san, you’re strange... you’re abnormal... Why is it
that... this only happened while I’m the one looking after the otherworlders...]

[Milady... you poor thing...]

[Why are you laughing there?!]

Lunamaria-san was still the same, smiling at the depressed Lilia-san, and was
instantly scolded. However, what should I do... It might be bad for Lilia-san’s
heart and I’m really apologetic for her but...

[U-Ummm, Lilia-san?]

[Yes?]

[...Errr, I’ve got something for you from Isis-san...]

[...]

Hearing the words I timidly said, Lilia-san looked like she was about to start
crying... No, there are already tears in her eyes. Even though I’m feeling
uncomfortable since it feels like I’m bullying her, I place the jewelry that
Isis-san told me to give to Lilia-san on her desk.

[...W-W-W-What... i-is this...]

[These are the things Isis-san wanted me to give you, they’re Blue Diamonds and
Ice Crystals.]

[That’s a tremendous amount. Moreover, all of them have a wonderful depth of
color, Milady... Wouldn’t this be equivalent to a tremendous amount of money?]

[...No... more...]

Looking at the beautiful blue jewels piled up like a mountain, Lilia-san holds
her head in her hands and hides her face under her knees. Thereupon, after
trembling for a while, she vigorously looks up and...

[NO MOOOOORRREEEEEEE! KAITO-SAN, YOU IDIIIOOOOOTTTTT!!!]

...started crying.

[WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO DO WITH THIS AMOUNT OF JEWELRY?!]

[Gueehhhh?! Li-Lilia-san, p-please calm down...]

[WHY ARE YOU ALWAYS DOING THINGS THAT WOULD HURT MY STOMACH?! GEEZ, JUST OPEN UP
A HOLE IN MY STOMACH, WILL YOU?!]

[It huwts, Li-Lilia-san... I give up, so pwease rewease me...]

Grabbing my collar, she began to violently rock my body back and forth in the
air. However, Lilia-san looks like she really had enough, looking really pitiful
with tears streaming down her face, so I can’t strongly go against her. How
should I say this... I’m really sorry, Lilia-san.

[Milady, there’s something I’d like to ask before you make Miyama-sama faint...]

[WHAT IS IT, LUNA?! I’M BUSY RIGHT NOW...]

[No, it’s just that there’s something bothering me for a long time... Milady,
you used to turn bright red right away when you touched a man who wasn’t part of
the family... but you’re fine with Miyama-sama?]

[...Ehh?]

Hearing the words Lunamaria-san told her so matter-of-factly, the strength in
Lilia-san’s grip on my collar weakens, and my body falls down to the ground.
Released from the agony of feeling like I’m about to lose my breath, I loudly
breathed out and turned my gaze towards Lilia-san... whose face had turned
bright red like a boiled octopus.

[...Eh? Was I just touching Kaito-san?]

[Now, or rather, you’ve already been close to him a few times already. Your
faces were so close that they were almost one breath away from each other.]

[Ehh? Awa—awawa—That is because, ummm, my head was filled with lots of things,
so I wasn’t aware of it—awawawawa.]

With a face so red that it looks like smoke is about to come out of her ears,
Lilia-san flusteredly muttered, her eyes circling around the room. I wonder why,
but it’s just, based on the experience I had until now... She will probably
faint sooner or later.

[I-I-I... to-to-touched Kaito-san... Kyuuu\~\~]

[Lilia-san?!]

As I thought, Lilia-san’s eyes upturned, and she collapsed on the ground.
Hurriedly running over to her, I checked whether she’s injured or not for the
time being before I turned to Lunamaria-san.

[...Lunamaria-san. What’s going on here?]

[Probably because she’s raised in an all-female environment... She’s not immune
to men at all, so just shaking their hands is enough to make her turn bright
red. However, I was wondering why she didn’t seem to be turning bright red even
as she touched Miyama-sama all these times... I see, she was simply too
preoccupied with other things to be aware of it until now huh...]

[...You mean, just like what happened earlier?]

[Perhaps, my remark reminded her of all the times she has ever touched
Miyama-sama, and the embarrassment overwhelmed her... What a pity.]

[...You did it on purpose, didn’t you?]

[...No way...]

Now that she mentioned it, thinking back, Lilia-san indeed only touches me when
she’s basically confused... She would never touch me unless she was one step
away from passing out. I never really questioned it since she’s a woman of
marriageable age but... I see, it isn’t that she’s being reserved, but she was
completely vulnerable to men.

---

The 26th day of the Water month.

The day after I returned from the Demon Realm, I ended up heading to Alice’s
miscellaneous store with the souvenirs I had bought. I figured I’d be spending
some money again for them anyway, so I bought lots of wyvern meat instead of
scones. Part of me thinks that it was a bit naive of me, but as expected, I
somehow still couldn’t just push away her request. I couldn’t help but chuckle
as I pictured Alice’s eyes sparkling at the sight of my souvenirs and her tiny
body eating them with an unimaginable gusto. I’ve been visiting so often lately
that the street I’m walking down has become completely familiar to me but... the
road ahead was shrouded in a deep fog.

...No, wait. Isn’t it weird? It’s 10 o’clock right now, it’s not the kind of
time when the morning fog would appear, and to begin with, that fog is too
thick. Symphonia’s royal capital is prone to having fogs... isn’t something I
would say. I’ve been living here for two months, and I’ve never seen a fog like
this appear before. The strange scene gives me an eerie feeling and makes me
stop in my tracks. Even though it’s just before noon, silence dominates the
surroundings, fuelling the anxiety in my mind.

And then, just as I’m wary of my surroundings, something like a glowing ring
appears around my body... but immediately afterwards, it shatters with a sound
like broken glass.

[Arya? Not just Illusion Magic, even Restraint Magic doesn’t work either huh...
That’s amazing, Kaito-san.]

[...Alice?]

[Yes\~\~ It’s Alice-chan. Welcome back, Kaito-san. I missed you.]

With her familiar voice resounding from behind the fog, Alice appears from
behind the fog.

She wasn’t dressed in the work clothes I’m familiar with though, but was wearing
a black cloak to hide her body, which was somehow different from the atmosphere
she usually had.

[...Why are you here?]

[I just came out to see if I could meet Kaito-san, and what do you know, I was
spot on. Well\~\~ It feels like fate, doesn’t it?]

[...]

I wonder why... Alice’s tone is the same as usual, but it somehow sounds cold...
and feels terribly eerie.

[Now then, now then, before Kaito-san’s strong bodyguard arrives, let’s get the
conversation over with... Kaito-san, do you mind if I kidnap you for a while?]

[...Huh? W-What the heck are you...]

[Actually, I can’t make a living just by selling all sorts of goods, so I also
have a side job. How should I call this, I guess you could call it the store in
the back? Or something like that. And just the other day, I received a very
tasty commision... it was to kidnap you.]

[Wha?!]

Immediately after she said that, Alice appeared in front of me before I knew it,
holding a knife right beside my neck. The perfect distance between touching or
not touching my neck, and the dull sheen emitted by the knife, makes me feel a
suffocating nervousness.

[So, Kaito-san... for the sake of my spending money, please get kidnapped by me.
Let’s go elope in the name of love, that kind of stuff... eh, arya?]

[...?!]

[...You even had defensive magic that automatically activates against malicious
attacks?]

[Eh?]

When I look at my body in response to those words, before Alice’s knife... a
thin black film-like substance appeared around my body before I knew it. Come to
think of it, I think Lilia-san said that Kuro’s necklace had defensive magic
casted on it.

[Gah?!]

The magic that automatically defends against malicious attacks, I was a little
relieved the moment I learned it existed, but I felt a strong impact to the back
of my neck, and regardless of my intentions, my body lost its strength.

[Well, in that case, I won’t use magic, I just have to make my ill intent
disappear and make you faint\~\~]

[...A... lice.]

[Good night, Kaito-san. Don’t worry, I’ll gently carry you there.]

The voice I heard at that moment my consciousness was about to disappear was so
disproportionate to the situation... sounding so kind and gentle.

---

Easily carrying the unconscious Kaito under her arm, Alice jumps up from one
roof of a building to another.

[Now then, if the situation goes on like this and I just bring him there, then
it would complete the commission... However, I guess things won’t go well that
easily huh\~\~]

The moment Alice muttered that, a flash of light pierced through the thick fog.
After dodging that beam of light by moving her face slightly to the side, Alice
lets out a sigh. As if to affirm her words that it wouldn’t be easy... a strong
wind blows around her, blowing away the fog covering her vision. And when the
fog cleared, there were six shadows around the roof where Alice stood.

[...That was faster than I thought. I see, that magic tool also sends an
emergency signal huh...]

[Let go of master, you rude bastard!]

[Whoa there?! Scary...]

Standing a few meters away from Alice was Lilia, Lunamaria, Sieg, Anima, Eta and
Theta... The six people who rushed to the scene stared at Alice with their sharp
gazes after Sieg activated a magic tool that sent an emergency signal right
after she lost Kaito within the fog. However, even though she says she’s scared,
Alice doesn’t seem to be particularly shaken at all.

[Why are you... Aren’t you Kaito-san’s friend?]

[He’s my friend. I like Kaito-san, I really like him... but, liking him is one
thing, and my job is another.]

Seeing Alice, who didn’t lose her aloofness in response to the words she quietly
said, Lilia looked irritated.

[...You’re pretty carefree huh? Did you really think you can just get away with
this?]

[I wonder\~\~?]

Lunamaria gave her words of warning... As the six of them are currently
surrounding Alice and have the advantage of numbers. However, as long as Alice
has Kaito in her arm... A powerful attack will hurt Kaito, so they can’t
carelessly attack him. And ironically, Eta, who is good at pinpointing attacks,
but had her weapon damaged in her previous fight with Sieg, couldn’t fully show
her power with the spear she brought out of Lilia’s mansion, and was easily
evaded by Alice just now as well.

In the silence that seemed to prick the skin, within the six people facing
against one that seemed to stopped in that place... the one who broke the
silence was Alice.

[...20 white gold coins.]

[...Eh?]

[...18, 25, 43...]

[What the heck are you...]

Alice, who goes to say that to Lilia and the others while pointing at them one
after another, Lilia asked with a dubious expression on her face.

[Well\~\~ I actually have this habit of putting a price on people. This time, I
judged them only on your combat prowess alone, but you all are big deals\~\~ So,
it’s pretty rare for me to use white gold coins as the unit to judge a person.]

[...That doesn’t sound pleasant at all.]

Hearing Alice, who still speaks in her usual tone that sounds like she would eat
a person, Sieg gives her a cold stare, which is unimaginable given how she
normally acts. Despite being exposed to their sharp gazes, Alice continues to
speak without seeming to be shaken.

[...There are two requirements I have when I take a job. One is that I’m in a
good mood. The second is that I am offered a reward that exceeds the value I hve
placed on the target.]

[...And what do you mean by that?]

[Well\~\~. What I mean\~\~ is that it’s not worth it for me to fight with you
all based on the fee I receive for this commission.]

[Does that mean you surrender?]

[...No. It’s just a shame that everyone... mine and all of your interests don’t
coincide at all... is what I mean by those words!]

[ [ [ [ [ [ ?! ] ] ] ] ] ]

Immediately after saying that, Alice let go of the hand that was holding Kaito.
The place where Alice is standing is the roof of a two-story house, and if the
unconscious Kaito is dropped to the ground, he will not be left unscathed.
That’s why the six of them lost their focus on her at that moment. They turned
their gazes to the falling Kaito and removed Alice from their sight.

Immediately afterwards, Alice’s figure disappeared and the six of them were
flung away. However, the six of them are also capable beings, as they succeeded
in defending against Alice’s attack in an instant. Thereupon, Alice jumps down
faster than Kaito’s falling body, catching his body with a smile.

[Well\~\~ How terrific. For you to react even to that... However, I succeeded in
pulling my distance from you huh.]

[This is bad?! She plans to run away!!!]

Lunamaria, who was the first to notice Alice’s intentions, shouted, and the six
of them immediately regained their stances, running after Alice... But in the
next moment, Alice disappears again, and appears further away from the six of
them.

[...It’s impossible for any of you. You all who couldn’t follow my movements
earlier can’t catch up to me.]

[Wha?!]

[Didn’t I tell you? Our interests don’t coincide at all... I know all of you
will do everything in your power to defeat me and take back Kaito but... I
wouldn’t gain anything from fighting strong opponents like you all. So, I’m
going to run away.]

[Wai—What?!]

Indifferently saying that, Alice smiles in front Eta, who tried to chase after
her, but shortly afterwards, Alice’s figure distorted and 10 Alices appeared.

[Illusion Magic?!]

[ [ [ [ [ [ [ [ [ [ Well then, I’ll see you later\~\~ ] ] ] ] ] ] ] ] ] ]

The clones created by her Illusion Magic spoke at the same time and escaped at
high speed in different directions. However, Lilia-san and the others wouldn’t
just let Alice escape. As they are still experienced warriors, all of them only
exchanged glances before they immediately split up to pursue Alice. The fast
Lilia, Sieg, Lunamaria and Eta chased two of each, while the slightly slower
Anima and Theta chased one Alice each.

To rescue Kaito at all costs...

And after the six of them began tracking in their respective directions... An
alleyway a few distance away from them distorts and the “real” Alice appears.

[...They’re all too honest. Well, deception is my domain after all.]

Muttering to herself, Alice disappeared like smoke again.

[...Uncle here doesn’t really feel comfortable when youngsters go elope but... I
think eloping without the consent of the other party is wrong.]

[I agreeeeee. This is a situatioooooon that I will neveeeeeer overlook.]

[...Oi, oi, Client-san... This is just too different from what I heard. My pay
here isn’t enough for the commision.]

With the sound of quiet footsteps, two shadows appeared in front and behind
Alice.

Standing in front of her is one of the War King’s Five Generals... the Peaceful
Sky Ozma.

Behind her is a woman wearing a dress and bandages covering all over her body
other than her right eye, one of Phantasmal King’s Executives... the
Doomsday-Invoking Plague Pandemonium.

[Fighting two Count-ranks is incredibly troublesome.]

[...If that’s what you think, I’d be happy if you’d obediently hand over
Miyama-kun.]

[Hmmm. I would love to do that too... but there are also some circumstances over
here, you see? I can’t just give him back to you.]

[In that caaaaase\~\~ Would you like to fight against uuuuuuuus?]

Alice spoke in her usual aloof tone, sweat could be seen dripping down her
forehead, and they could tell that she doesn’t have much composure in this
situation.However, despair couldn’t be seen in her expression at all. In other
words, Alice still possesses a card that would get her out of this situation.
Recognizing this, Ozma and Pandemonium began to quietly circulate their magic
power so that they could immediately attack.

[No, no, I don’t have enough lives if you’re having me fight against a
Count-rank. To be honest, I guess this is one of those situations where I could
only say that there’s nothing else that I could do... That’s why, please help
me, “Phantasmal King-sama”.]

[ [ ?! ] ]

The moment Alice said this with a smile, the space blurred, as if static noise
filled the space, and the Phantasmal King wearing a robe with chains appeared.

[Ozma, and Pandemonium. I wouldn’t blame you for your actions... but it would
trouble me if you were to interfere with my plans.]

Ozma and Pandemonium are astonished by No Face’s sudden appearance. In the
meantime, Alice disappeared and left the scene, but Ozma and Pandemonium were
unable to follow her. If they were to try to follow her, No Face would get in
their way. As expected, it would be nearly impossible for them to get past their
Six Kings and chase down Alice and rescue Kaito.

[...So it’s you that had been pulling the strings behind the scenes? Phantasmal
King-sama.]

[Yeah, that’s right. It’s great that you understood quickly]

[What does this mean? You’re supposed to be working for the peace of the world.
Isn’t kidnapping Miyama-kun an act that would cause chaos in the world instead.]

[It’s because this is necessary. I don’t have any reason other than that.]

Ozma asked with increased vigilance, to which No Face replied in an indifferent
tone. As if to say that everything, even him asking this question were just as
she expected...

[I’d alsooooo like to ask you the same thing, Shalltear-samaaaaa. I’d heard that
you’re going to test Kaito-samaaaa, but I’ve never heard that you’re going to
kidnap hiiiiiim.]

[This is also part of my trials.]

[...A part of your trials—Don’t tell me?!]

[Good gracious, it’s great that you both are quick to understand. Yes, indeed...
This is his fourth trial, to see if the betrayal of his precious friend will not
break his heart.]

While praising them with dry applause, No Face continued to speak with her hands
outstretched in a theatrical, exaggerated motion.

[Yes, you’ve probably figured it out by now, didn’t you both? This is the
scenario I’ve prepared, and Alice is a character in this play I drew.]

[...So that’s how it is. Right from the start...]

[Yeah, it was indeed as you thought, Ozma. Right from the start, Alice
approached Miyama Kaito with this role in mind. It was decided that she was to
befriend him, and to betray him... She holds the role of the treacherous clown.]

[...That’s a bad taste you’ve got there.]

Alice, the character who was established for betrayal from the beginning. In
other words, No Face was already pulling the strings behind the scenes when
Kaito and Alice met.

[Well, I won’t deny it. Now, what will you do, Pandemonium?]

[...Let’s seeeeeee. I understaaaaaand that Kaito-san needed to grow up in
ordeeeeer to fulfill his wiiiiiish. Howeeeeeeeever, I don’t approve of the
current situatiooooon. I can’t allow you to use such a method that would hurt
Kaito-sama’s heart.]

[I see, I don’t mind. That is your opinion, you can do whatever you like with
it. You don’t have any important role to play in this matter. You’re free to
disagree as you want. I won’t say that it’s insubordination. All of you, my
executives, had the freedom to disagree with my views.]

[Thank you very muuuuuch. Well theeeen, please don’t mind me as I\~\~ will
rescue Kaito-samaaaaa.]

The words of Pandemonium, her subordinate, not shaking her even in the
slightest, No Face continued to speak without a care in the world.

[Well, I’ve already bought her enough time. It’s not like I need to hinder your
path any longer. As long as the prep work is done, the scenario is ready to go.
After that, if you want to help Miyama Kaito, go ahead and help him. This is
also something you’re free to do as you please.]

[You sure are composed, Phantasmal King-sama. Was everything right as you
expected?]

[As I had expected? Situations going as I had expected doesn’t matter much to
me. “As long as the end result was as I had planned, it wouldn’t matter if the
process leading to that isn’t under my expectations”. Well, in the first
place... Even this conversation of ours was “just as I had expected”.]

[...You really are a terrifying person.]

[I’ll take that as a compliment. Well then, if fate permits it, we’ll meet
again.]

[Ah, may I ask one last thing... Why is your tone different from usual?]

[Isn’t this befitting for a King like me?]

[...Haahhh. Well, I suppose.]

[Well then, farewell.]

After saying a few words back to Ozma, who had a rather astounded look on his
face, No Face disappeared. As if to show that she won’t hinder them any
longer...

After No Face disappeared, Ozma took out a cigarette and put it in his mouth,
before turning towards Pandemonium.

[So, what should we do now, Pandemonium-chan? With what happened, I think it
would be difficult to locate Miyama-kun.]

[I suppose sooooo. It’s nearly impooooooosible to outsmart Shalltear-samaaaaa...
Should we return to the mansion for a momeeeeeent?]

[Fumu, you mean you had a means to locate him in mind?]

[Yeeeees, and for that, I’ll need to ask Milady’s heeeeeelp.]

[...I see, so you plan to borrow the power of a Supreme God huh.]

[Howeeeeeever, I think that is alsooooo... under Shalltear-sama’s
expectatioooooons.]

After discussing this for a moment, Pandemonium reverted her appearance back to
Illness, and walked with Ozma towards Lilia’s mansion. Even when they were a
little frustrated by the situation, seemingly as if they were running in No
Face’s palms, they thought of worrying about Kaito’s safety first...

---

When I opened my eyes upon the faint light I felt, I found myself in a
completely unfamiliar place. The stone room looked like a prison, and there were
about 10 robed people in the room. I honestly think the situation isn’t good
but... it seems like my body is strapped to a chair and I can’t move.

[Oya? Kaito-san, you’re awake?]

[...Alice... This place is?]

[This is my client’s hideout.]

Alice, who appeared from behind a black-robed figure, spoke to me in her usual
tone, without any hints of anxiousness at all. Speaking of which, she did say
she would kidnap me... That means that the situation has turned for the worst
huh...

[Nice to meet you, Miyama Kaito-kun... I’d certainly like to get to know you
better.]

[...Then, you could have just at least shown your face...]

[I wish I could, but I’ve got my own issues to deal with... and I can’t afford
to show my face too much.]

One of the people in robes... a man by the sound of his voice, spoke to me, but
I’m not so carefree that I would be friends with someone in this situation.
However, the one at an overwhelming disadvantage in terms of the situation is
me... I can’t say anything strange and provoke them.

[Now then... Let’s get right to the point. I’m sure you’ve already guessed it,
but we will—]

[Ahh\~\~ Can I have a moment?]

[...What is it?]

The man who was about to announce his purpose by speaking like he’s some kind of
important person is interrupted by Alice. This person really can’t read the mood
at all...

[As soon as I bring Kaito-san here, my work is done, right? Then, could you
quickly give me my pay already?]

[...Yeah, you’re right. Here, the thirty white gold coins I promised you.]

[Yes, yes... let me see here... Yes, it certainly is as you said.]

Apparently, the reward that Alice gets for abducting me is 30 white gold coins.
That would be around 300 million yen... I’m not sure if it’s high or low, but
that seems to be my price for Alice’s eyes. I’m not sure if she saw through my
complicated feelings, but she turned to me and lightly waved her hand.

[Kaito-san, you’re barking up the wrong tree here. Don’t direct your grudge at
me. This is just my job. Besides, you and I are just friends... It’s not like
we’re family or lovers, that’s only the extent of our relationship.]

[...Yeah, you’re right...]

[Well then, I’ll be going home\~\~]

After saying those dry words, Alice turns her back to me and walks towards the
only door in the room.

...It feels really painful. However, it certainly won’t help if I complain to
Alice.

I scolded Alice for lots of things, and I even hit her... I thought she’s an
amiable friend... someone I can be comfortable with, someone I could trust, but
I guess all of that is just my impression. For Alice, I’m just a friend who
always nags at her...

[...Alice.]

[What is it?]

[...Don’t quickly waste all your money this time.]

However, just as I told Chris-san... I believe in Alice, and I don’t regret
becoming friends with her. Yes. This is just a little bad luck I happened
across. That’s why, even until the very end, I’ll send Alice off as her friend.

[...I’ll think about it.]

Saying that, Alice closed the door.

It would be a lie if I said I didn’t feel hurt. However, I can’t just keep on
thinking about this matter. Putting aside Alice, I need to think about the
situation right now.

[Now then, let’s return back to the topic... Ahh, it’s no use if you’re
expecting anyone to help you. This room is made of a special kind of ore that
keeps magic power from leaking out. Besides, this place is far away from the
city... There’s no one here to help you.]

[...]

I wonder what’s going to happen? Are they going to torture me?

Pain is kinda... something I don’t want.

Despair similar to resignation crawls into my mind, and my body begins to
slightly tremble.

Imagining what was about to happen, I almost involuntarily closed my eyes... but
the door of the room is destroyed with a loud crash.

[Wha?!]

The man and those in robes also looked astonished and turned towards the door,
and as I turned my gaze in that direction... From behind the dust cloud, a
person I never expected appeared.

[And that’s why... I’m here to help you! Kaito-san!]

[...Huh?]

Making a pose, along with what it sounds like background entrance music, Alice,
who was supposed to have walked out the door earlier, appeared again. For some
reason though, she was saying stuff like she’s here to save me or something...

[W-Wha... What do you think you’re doing?!]

[Well\~\~ You see, I got some extra money today\~\~, so I was thinking about
going out for dinner with Kaito-san, who is usually helping me. However, what is
this?! Kaito-san was abducted by bad people?! That’s why I came in a mad dash to
save Kaito-san!]

[...What?]

[Now, brace yourself, kidnappers! I’m going to make you regret kidnapping
Kaito-san!!!]

No, you’re the one who basically did the abducting here...

It was supposed to be a critical moment, and even though I don’t know what they
want... Even though I really don’t know what these people want... My thoughts
and the kidnappers’ thoughts are united in one thing—What the heck is this
person talking about?

The atmosphere within that stone room has become indescribably delicate. The
cause of that is undoubtedly Alice. She should have been the one who abducted
me, but for some reason, she’s now claiming to be here to save me.

[What do you think you’re doing?!]

After a robed person different from the man that was talking to me shouted,
Alice lightly shook her finger and spoke.

[Didn’t I say it already? I’m here to save Kaito-san. Now, get ready.]

[...I see.]

[Boss?]

The man who was talking to me earlier... the man who was called boss, nodded his
head alone while everyone still looked confused.

[So what you’re saying is that... your work is done when you abducted him and
brought him here, and you’re free to do what you want with him afterwards... And
if we want you to overlook it, we need to pay more money...]

[...]

After saying that in an annoyed tone, with a voice that seems calm but there’s
some hints of anger in it, the man takes out a bag of coins from his pocket and
holds it out to Alice.

[...Fine. It’s not profitable to argue with you here. Here’s a hundred white
gold coins. You won’t have any more complaints, right?]

[...Eh? I have lots of them.]

[Wha?!]

However, Alice didn’t receive the white gold coins, she disappeared and before I
knew it, she was already right in front of me. And with a swing of the knife in
her hand, the rope that was bounding me was cut and my body was released.

[...I have a habit of putting a price on people, and I will only accept a job if
they offer me a fee that exceeds the amount I put on the target... and
unfortunately, I couldn’t put a price on Kaito-san.]

[...What do you mean by that?]

After Alice quietly told him that with a voice that felt sharp, the man asked
her, looking really irritated. Alice continues to stand in front of me, staring
at the robed figures as she continues to speak.

[Well\~\~ I know it’s troubling, but this man is more important to me than
money, you know?]

[...Alice?]

[I mean... in the first place, isn’t it that? We’re talking about different
premises here.]

[Premises?]

Indifferently telling him while spinning the knife around with one hand, Alice
unleashes bloodthirst that is stronger than what could ever be imagined from her
small body. And after watching the man take a step back, Alice continues to
speak in an even colder voice.

[...Why I accepted your commission... It’s because it was a commission for
abduction, not for murder.]

[...]

[If it was a murder request because of personal vendetta, we could have easily
got this over with... I would just finish it with just “cutting off your head
right there and then”.]

[?!]

With a chilling voice, Alice declares if the commission she received for me was
for murder and not for kidnapping, she would have killed him...

[However, if it was abduction, I thought you would have accomplices with you...
Then, even if I kill you right there, you would just use other methods to get
Kaito-san. Why, isn’t this more efficient... That’s just why I accepted it.]

[...That means, from the start you are...]

[Yeah, I was planning to wipe out the people who were trying to do harm to
Kaito-san. What of it?]

[...Alice... W-Why?]

[Ahh\~\~ Errr, you’re going to ask that?]

It seems that Alice was planning to wipe out all the people who were trying to
kidnap me right from the start, and that’s why she accepted this request. While
I’m glad to hear those words, I don’t know why she’s doing this for me, who as
she said earlier, was just a friend... and that’s why I reflexively asked.
Thereupon, Alice sounded a little embarrassed befores he turned towards me while
scratching her head.

[...Kaito-san is an optimistic person. He easily trusted a suspicious person
like me, scolds me because he really cares about me, and helps me with all sorts
of stuff...He’s really quite a softhearted person.]

[...]

[I thought I was a bit dull of a person\~\~. Well, I guess you’ll never know
what’s going to happen in life.]

After speaking until that point, Alice looks at the robed figures again,
lowering her stance with the knife gripped on her hand.

[...before I knew it, I’m in love with him.]

[...Eh?]

[I know I was joking about it at first, but like I said, I seriously fell in
love with you, Kaito-san! I enjoy spending time with Kaito-san, getting scolded
by him for being stupid, and even if he’s astounded by my idiocy, he would still
look after me... Being with him is really fun. I’ve fallen in love with him to
the point where... I thought I could do everything for him, even if there’s
nothing in exchange.]

[...Alice.]

Shortly after declaring that, Alice’s figure disappeared... and the robed
figures collapsed with splatters of blood. With speed that can’t be seen by the
naked eyes, Alice tooks out more than a dozen people before she reappears again
with a sigh.

[Well... That’s why I won’t allow anyone to hurt Kaito-san. So... I guess you
guys just weren’t so lucky.]

Even after being released from my restraints, I continued to sit on the chair,
and seeing me like that, Alice flusteredly apologized to me.

[U-Ummm\~\~ Kaito-san. B-By any chance, are you still angry?]

[...Not really.]

[No, look, under those circumstances, it would be faster to deal with them by
letting them abduct Kaito-san once. I was going to save you right from the
start!]

[I somehow feel like there were other ways to do it though.]

[Ugghh...]

It’s not that I’m angry at her, and in fact, she was helping me there, and I
could also understand Alice’s intentions why she did that. Moreover, I was happy
when I heard what Alice said earlier. However, I don’t know how to clearly
explain this... I’m feeling complicated and it’s mainly because it feels like
I’m dancing on top of Alice’s palm.

[No, well, ummm\~\~ there was another way but... this was the quickest way.
That’s why... Kaito-san? Please don’t be mad at me.]

[...I’m not mad at you.]

[But aren’t you sulking?! Like I said, I’m sorry already\~\~]

Indeed, although it might be quite shameful of me... It seems that I’m sulking a
bit right now. Seeing me turning away, Alice looked troubled as she bowed her
head over and over again. No, well, it’s true that complaining to Alice won’t
help anything but... being in that situation isn’t funny.

[Muuu, I understand. I’ll make a proper apology.]

[...An apology?]

[...Please don’t turn over here.]

[Unnn?]

As I tilted my head at the words Alice said, I heard something click. Could it
be the sound of her opera mask being removed? Just as that question popped into
my head, I felt something soft touch my cheek.

[Nhnn.]

[Wha?!]

Something faintly damp touched my cheek... Realizing that they were Alice’s
lips, I look back at her in surprise. Thereupon, Alice, with a face as red as an
apple, was hurriedly putting her opera mask back on.

[...S-So, please forgive me already... Ummm, that’s my f-first kiss after
all...]

[...Eh? Y-Yeah...]

Nodding reflexively at the words Alice told me, I was unable to get rid of the
surprise from the kiss on my check. Even though I felt somewhat unsatisfied with
all that happened, all of that disappeared right at that instant. How should I
say this... it seems that even until the end—It may just be under Alice’s
expectations.

![Insert 3](../../_Images/v05/Insert3.png#.insert)

---

In the large garden in the mansion, Lilia turned her relying gaze at the person
in front of her and spoke.

[...Please. Chronois-sama, please rescue Kaito-san...]

[Yeah, I understand.]

Receiving Lilia’s words of pleading with her hands clasped together as if she’s
praying to her, Chronois quietly nodded and moved her gaze to the two Gods on
both of her sides. A purple-haired girl lying on a cushion floating in the air,
and a woman with long green hair bundled up and let loose in front of her,
giving a calm impression.

[...Lend me your strength, God of Fate, God of Life.]

[Haahh... I don’t really like working... But I guess I should just think of this
as an preemptive investment to when Kai-chan would eventually support me\~\~]

[It’s enough that you’re willing to bow to us for that person... I’m awake now.]

The three Supreme Gods reigning in the place closest to the top of the God
Realm. After receiving Lilia’s wish, Chronois immediately gathered these two, to
rescue Kaito as soon as possible... Right now, the Supreme Gods of the God Realm
were about to wield their mighty power to help one man...

The Supreme Gods who rarely visit the Human Realm aside from the Festival of
Heroes, and the fact that all three of them are together in this place certainly
shows the abnormality of the situation. While an enormous amount of magic power
splits the clouds in the sky and makes the earth tremble... the God of Life,
Life quietly touches the ground.

[...Multitude of Lives. Become my eyes, become my ears...]

Each of the Supreme Gods of the God Realm has been given one ability that
transcends the others by the God of Creation, Shallow Vernal. Life’s ability to
govern all those who hold life, makes her have the wisdom to see through the
world. Humans, animals, insects, plants, and the earth... Life can gather
information from every living thing in the world.

Life searches through the avalanche of information to find the whereabouts of
the abducted Kaito. If a single bird or insect has seen Kaito, it’s possible for
them to track his whereabouts... However, searching for information about Kaito
within that extraordinary amount of information takes a while.

However, there’s a God that has the power to compensate for that.

The God of Fate, Fate... The ability given to her is the power to determine
one’s fate. She is able to determine the absolute fate within the sea of
possibilities of the future.

[...If it’s God of Life, “she can find Kai-chan as soon as possible”.]

[...?! I’ve found him. God of Time and Space... I will transfer to you the
information.]

[Umu.]

With Fate confirming his fate, Life discovered the whereabouts of Kaito in an
instant and transmitted the information to Chronois.

[...Chronois-sama...]

[Don’t worry, Lilia... Aside from Shallow Vernal-sama, there’s no one in this
world... who’s faster than I am!]

With those words, Chronois’s figure disappears.

What is given to Chronois, the God of Time and Space, is a mighty power...
Having the ability to govern time, Chronois can manipulate time at will and has
the speed that sets her apart from the rest. Chronois’s figure disappeared, just
as Lilia and the others could recognize that she disappeared... She already
reached where Kaito is now.
