---
toc: true
---

# Serious-senpai's Room: Act 5

In the waiting room exclusively to those unneeded in the main story... Or
rather, in the room exclusively for the embodiment of the concept of
seriousness, Serious-senpai reads the 5th Volume of “I was Caught up in a Hero
Summoning,, but That World is at Peace”, just like usual.

However, the expression on her face gave the impression that she wasn’t fully
concentrating on the contents, as she was glancing at the stuffed cat... ? ? ?
sitting across the table from her.

[...Doya.]

[Shaddup! I can’t see your face because of that damned costume, but I can
clearly tell you’re smug as hell! Just because you’re the main focus in Volume
5, you’re getting carried away!!!]

[Oh my? I wonder what you’re talking about? I’m just a mysterious being/one of
Alice-chan’s fans who hasn’t appeared in the story. Well~~ I’m just happy that
my star Alice-chan is doing so well.]

[.............]

Hearing ? ? ? feigning ignorance, Serious-senpai had a sour look on her face.
With her excitement on the rise, ? ? ? is even more annoying than usual, making
it harder for Serious-senpai to deal with her.

[Alice-chan is one of the most popular characters after all. There are many fans
who have been waiting for this moment, especially when she appears on the front
cover. Moreover, unlike the previous 4 volumes, the front cover is just made up
of her and Kaito-san! Well~~ With the situation like this, couldn’t the author
just name Alice-chan the main heroine instead?]

[...I heard that Alice lost by a wide margin to Isis in a popularity poll for
the web novel though.]

[...Please don’t mention that, us fans were still bothered about it. I’ll say
this now, but I... Alice-chan got her second place with a wide margin over the
third place. It was just that Isis-san was too strong of an opponent.]

[Well I’m in first place though!]

[Ah, yes, in the Afterword section where you didn’t have any opponent?]

[Shaddup!]

The two of them were talking about the popularity poll that had been held on the
Web Novel in the past, but then, ? ? ? suddenly looked around them, and
confirming that no one was around, she spoke.

[Well, let’s not talk about this anymore. If we keep talking about this, the 3rd
place Main Heroine (lol) is going to hit us...]

[...That’s death you’re walking into.]

[No, no, I’m indebted to her, and I personally like her, so what I’m saying here
can’t really be said as me speaking ill of her. In fact, I’m rooting for her to
become more popular. But well, reality is just cruel... Alice-chan just so
happens to be more popular than her~~]

[...Ahh.]

[...Eh?]

? ? ? said while letting out a sigh, but soon after, she noticed something as
she saw Serious-senpai’s face turning pale. Feeling chills running down her
spine, she slowly looked behind her.

[...That’s quite an interesting conversation you have there. I hope you don’t
mind if I join.]

[.........]

It was unknown if she had been hiding until now or not, but a girl wearing a
name plate “Under King” written on it on her chest, gave an angelic smile
towards ? ? ?. Thereupon, ? ? ? began shaking, visible even through her costume.

[N-N-N-Now this is q-q-quite the surprise... If it isn’t the Main Heroine (lol)!
Well~~, no matter how I look at you, your aura sure is different!]

[...Unnn, 3rd place what is it again?]

[Ah, no, that’s not it! I was just talking about how the readers of this series
should just pluck their eyes out if their votes made it so that the main heroine
is in 3rd place! Right?! Serious-senpai!]

Exposed to the overwhelming sense of intimidation, ? ? ? asked Serious-senpai to
go along with her words... but Serious-senpai quickly got up from her seat and
swiftly retreated from the scene.

[I’ll prepare you some choccy milk.]

[Oiiiii?! The heck is with that mach-like escape of yours!!! Stop! Don’t leave
me here!]

Behind the shouting ? ? ?, a shura silently manifested itself.

[Please wait. Calm down, let’s talk this out. I-I-If you keep looking like that,
even when you’re the most beautiful girl in the series, you’ll spoil that beauty
of yours... Errr, ummm... I’m sor—]

[Hmph!!!]

[—Ginyaaaahhhh?!]

Let’s not touch on the topic of the 3rd place in the past Web Novel Popularity
Poll again. Else, a half-crying shura will immediately come to visit you...
