---
template: afterword
---

# Afterword

For picking up the 8th Volume of “I was Caught up in a Hero Summoning, but That
World is at Peace”, thank you very much. This volume raised a number of flags
for later. Kaito, Illness, Funf... and the two people at the center of the
biggest taboo in the world. Furthermore, the Last Boss, who had been showing
signs of turbulence from time to time, finally made her move, bringing about a
lot of foreshadowing. Well, to go into the details of the foreshadowing here
would be a spoiler, so let’s talk about the other parts of the story.

I especially want to focus on the Six Kings Festival, which will play a major
role in the future. It’s a very big event. There’s an inside story about it...
Actually, the Six Kings Festival in the Web Novel is held during the Heaven
month. So, why is it held in the Fire month in the Light Novel... it’s solely
due to me, the Author’s fault.

In preparation for when it was to be turned into the Light Novel, I added a lot
of things to the Web Novel, and as a result of revising this and that, and
spending an extravagant number of days... there wasn’t enough time to break down
the rest of the events. If we had proceeded with the schedule according to the
Web Novel, Kaito-kun would have to digest events on a really overcrowded
schedule, so I went with the somewhat forceful choice and changed it to the Fire
month.

Actually, not just in that festival, but one volume earlier... There’s also the
first princess Amalie’s birthday party. In the Web novel, at that point in time,
Kaito and Sieg had already become lovers, and that event was the start of
Lilia’s arc... the time where Lilia realized her love for Kaito. However, due to
the number of days I could fill in the Light Novel, I couldn’t finish Sieg’s arc
in time, and I was quite torn between doing Lilia’s arc first or having Sieg’s
arc as scheduled. As a result, picking the option that’s easier for me... Rather
than saying that it would be better having it later, even though I myself know
that I’ll have a hard time when Lilia’s arc begins in the next volume, I was
actually just putting things for later.

Regulating the number of days to your scheduled plans sure is difficult, isn’t
it?

Also, I have nonchalantly mentioned it, but yes, the next volume will be Lilia’s
arc. In fact, “Lilia is the first heroine that Kaito met” in the series. If we
include her appearance, personality and how she was like in the previous
chapters, I feel that she has enough potential to be the main heroine. Also,
she’s the “_precious human heroine_”. At the time I am writing this afterword,
the number of lovers Kaito-kun had in the Web Novel has increased to seven... If
you think about it, Lilia is his _only_ human lover. It’s very strange that a
human heroine is so rare, but I hope you will look forward to the continuation
of the story.

Thank you very much for reading to the end. I’m looking forward to seeing you
again in the next volume.
