---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 1: The Second Visit to Rigforeshia

The 2nd Day of the Wind month.

It was a sunny afternoon and I’m on top of Bell with a deck brush in hand. Bell
is nearly five meters in size, so I need to use a deck brush to wash him.

[Hey, Bell, stay still.]

[Kuaa~]

Adding more force on scrubbing Bell’s back, she lets out a comfortable squeal.
Yes, yes, you look very cute and soothing, but don’t twitch too much or I’ll
fall off.

[Kyuii!]

[Unnn. Thank you. Then, Lynn, please take care of the area around her tail.]

[Kyukk!]

The one who came in with a small brush in her mouth is Lindwurm... Lynn, the
white dragon who joined the family on the 3rd day of the Earth month. It looks
like Lynn wants to help me, so I asked her to wash Bell’s body around her tail.

[...Fuuu, finally done.]

[Gaoo!]

[Kyuii!]

After I finished washing Bell’s large body and drying it with a magic tool that
produces warm air, Bell’s fur became so fluffy and wonderful to touch. It’s soft
enough that even I can feel that her fur is really fine, and when I lean my body
against it, her body is as comfortable as a futon. I leaned my body against
Bell, who is lying face down on the ground, with Lynn on my chest and Bell’s
tail laid on top of me like a blanket. Staying like this feels so comfortable
that it makes me want to take a nap... Hmmm, it’s hard to wash Bell’s body
because of her size, but I feel like the fatigue is a necessary expense to
experience this kind of fluffiness.

[...Kaito-san, good job. Here, a drink.]

[Thank you, Sieg-san.]

[No, no, I also brought some for Bell-chan and Lynn-chan.]

[Gaoo!]

[Kyuu!]

While I’m taking a break, Sieg-san comes in with a tray in one hand and a
container that looks like it’s about two meters long in her other hand. It seems
like she has prepared a drink for me, so I thanked her and accepted it. The cold
drink, which tastes almost like lemon juice, comfortably soaks into my tired
body, and seeing Bell and Lynn drinking as well, I smiled. Hmmm, it’s kind of
relaxing and comfortable today... My confession of my feelings to Isis-san,
attending that evening party with Lilia-san, things have been quite hectic
lately, so I feel relieved and at peace when I do this.

[Fufu, you look exhausted.]

[I guess I am huh? I wasn’t aware of it, but I may have been a little tense.]

[Even if you don’t look at it, fatigue would still build up...]

After saying a few words of concern with a smile, Sieg-san looked at me and
shifted her gaze.

[Unnn? Ah, yes. Go ahead.]

Since I had spoken with Sieg-san through exchanging eye contact and gestures
before back when she couldn’t speak, I immediately knew what she was thinking
about. “Can I sit with you?” or so it feels like she wants to ask, so I nodded
and shifted my body to give her some space, and Sieg-san beautifully sat down,
leaning against Bell as I did.

[Leisurely passing through time like this is kind of nice...]

[That’s right. Times like this are a luxury.]

Sitting side by side with Sieg-san, I stare at the clear blue sky. It certainly
is as Sieg-san said, times where we can be laid-back like this feels like the
most luxurious thing I’ve ever had. Before I knew it, Lynn, who had finished her
drink, moved back to my lap and curled herself, and I don’t know if she’s tired
as well or she’s feeling sleepy, as a little while later, I could hear her quiet
breathing. Smiling at the sight, I abruptly asked the nearby Sieg-san a
question.

[Speaking of which, I just overheard it before but... Sieg-san, are you really
taking a few days off from the day after tomorrow?]

[Yes, for about 4 days... I’m going to be in Rigforeshia to visit my parents.]

[You’re going to visit Rei-san and Fia-san?]

[Yes, I’ve written to them in a letter that my voice has returned, but I haven’t
directly reported it to them yet.]

[I see.]

It seems that the rumor I’ve heard from the servants was true, Sieg-san will be
taking a few days off from the day after tomorrow to return to Rigforeshia.
Sieg-san’s voice certainly returned only after we returned from the Sacred Tree
Festival, and I’m sure Rei-san and Fia-san would like to hear their daughter’s
voice. Especially since those two seemed to dote on Sieg-san very much...

[And since I’m going back home, I thought I’d go visit various places.]

[Heehh... That sounds fun.]

[You think so?]

[Yes, I quite like the green scenery of Rigforeshia.]

It should have only been about two months ago at most since we last visited, but
I feel very nostalgic for Rigforeshia. Looking back, that was the first time I
ever went to a place outside of the royal capital... Rei-san and Fia-san were
fun people, and I hope to see them again. As I was thinking about this, I saw
Sieg-san glancing at me. so I tilted my head. Thereupon, Sieg-san’s cheeks
slightly blushed, and in a reserved manner, she spoke.

[...Errr, Kaito-san... This might be an impolite suggestion but...]

[Yes? What is it?]

[...I-If it’s fine with you, Kaito-san, would you like... to come together with
me?]

[Ehh? Me too?]

I was a little surprised by the unexpected words, but her suggestion itself was
very appealing.

[Y-Yes, ummm, Father and Mother also wanted to meet Kaito again... a-a-and I
also thought it would be more fun than going back home alone...]

[I see.]

[O-Of course, that’s only if it’s fine with you, Kaito-san...]

Seeing Sieg-san’s cheeks blushing as she quietly muttered that, she looked very
cute and my heart reflexively skipped a beat. Putting my hand to my chin to
cover up the smile that’s about to rise on my lips, I think about her suggestion
for a bit.

[It’s a tempting suggestion but... Wouldn’t I just be too intruding if I go with
you too?]

[Rather than be intruding, I think Father and Mother would be pleased instead.
They mentioned wanting to meet Kaito-san again in their letters.]

I didn’t have any particular plans anyway, and since I’ve been wanting to go
back to Rigforeshia, so I might as well. I asked her if I wouldn’t interfere too
much with their family time, but it seems like Rei-san and Fia-san also want to
meet me again as well.

[...Well then, I’ll take you up on your offer, so would it be alright if I go
with you?]

[Ahh, yes!]

[Since we’re going anyway, let’s go invite Aoi-chan and Hina-chan as well. I
think the two of them would like to go to Rigforeshia as well.]

[Ehh? Y-Yes, you’re right... I guess you’re right... Yes... I agree...]

I suggested since it would be more fun with more people anyway, but for some
reason, Sieg-san looked disappointed as her shoulders slumped down. Arehh? I
thought she would like it if we were more boisterous though...

[...Errr, did I say something wrong?]

[No! Absolutely nothing! Let’s invite the two of them to go with us! Let’s go do
that!]

When I asked her, Sieg-san vigorously shook her head, her face beet-red as she
stood up.

[Ah, yes.]

What is this? I don’t really know why... but did I say something wrong?

After that, along with Sieg-san, we tried inviting Aoi-chan and Hina-chan, but
the two of them refused me as quickly as they could. However, for some reason,
both of them said something incomprehensible while looking at Sieg-san when they
refused.

[...I’ll have to refuse. I don’t want to get kicked by a horse...]

[I’m also going to refuse like Aoi-senpai, I don’t want to receive a horse’s
kick.]

[...A horse? Why?]

[...Sieg-san, please do your best. I’m rooting for you.]

[Kaito-senpai would probably be a tough nut to crack. I know exactly how you
feel. Fighting!]

[...Thank you very much. I’ll do my best.]

B-Being kicked by a horse... Were they talking about that saying about how
people who interfere with a person’s love life are kicked by a horse? However,
why are they bringing that up at a time like this? Then, it was as if Sieg-san
and I were...

No, wait right there. Let’s not get conceited here, okay? Just because I became
the lover of Kuro and Isis-san, two of the most beautiful ladies I’ve ever seen
in my life, it would be a mistake to think that I’m popular. I heard from TV
that men who misunderstand things are the most hated of all.

---

The 4th day of the Wind month.

The day has come for Sieg-san and I to go out to Rigforeshia for four days and
three nights. If I could use Teleportation Magic, it would have only taken us an
instant to get to Rigforeshia, but unfortunately, I didn’t register that place
as a target location because I didn’t get my Teleportation Magic Tool until
after the Sacred Tree Festival. So, since we aren’t able to use Teleportation,
we’re going to Rigforeshia using the Flying Dragon Services.

Putting mine aside since I got it from Kuro, Teleportation Magic Tools are
absurdly expensive because it requires a difficult technique to make it and the
high purity magic crystal needed for it. Even Lilia-san, a duchess who used to
be a princess, doesn’t own one. Even so, it seems that Lilia-san offered to ask
the royal palace to arrange Teleportation Magic for us, but Sieg-san refused,
saying that she would return with her own money since she was only in her
hometown for personal reasons.

[...It would have been nice if we could bring Bell and Lynn along.]

[Putting aside Lynn-chan, Bell-chan can’t get on the Flying Dragon Services’s
gondolas... And if you only take one of them with you, they’ll probably get into
a fight, so it can’t be helped.

Bell and Lynn are staying back at Lilia-san’s mansion, and I’ve asked some of
the servants to take care of them while we’re gone. Even though my relationship
with them wasn’t that good in the beginning, and I didn’t have much interaction
with the servants, but as a good amount of time passed, I developed a friendship
with them, and I’ve been talking a lot with them recently. They’re also willing
to accept looking after Bell and Lynn as well, and I’m really grateful for that.

And so, as we occasionally chat with each other on the way, Sieg-san and I
continued on our way to the Flying Dragon Services’ aviary that we went to
before.

When we arrived at the large ranch that is attached to the Dragon Flight
Services’ aviary, Sieg-san and I were stunned to see the scene in front of us.

[...Errr, this is...]

[I didn’t expect it would be this much...]

It certainly is a really vast ranch back when I came to visit it before... but
the situation here drastically changed. The aviary was several times larger than
before, dragons that seemed to be tens of meters long and there, and even the
number of people who came to visit are astounding. Speaking of which, I
completely put them away on my mind after receiving Lynn, but this Flying Dragon
Services has made a contract with Magnawell-san where he would send his
subordinates to work here... Unnn, how should I say this… They’re all huge.

[...That’s a High Ancient Dragon... I’ve never seen one before.]

[Errr, that name kinda sounds awesome...]

[...They have strength around the peerage-holding Demons.]

[...I-I see...]

Apparently, there are several top-tier dragons roaming around here that aren’t
supposed to be in the Human Realm. I guess that’s why there are so many people
here... All of them certainly look very fast and strong...

[However, this means we’ll have to wait for quite a while, won’t we?]

[Most probably... Well, being able to ride the highest-ranking Dragons would
certainly make them popular... I mean, I’m beginning to wonder if we could ride
today...]

There was a line of people waiting in front of the aviary as if it were a
popular amusement park attraction, and it doesn’t seem likely that we would be
able to ride immediately. But well, it can’t be helped under these
circumstances, so when I gave up and was about to line up with Sieg-san, I heard
a familiar voice.

[If it isn’t Miyama-san, welcome!]

[Ahh, hello, Mary-san.]

As I was about to get in line, I was called out by Driver-san who I negotiated
with and the manager of this Flying Dragon Services... Mary-san. She told me her
name when I received Lynn, and that’s what I call her now.

[It has become quite a big deal, isn’t it?]

[Yes, It’s really all thanks to Miyama-san and Dragon King-sama. We’re receiving
reservations to ride with us every day... and in just a few days, we’ve slightly
surpassed our monthly income so far.]

[That’s kind of amazing...]

[Yes, it makes me scream out in happiness... So, Miyama-san, how are you doing
today? Are you by any chance going to ride with us?]

[Ah, yes... However, doesn’t it look difficult today?]

Having a light chat with Mary-san, who spoke to me with a lively smile, I told
her the purpose of our visit. Mary then nodded once in agreement, and then, she
moved her hand, as if to encourage me to move over there.

[Well then, please come this way... I’ll prepare for your departure right away.]

[Eh? H-However, we don’t have a reservation or anything like that...]

[You don’t need to make a reservation, for in our establishment, Miyama-san is
our most important customer. I’ll arrange for you to ride our best flight
service right away.]

Mary’s going to put me on a high priority flight even though I don’t have a
reservation... I’m feeling kind of apologetic since it was all thanks to
Magnawell-san but... I’m sure Sieg-san would want to see her parents as soon as
possible, so I guess I’ll take her up on her offer. Thinking this, I turned to
Sieg-san, who told me with her eyes that she’s going to leave it up to me to
decide.

[...Well then, do you mind if I ask so?]

[Yes, leave it to me. Well then, this way please.]

[Yes.]

Following Mary-san, who was guiding us, Sieg-san and I left the long line and
headed towards the aviary. Thereupon, one of the largest dragons in the vicinity
of the aviary, a jet-black dragon slowly moved in front of us and bowed its head
towards me.

[It’s been a while. Miyama-dono.]

[...Errr, if I remember correctly, you were there when I met Magnawell-san...]

[Yes, I’m Magnawell-sama subordinate... Fafnir is my name. It’s an honor to see
your countenance once again.]

[...Errr...]

The huge dragon... Fafnir-san, who must be over 100 meters long, spoke to me in
a very polite tone. I was puzzled by his overly polite response, and as if he
sensed it, Fafnir-san opened his huge mouth.

[All dragonkinds have received strict orders from Magnawell-sama to treat
Miyama-dono with utmost courtesy.]

[...I-Is that so?]

[Yes, I’ve heard that Magnawell-sama owes you a great debt... and we were told
that we should listen to Miyama-dono’s words as if they were equivalent to
Magnawell-sama’s words. If you need anything, we will be at your disposal.]

[...Errr, y-yes.]

Owes a debt? Did Magnawell-san have such debt towards me? ...Ahh, could it be
about Kuro? Mhmmm, how should I say this... I don’t know if I should be
grateful... but I also can’t compose myself... I feel complicated. When I was
somewhat troubled on how to respond, the preparations seemed to quickly proceed
and Fafnir-san agreed to take us on a ride to Rigforeshia. Sitting next to each
other in the spacious carriage with a luxurious interior that must have been
several times larger than the one we rode in before, I felt quite uncomfortable
since it was just the two of us in here. It seems that Fafnir-san is far faster
than other dragons, and even if he were to adjust his speed so that our carriage
doesn’t shake or fly off, he said that we will reach Rigforeshia in less than
half an hour.

[...H-How should I say this, I’m once again reminded of how amazing of a person
Kaito-san is.]

[N-No, I didn’t expect this to happen either...]

[...It feels unsettling, isn’t it?]

[...Yes, really.]

In a situation that could be called as a completely VIP treatment, both me and
Sieg-san aren’t used to it and have been strangely nervous. However, it’s
painful to keep on being nervous for 30 minutes, so I exchanged a few glances
with Sieg-san, trying to have a conversation with her. I don’t know if Sieg-san
was thinking the same thing as I was, as even though she looked a little
flustered, she took out her magic box.

[Kaito-san, if you’d like, how about we have some tea...]

[T-Thank you.]

[Here.]

[Thank you for the tea.]

Receiving the tea that Sieg-san offered me and bringing it to my mouth, I drank
it all at once. Perhaps, I was more thirty than I thought I would be.

[...As I thought, the tea that Sieg-san brews is delicious.]

[Really? It makes me happy to hear that.]

[Do you have any tips to brew such great tea?]

[...Hmmm, let’s see...]

With a cup of tea and a breather, I felt a little more comfortable and naturally
began to connect with the conversation. Hearing the question I told her,
Sieg-san cutely put her finger to her mouth... and after she glanced at me, she
winked.

[...I guess you just have to brew it with the person you want to serve it to in
mind.]

[...Eh? Ah, errr...]

Arehh? What is this? I don’t know if I’m just at a loss for words or not... but
for some reason, Sieg-san’s unexpected gesture made me feel so nervous that I
couldn’t get the words out of my mouth. Sieg-san really is a really beautiful
woman, and despite her cool appearance, she is an amazingly kind and cheerful
person, and how should I say this... I think she’s a very attractive woman.

---

Riding behind Fafnir-san for 30 minutes, the streets of Rigforeshia finally came
into view. It’s only been a few months since my last visit, but I feel
nostalgic... I guess the events that happened in the Sacred Tree Festival were
that memorable. A lot of things have really happened when I visited before. I
also met Sieg-san’s parents Rejnhardt-san and Sylphia-san. The events that
happened in Lilia-san, Lunamaria-san and Sieg-san’s past... And in the midst of
a city that was in turmoil due to the Black Bears’ attack, I experienced a
battle for the first time in my life. Hmmm, but that Black Bear... for her to
change in appearance and become my important and cute follower... You can really
never know what’s going to happen in life.

And then, I didn’t really see for myself when Isis-san beat the invading Black
Bears, but looking back on that day, I guess it’s that time... the first time I
felt happy that Isis-san earnestly feels love towards me...

And after that, my encounter with the spirits at the harvest festival and
Lillywood-san, the World King... There really are lots of things that happened
back at the Sacred Tree Festival. Come to think of it, was it after the Sacred
Tree Festival ended? It was when Sieg-san started occasionally serving me her
home-made meal to me... All of Sieg-san’s dishes are home-style and have a
gentle flavor, just the way I like it, and I was secretly looking forward to
eating her home-made meal again.

[...Unnn? Is something the matter?]

[No, it’s just that it should have only been a few months since we visited
Rigforeshia... but I’m kind of feeling nostalgic.]

[Indeed, I agree. Since the day we came to the Sacred Tree Festival, Kaito-san
and I have changed a lot.]

[Eh? I changed?]

[...Yes, you have become much more reliable than you used to be.]

[T-Thank you.]

Feeling a little embarrassed to hear her unsarcastic praise she said with a
gentle smile on her face, I was somewhat flustered, so I shifted my gaze to the
view that could be seen from the window.

To be honest, I wondered how we were going to get off Fafnir-san, who had a body
with a length of over 100 meters... I felt surprised as only the carriage part
descended slowly through Fafnir-san’s magic, and gently landed in front of the
entrance of Rigforeshia. Well, I’m really glad... that we weren’t brought down
like this in the middle of the city... I would have been too embarrassed to walk
out of my house if I had been in a situation where I had been sent home by
something like a luxurious helicopter.

As I was thinking about this when I stepped out of the carriage with Sieg-san
and thanked Fafnir-san for sending us here, Fafrir-san politely bowed his head
in response before he returned. Watching his magnificent flap of wings glide
through the air for a bit, we headed to the city of Rigforeshia once again. The
wooden walls surrounding the city of Rigforeshia were much larger than when I
had seen them before, and they had changed to the point where they could be
described as wooden ramparts. And in front of the place that looks like an
entrance, there’s a gatekeeper dressed in heavy equipment.

[Eh? If it isn’t Miyama-sama!]

[...Ehh?]

[It’s an honor to meet you.]

[Errr, you know who I am?]

A woman, who held vigilance typical of a gatekeeper, quickly got down on one
knee and bowed her head when she saw me... Eh? What’s going on here? I don’t
recognize her at all... To begin with, from looking at her ears, she looks like
an Elf, but who is she?

[I am one of World King-sama’s followers.]

[Ahh, I see...]

[Yes. We have received word from World King-sama to be courteous to Miyama-sama
when you arrive.]

[.........]

Arehh? What the heck is this? I think I saw this kind of development a few
moments ago.

[World King-sama said that she felt gratitude for Miyama-san higher than words
could ever express. We were told that Miyama-sama’s words take precedence over
everything else.]

[I-Is that so...]

[...Kaito-san, isn’t it about time you take over the world? Or perhaps, how
about creating your country first?]

[I’m not going to build any country.]

Apparently, the members of the Six Kings really are thanking me for Kuro’s
situation, and they strictly ordered their own subordinates to treat me
politely. How should I say this… I’m grateful for that but... Didn’t they think
that something like this would make me feel very uncomfortable?! Magnawell-san,
Lillywood-san... even Alice, from even before them, also issued strict orders
for their subordinates to obey me... Seriously, what the heck am I supposed to
do here...

Even as we encountered all this tiring stuff right from the start, we finally
managed to enter the city of Rigforeshia... but Sieg-san and I tilted our heads.

[...Arehh? Rei-san and Fia-san are supposed to be picking us up here, right?]

[How strange. I made sure to tell them with a hummingbird...]

Yes, in fact, when it was decided that Fafnir-san would drop us off, we sent a
hummingbird to Rei-san and Fia-san of our estimated arrival time. They replied
that they would be waiting for us and were supposed to pick us up after we
entered the gate but... they weren’t here. When I was about to wait with
Sieg-san here for the two of them to arrive, thinking that perhaps they were
late because we had arrived earlier than planned... I heard a familiar voice.

[W-W-What should we do?! We still haven’t prepared for an entrance...]

[Kuhh, they arrived too soon... What do we do? Fia, I guess we should just do
the Split Cross here...]

[That’s no good, we’ve done that before... How about we do a Side Sway?]

[No, but Side Sway isn’t flashy... for us to surprise Miyama-kun... it can’t be
helped, we have to release the Ultimate Scream!]

[T-That’s no good, Rei! We still haven’t succeeded in flawlessly making that
entrance yet!!!]

...Honestly, I’m feeling more speechless than ever before. I don’t know what
face I should have when I see this couple. who are probably much older than I
am, hiding in the shadows of a building and seriously discussing how to make
their entrance. Sieg-san’s face flushed with embarrassment, and her shoulders
were trembling at the sight of her parents.

[We won’t make great strides if we’re afraid of failing... I’m always going to
be a challenger.]

[...Rei, you’re so dreamy.]

[Fia, will you be by my side?]

[Yes, of course! Let’s go together!!!]

[...If you want to go that much, how about I send you to the realm of the dead
right now?]

[ [ ...Eh? ] ]

Looking at the continuous shameful behavior... or rather, this farce of a skit
that her family is doing made Sieg-san’s patience run out, and she calmly called
out to them, her fists tightly clenched beside her. Thereupon, Rei-san and
Fia-san slowly turned their heads, and when they saw Sieg-san’s face, their
faces turned pale.

[S-Sieg?! Since when are you here?!]

[...You could have just shut up and watched, but you had to shame your own
daughter in front of Kaito-san over and over again... Even after I asked you to
take this seriously...]

[C-Calm down, Sieg-chan?! It’s important to keep a good hold on it!!!]

[S-S-She’s right, Sieg... Father and Mother want to become adults who remember
the purity in our hearts! Our hearts will always be young!]

[...Would that be your last words?]

[ [ Eh? Wait a mo—Gyaaaaahhhhhhh?! ] ]

Thereupon, Sieg-san, who had turned into a Shura, attacked them, and their
miserable screams rang out in the streets of Rigforeshia.

[...Those two have quite a great relationship with each other... Polish them a
bit more and they should shine.]

[I’d rather if you don’t go polishing them...]

[Ahh, that’s right! Kaito-san! If you’re looking for a souvenir for Alice-chan,
I’d recommend the local specialty fruit sticks here!]

[Talking about souvenirs and all that stuff, can’t you just buy it yourself...]

As I watched Rei-san and Fia-san get beaten up by Siegg-san, Alice, who appeared
before I knew it, told me that with her usual tone, to which I astoundedly
replied.

[Well~~ It’s just that I went and blew it a little bit the other day, so I
actually only have 1R now—Hah?! Oh no?!]

[...Come here for a bit. We need to talk.]

[Ah, wait?! K-Kaito-san?! W-Wait, that just now was... Ginyaaaahhh?!
Ouchieouch?! You’ll tear off my eaaarrrrrsss!!!]

It seems like there’s also some stuff I need to do over here. At any rate, while
the parents and child have their quarrel over there... Let’s just correct this
idiot’s distorted character while waiting until Sieg-san’s one-sided scolding
ends.

When I finished scolding Alice and made her hide again before Rei-san and the
others noticed her, it looked like Sieg-san had just finished scolding them too.
Both Rei-san and Fia-san are in a ragged state after getting her scolding while
sitting on a seiza.

[...Geez, I can’t believe you’re going to do this just when I come back...]

[ [ ...We’re feeling ashamed. ] ]

However, I don’t think they’ve reflected at all. Unnn, I’m sure around that
area... They will probably do the same thing next time. As I was thinking about
this, Rei-san and Fia-san stood up and serenely smiled, unlike the ragged state
they were in earlier.

[...Anyway, welcome back, Sieg... I’m relieved to see you look fine.]

[...Father.]

[I was so excited to hear Sieg-chan’s voice... I’m really glad that you have
regained your voice.]

[...Mother.]

As expected, both of them were sincerely worried about Sieg-san, and they were
really happy that Sieg-san’s voice had returned. As I felt the familial bond
between them, it became a little difficult for me to talk to them, and that’s
when Rei-san and Fia-san turned to me.

[It’s been a long time, Miyama-kun. It’s good to see you again.]

[Long time no see. Regarding Sieg-chan... thank you so much.]

[No, ummm, I’m really happy for her.]

Rei-san and Fia-san were slightly... like my parents. They are usually cheerful
and somewhat half a loose screw in their heads, but I can tell that they truly
care about their child. Looking at them makes me smile from feeling the warmth
of nostalgia. Oops, it would be great if we just end that topic right there...

[...By the way, Miyama-kun. How far have you and Sieg gotten?]

[?!]

[Geez, that’s no good, Rei. You shouldn’t ask the youngsters something like
that.]

[Hahaha, I see! I guess you just do what you have to do—Bfuuuhhh?!]

A very heavy fist slammed into Rei-san’s face. The atmosphere they had earlier
is ruined... This is important, so I’ll repeat it again, the atmosphere they had
earlier is ruined.

[Good grief! I see you haven’t learned your lesson yet!]

[N-No, wait, Sieg! A-As your father, it is my duty to check on my daughter’s
situation...]

[C-Calm down, Sieg-chan. Rei doesn’t mean any harm...]

Then, once again, Rei-san was chastised by Sieg-san. After watching it for a
while, it seemed to be finally over, and Rei-san stood up, holding his cheek.
Rei-san’s face, which was originally supposed to be quite the ikemen just like
what the face of an elf would have in anyone’s imagination, was in a horrible
situation to watch, but it soon returned to normal with Recovery Magic.

[...Well, my daughter’s love is quite heavy. By the way, Miyama-kun.]

[Yes?]

[...Are you perhaps not interested in women?]

[...Huh?]

Whoa there, not just a few minutes passed and he started making jokes again.

[No, this is an important matter, you know? You’re in the company of my cute
Sieg and you’re not lusting after her?! I was just wondering that perhaps, that
male part of yours has some problem functioning...]

[...No, I-I mean, I already have a lover.]

[What?! What the heck does that mean?!]

[Wait?! R-Rei-san?!]

When I told her that I already have a girlfriend to clear up his very
disgraceful misunderstanding, Rei-san turned stern and grabbed both of my
shoulders, he violently shook me. H-He’s surprisingly strong too?! Or perhaps,
it was just me who was weak...

[For you to be in a relationship and disregard my cute Sieg... Who the heck is
that person that came out of nowhere...]

[...Father. Kaito-san’s lovers are the Underworld King-sama and Death
King-sama.]

[.........]

Rei-san, who looked as one would expect from an overly doting parent, was
gnashing his teeth, but when he heard what Sieg-san said, he stopped. And then,
without any useless movements, he got down on his knees with his hands on the
ground.

[...Please accept my apologies.]

[.........]

A really polished and no faltering dogeza. I don’t really know who he was bowing
for... No, I can somewhat guess who because Rei-san’s shoulders are slightly
shaking.

[...P-P-Please don’t tell Death King-sama about this...]

[...I won’t say anything, okay?]

As I thought, the one Rei-san was scared of was Isis-san, as he looked pale and
was shaking so much that he looked pitiful.

Rei-san recovered from Isis-san’s fears, and we finally started walking through
the streets of Rigforeshia.

[I mean, Rei-san, Fia-san, would it really be alright for me to stay for the
night?]

[Of course. We’ve already prepared a room for you.]

[Yes, you don’t have to be reserved, feel free to make yourself at home.]

[Thank you.]

For the time I’m staying here, I’m going to be staying at Rei-san and Fia-san’s
home. At first, Sieg-san was going to stay with her parents while I was going to
stay at the inn... But they recommended that I stay with them instead.

[Even so, the walls still looked the same, but I feel like the whole Rigforeshia
has somehow become beautiful.]

[It has actually become beautiful. Having the cooperation of World King-sama is
quite a big deal after all.]

When I murmured that, feeling that the landscape around us had become more
beautiful, or rather, the overall scenery has been well-arranged compared to
before, Rei-san mentioned that it was thanks to Lillywood-san. Thereupon,
Sieg-san looked around and slightly tilted her head, she spoke.

[Still, the change seems to be a bit significant. Not only does it look better,
but even the magic power in the air seems to be crystal clear... Is it possible
for this place to change so much in just a few months?]

[Sieg-chan’s question is valid. Even I didn’t expect this much change to
happen.]

[Yeah, I guess this too is also thanks to Miyama-kun.]

Fia-san and Rei-san answered Sieg-san’s question with a smile that seemed to
imply something. Then, they began to explain the question.

[In the beginning, the recovery wasn’t that fast. Of course, thanks to the World
King sending her dependents, the reconstruction was progressing much faster than
usual.]

[I think it was about 15 days ago? World King-sama visited Rigforeshia. She said
that she owed a great debt of gratitude to Miyama-kun and to apparently thank
you even a little bit, she said she would put more effort into the restoration
of Rigforeshia.]

From Rei-san and Fia-san’s explanation, I guess that debt of gratitude
Lillywood-san mentioned would be about Kuro. I think Lillywood-san understands
my character very well. In fact, if Lillywood-san had come to me with gold and
silver treasures and offered them as thanks... I wouldn’t have accepted them. I
would have said that I just ended up saving Kuro, and that all I wanted was to
convey my feelings for her. That’s why, in an indirect way to express her
gratitude... Lillywood-san decided to put her efforts into assisting in the
reconstruction of Rigforeshia.

[I see, Lillywood-san did that...]

[Yeah, World King-sama must have been really grateful to Miyama-kun. I never
expected that she would even send one of her “executives” to help us.]

[Executives?! D-Does that mean... one of the “Seven Princesses” is here?!]

Sieg-san looked astonished at Rei-san’s words, but I only slightly tilted my
head at the unfamiliar name. I guess this Seven Princesses was the popularized
name for the World King’s executives? I think Megiddo-san’s camp had people
called “Five Generals” or something like that. Thereupon, perhaps sensing my
question, Rei-san turned to me and explained.

[Miyama-kun may not be familiar with the term, but the Seven Princesses is the
alias for the seven Count-rank Demons that are especially powerful among the
World King’s subordinates. They are also called the Beautiful Seven Princesses.]

[I see... Being executives of the Six Kings, I guess they would have nicknames
like that huh?]

[That’s right... War King-sama’s executives were called the “Five Generals”.
Dragon King-sama’s executives were called the “Four Great Demon Dragons”,
consisting of High Ancient Dragons that rule heaven and earth. Phantasmal
King-sama’s executives were called the “Ten Demons”, terrifying Demons that lurk
in the darkness. Death King-sama doesn’t have any subordinates, and Underworld
King-sama herself calls them her family, it can’t be said that she has
subordinates, much less executives.]

Those were quite the awesome nicknames they have there... As a guy, I think
having those Heavenly King-like positions was cool.

[So, Father? Who among the Seven Princesses is here? I guess it would be “Big
Tree Princess Jutia-sama” huh?]

[Ahh, that’s what you’d normally think. I actually thought that would be the
case too. The Elves worship Jutia-sama as the Great Spirit of the Spirit Tree,
so she already has a close relationship with us Elves after all.]

[...Which means, another one arrived?]

[...It was “Lillie”-sama.]

[L-Lillie-sama?! W-World King-sama... is going that far...]

[Errr, who’s this Lillie-san?]

IIt seemed that she was quite an amazing person, as Sieg-san looked very
surprised. However, I didn’t know what kind of person this Lillie-san was, so I
asked her, and she answered me with a bit of excitement in her voice.

[The World King’s “Head subordinate”, “Magic Flower Princess” Lillie-sama... In
other words, she’s the World King camp’s number 2! She’s World King-sama’s
trusted retainer! For World King-sama to send Lillie-sama, I think she’s truly
grateful to Kaito-san.]

[I-I see, she’s someone amazing huh...]

World King camp’s number 2, I guess she’s in the same position as the Phantasmal
King camp’s Pandora-san? I guess she certainly must have a great position. The
Elves seem to have a close relationship with Lillywood-san, so they probably
also admire these executives. In fact, Sieg-san had a happy expression on her
face, as she looked really happy while talking about them.

[...W-Would it be alright... if I ask for her autograph?]

[Heh, I’ve already asked her myself! I met her when I was treating the
mentally-injured guards.]

[T-That’s not fair. Father... I want one too.]

Those were unusual words for Sieg-san. It seems like Lillie-san is really like
an idol Sieg-san admires. However, that being the case, I’m a little curious
about her too. I hope I can at least see her during the four days I’m here...

The conversation has settled down to some extent, and as we walked through the
streets of Rigforeshia to Sieg-san’s parent’s house once again... strange things
began to happen.

[Ahh, c-could you be Miyama-sama?!]

[Eh? Ah, yes.]

[You’re finally back! Ahh, if you’d like, here’s some fruits on the house.]

[Eh? Errr, t-thank you.]

The owner of a shopkeeper selling fruit talked to me and, for some reason, gave
me some fruits...

[Kyaahh! It’s Miyama-sama!]

[Eh? Really?! Ahh, Miyama-sama!!!]

[Eh? Ah, errr...]

[We’re Miyama-sama’s fans.]

[C-Can I please shake your hands?!]

[Fan?!]

For some reason, young elven women asked me to shake their hands...

[If it isn’t Miyama-sama. Welcome back to Rigforeshia.]

[Errr, i-it’s been a while.]

[If you have some time, please visit us elders as well. Everyone would be
delighted.]

[Ah, y-yes.]

The elderly elf I had met back at the harvest festival reverently greeted me,
and everyone I met looked at me very favorably.

[...Ummm, what in the world is...]

[Ahhh, Miyama-kun is just very popular in Rigforeshia.]

[...Why?]

[Why, that’s obviously because you had set an unprecedented record at the
harvest festival and asked World King-sama for the restoration of Rigforeshia.
Thanks to that, the wall surrounding the city has become stronger, the Spirits
have become more friendly to us, and moreover, and even Lillie-sama was
dispatched here... You’re almost like a hero for the populace.]

[.........]

I felt dumbfounded from what Rei-san told me. N-No, no, I mean, it was
Lillywood-san who fixed the city, and my record at the harvest festival was all
thanks to her. I didn’t even know about the arrival of this Lillie-san here
until now... The way Rei-san is saying it sounds like I’m the one who made it
all happen...

[Ahh, by the way, among most of the residents, what they know is that Miyama-kun
was the one who got rid of the Black Bears.]

[How come?!]

[Moreover, there are also books and plays based on Miyama-kun’s exploits.]

[Books?! Plays?!]

Apparently, it had turned more terrifying than I thought it would be. I mean, I
had passed out when the Black Bears were attacking though?! However, what
Rei-san and Fia-san were saying are true. The people I met on the streets are
all very friendly, as if they’ve met their idol. It feels kind of unsettling to
be enshrined as a hero without my own knowledge... Hearing about it is starting
to give me headaches, but with it spreading so widely, I don’t think there’s
anything I could do about it. Should I ask Alice to clear up their
misunderstanding? No, it might turn for the worse instead since they’ll find out
that I’m interacting with not only the World King, but the Phantasmal King as
well.

[...Come to think of it, it seems that the Death King-sama came to buy a book
about Miyama-kun, and she seems to be praising it well... so they’ve decided to
publish a sequel.]

[.........]

Isis-san! What the heck are you doing?! Rather, doesn’t that mean it was
Isis-san who demanded for the continuation of those books... Geez, seriously...
How the heck did this happen...

---

After I felt unsettled from being treated as some kind of hero, we finally
reached Rei-san and Fia-san’s house. How should I say this... I think I now
understand a little bit about how Neun-san, who was the Former Hero and was
regarded as a great person, feels... This feels embarrassing.

[It took us a lot more time to go home than I expected. I guess it’s time to get
ready for dinner.]

[I guess. I’ll do it. Rei, you go show Miyama-kun to his room.]

[Yeah, I’m on it.]

We should have arrived in the early afternoon, but it turned out to be a long
day for some reason, and it’s already almost evening. Fia-san goes straight to
the dining room, while Rei-san brings me and Sieg-san upstairs.

[...Ummm, Father?]

[Unnn? What is it?]

[...Did we have that many rooms in our home? Where will Kaito-san be going to
stay?]

Just as Sieg-san said, Rei-san and Fia-san’s home isn’t that big. It’s big
enough for the three of them to live together, but it doesn’t have many rooms,
and it doesn’t seem like they have anything like a guest room.

[...Yes, that’s okay. I’ll have Miyama-kun stay here!]

[...Ummm, Father?]

[What is it?]

[...This is my old room though...]

And the room that Rei-san led me to is... To my surprise, it seems to be
Sieg-san’s room. Sieg-san currently lives in the Symphonia Kingdom, but Rei-san
is currently living in Rigforeshia before he became a court mage, so it’s not
strange if he had a vacant room like this... but, eh? I will be staying here?
What about Sieg-san?

[Ummm, Rei-san... If I’m staying here, what about Sieg-san?]

[Eh? What are you talking about? Sieg would obviously be in this room too.]

[Wha?!]

When I timidly asked him, Rei-san replied to my words, as if it was obvious that
Sieg-san would be staying in this room too.

[W-What are you talking about?! Father!!!]

[No, you see, we don’t have a lot of rooms... Ah, don’t worry, I properly
changed the bed to a double size.]

[Wha?! T-T-That’s not the point, f-f-for me to stay in the same room as K-
K-K-Kaito-san...]

[Do your best, Sieg. Father is rooting for you.]

[How come the conversation turned towards that?!]

When he told us that Sieg-san and I would be staying in the same room,
Sieg-san’s face turned red as she flusteredly drew near to him, but
unfortunately, Rei-san wasn’t listening at all.

[Ummm, Rei-san... As expected, I’ll just go stay in the inn...]

[...Fia and I were looking forward to having Miyama-kun staying with us...
Please don’t say such a sad thing.]

[Eh? Ah, yes. Sorry.]

[Kaito-san?! Could you not get swept along with them?!]

[Eh? Ahh, errr...]

[Sieg too, you won’t say something horrible like kicking Miyama-kun out of the
house, right?]

[T-T-That is... N-No, but...]

I don’t know if it’s as to be expected from Rei-san or not, but it seems like he
really knows which areas I’m weak at... It’s impossible to say no when he looked
so sad. As for Sieg-san, I kind of feel like she would end up getting caught up
by Rei-san’s tune.

[To begin with, you’re just going to stay in the same room, right? It’s not like
I’m asking you to do anything... Or perhaps, would there be some kind of mistake
that would be made if you stay in the same room?]

[T-T-That won’t happen!!!]

[Then, there shouldn’t be any problem.]

[Ehh? Ah, no, that doesn’t mean...]

It’s already completely going at Rei-san’s pace. It’s starting to become
difficult to refuse him now. Well, as long as I sleep on the floor, it should be
alright... Let’s just give up on saying no and try to find a way to bother
Sieg-san as little as possible.

[Ahh, that’s right, Miyama-kun.]

[Yes?]

[Rest assured, the room is soundproofed to the max... You should know what to do
next, right? Also, Sieg-san’s underwear are in the drawer on the right, third
shelf... The State Preservation Magic is designed to be unlocked when you open
the drawer. You can take at least one of them home with you—Gafuuu?!]

[ ~ ~ ?! ]

Her iron fist is again, shot into Rei-san’s face just as he made a thumbs-up.
Why does this father even know where his daughter’s underwear are stored... No,
let’s not tsukkomi here. As I watched Rei-san being beaten up by Sieg-san again,
I suddenly remembered... Arehh? It kind of feels like Sieg-san’s attention was
drawn away from the topic of whether I’m going to stay here or not...

After a while, Sieg-san’s scolding towards Rei-san ended, and just as I was
descending the stairs with the two of them, the view around me suddenly changed.

[...Huh? Eh?]

I was supposed to be descending the stairs, but before I knew it, I found myself
under the warm light “within a forest”, sitting on a wooden chair. I was
confused by the sudden situation when I suddenly heard a beautiful voice from
right beside me, resounding like a bell.

[Good evening, Miyama Kaito-san. I apologize for the sudden greeting.]

[...Eh? Ah, you are?]

As if guided by the voice, I turned around and before I knew it, there was a
woman sitting next to me with a beauty that took my breath away. She had long
golden hair that shimmered in the sunlight, eyes that remained closed, a large
red flower on either side of her head, and her clothing was designed to look
somewhat like Lillywood-san. She was about 160cm tall?, has well-balanced
proportions and a beautiful face that gives a gentle impression... It makes me
feel as if she’s some princess from somewhere.

[Nice to meet you. My name is “Lillie”. I have the honor of being the World
King’s Head Subordinate, and am known as the Magic Flower Princess.]

[Eh? Ahh, so you are... Ahh, it’s nice to meet you, I’m Miyama Kaito.]

[Thank you for your courteousness. You may call me whatever you like. I
understand that it’s polite to visit you in person, so my apologies for greeting
you in this way. I was told of your presence by my subordinates who were
guarding the gate, but I’m currently a bit busy, so I took this opportunity to
at least exchange a few words with you.]

Saying that, Lillie-san bowed her head with her eyes still closed, but more
importantly, a new question had arisen in my mind. Lillie-san said it was polite
to visit me in person, but since she was busy, she wasn’t able to do so.
However, I feel like she’s contradicting herself since I’m sitting right next to
Lillie-san right now. Furthermore, I still don’t know why I’m suddenly sitting
on a chair in this forest when I was supposed to be at Sieg-san’s home.

[I see, that’s indeed a fair question. My apologies, I should have explained
that one to you first.]

[...Eh?]

[First of all, our current situation is that we are now “conversing through our
magic power”. The conversation is based on the mutual perception of the other’s
magic power. Let’s see, you can think of it as having a conversation in a dream.
Although my appearance here should be the same as my real body... The scenery
you see now is probably a reflection of your image of me that you have conjured
up by perceiving my magic power.]

![Insert 1](../../_Images/v08/Insert1.jpg#.insert)

Lillie-san is explaining my question to me... but I haven’t said anything, have
I? Perhaps, could Lillie-san read minds like Shiro-san?

[To be precise, I’m just reading your surface thoughts from your magic power.
The principle behind it is the same as the way you usually sense other people’s
emotions. I was just reading deeper than you.]

[Eh? Does that mean... Lillie-san can also use Sympathy Magic?]

[No. It’s true that our abilities are similar in many ways, but there are some
differences. I just have a better ability to sense magic power than anyone else.
I don’t have the ability to adapt to magic power like you do... No, at least to
my knowledge, there has never been anyone capable of such an ability other than
you. This Sympathy Magic is your talent... Perhaps, it may be an ability unique
only to you.]

Saying this, Lillie-san smiled gently. How should I say this... I could
understand that Lillie-san is a very kind person just by talking to her for a
little while. The only thing I’m wondering about now is that Lillie-san’s eyes
have been closed since a few minutes ago. Is there a reason for this?

[There isn’t that big of a reason behind it. Putting it simply, I was born
“blind”, so I keep them closed. I could open them, but it wouldn’t be pleasant
to look at.]

[Ahh, I-I’m sorry!]

[No, don’t worry about it. I am the Spirit of a flower called the “Magic
Flower”, which is found only in the Demon Realm, deep in caves where light does
not reach. So, perhaps my blindness is caused by my origins being that of a
Magic Flower. Besides, even though I’m blind, I possess Perception Magic that is
superior to others. I can sense even the faintest magic power in the air, so to
be honest, it’s almost the same as being able to see.]

I see. Perhaps, because she was originally born from a flower that blooms in a
place where light can’t reach, having the same characteristic as this flower,
her eyes also don’t reflect light? Lillie-san doesn’t seem to be bothered by the
fact that she’s blind though, and if her Perception Magic was enough for her to
read the surface thoughts of others, I suppose it really would be no different
than being able to see. As I was thinking about this, Lillie-san smiled and
muttered.

[...I’ve originally been wanting to meet you.]

[Me?]

[Yes. Since you visited Rigforeshia this time, we were able to meet earlier than
I had expected, but even if we hadn’t met here, I was planning to go visit
Symphonia’s royal capital after I finished helping with the reconstruction.]

Those were words I hadn’t expected. The only connection I can think of between
Lillie-san and I was our connection with Lillywoid-san and our magic that was
somewhat similar. Would that really be a reason for her to come all the way from
the Demon Realm to see me? It’s probable that she was curious about me, who has
similar abilities to her, and decided to meet me on her way to Human Realm.

[Certainly, my curiosity in you was one of the reasons. However, there’s another
reason why I volunteered to help with the reconstruction effort that “Jutia was
originally supposed to be going to”.]

[What does that...]

[No, it’s not that big of a deal. I just wanted to ask you a question.]

Pausing for a moment after saying those words, Lillie-san turned to me and
quietly spoke.

[...Isn’t it difficult?]

[...Eh?]

[You have the ability to comprehend the emotions of others. However, that isn’t
always a good thing. Being able to feel even the malice of others, isn’t it
difficult?]

[.........]

This is probably based on Lillie-san’s experience. In fact, I would be lying if
I said I didn’t have an idea of what she was talking about. Bluntly speaking,
when I first came to this world, I felt incredibly uncomfortable around
Lilia-san’s mansion. Somehow, being in that place makes me feel that I was an
irregular existence. Thinking about it again, I believe it was probably because
of my Sympathy Magic and was unconsciously feeling the emotions of the people
around me. I remember that there were some people I found easy to talk to and
others I do not.

[I certainly have had those experiences. There were times I found it difficult.]

In the beginning, there were only a few people in Lilia-san’s mansion who were
friendly to me. Lilia-san, Lunamaria-san, Sieg-san... and then, Illness-san.
Just the four of them. However, that’s really only at the beginning. As I spent
time in the mansion and exchanged words with many people, the inside of the
mansion gradually became a place I’m comfortable with.

[However, I was blessed by my surroundings. There were at least a number of
people who certainly welcomed me wholeheartedly. So, it isn’t difficult now. In
fact, I feel very happy.]

[...I see.]

After hearing my response, Lillie-san smiled somewhat happily before speaking
again.

[...If you were feeling uncomfortable because of your ability, I was going to
suggest that you move to Yggfresis... the city ruled by Lillywood-sama. I
thought that with us having similar abilities, I would understand your distress
and be there to help you but... Fufu, I suppose my help wouldn’t be needed huh.]

[No, thank you for your concern.]

It’s only a guess, but I guess Lillie-san has had bad experiences in the past
due to her abilities. Perhaps, that’s why she was worried about me, who have a
similar ability as her and based on my situation, was trying to help me.

[...Now then, I don’t think we can just talk here too long. Let’s leave the
greetings at that. I will come by tomorrow to say my greetings again.]

[Yes... Ahh, I’m sorry. I don’t mean to be rude, but at that time, errr... may I
ask for your autograph?]

[Autograph? You’re asking for mine... Ahh, I see. You are going to give it to
your friend. Understood. Well then, I will have it prepared at that time.]

[Thank you.]

Remembering that Sieg-san had wanted Lillie-san’s autograph, I asked her just in
case... but Lillie-san readily agreed and promised to give it to us when she
comes to visit tomorrow. After thanking her several times, our conversation
ended and the scenery around me returned to Sieg-san’s house. Thereupon, I saw
Sieg-san and Rei-san looking at me curiously.

[Kaito-san, is something the matter? You suddenly stopped walking...]

[Eh? Errr, how long have I been in a daze right now?]

Hearing Sieg-san’s words of concern, a question popped in my head. I had been
talking a lot with Lillie-san just a while ago, but that would mean that I was
standing still this whole time...

Thereupon, Sieg-san curiously tilted her head, while Rei-san, seemingly
wondering why I asked that, responded.

[You just stood there for about “5 seconds”, is something the matter?]

[5 seconds?! N-No, actually...]

As I was feeling puzzled by the fact that I had been talking to Lillie-san for
so long but had apparently only stood still 5 seconds, I explained to them what
had just happened. Even though they were surprised, both of them listened to my
story until the end. After they finished listening to me, Rei-san muttered
something, looking like he was thinking about something.

[...With Lillie-sama’s capabilities, she would be able to easily use Space-Time
Magic, so there’s no question about the time discrepancy... but going all the
way to greet Miyama-kun, I guess that’s how much of an important person
Miyama-kun is to World King-sama huh.]

[T-That aside, Father... Lillie-sama’s coming to visit, does that mean she’s
going to come here?!]

The fact that Lillie-san is coming to visit really seems to be a big deal, as
the two of them started talking about her visit. They began talking about
cleaning and welcoming her, but Fia-san’s call brought them back to their
senses, and we headed downstairs to have a meal. When I arrived at the dining
room, I saw Fia-san laying out lots of food, and looking somewhat happy, Rei-san
spoke.

[Oya? It seems like we’re having a feast today.]

[Yes, Sieg-chan’s voice came back and Miyama-kun came to visit. I have to show
him my skills.]

[...They look delicious.]

[Mother is the one who taught me how to cook, so she’s pretty good at it.]

The food lined up on the dining table, had a homely atmosphere, looked very
tasty, and I could tell that Fia-san was a good cook just by looking at it.
Then, Rei-san and Sieg-san took their seats, while Fia-san smiled towards me,
pointing to an empty chair.

[Come now, Miyama-kun, sit down.]

[.........]

The moment I heard those words, a nostalgic scene flashed in my mind.

———Come on, Kaito. Sit down, Mom worked really hard today!

———D-D-Doesn’t this look a little extravagant?

———I mean, it’s Kaito’s birthday! I even baked a cake!

That was a really nostalgic memory. A memory of my childhood, filled with
happiness and love that I had taken for granted.

———Mom, isn’t this cake crushed flat?

———Ugghhh… T-That was because it couldn’t carry my love...

———It would be great if those words can cover that...

———You-said-some-thing, Dear?

———Sorry.

Thinking about it now, that cake was quite a terribly-made one... It was messed
up with cream here and there, the sponge was a bit burnt... but, it tasted
great.

[...Miyama-kun?]

[Ah, I’m sorry?! Excuse me.]

In a way, this is the first time I’ve seen the scene of a family sitting
together in harmony since I came to this world, and it seemed to remind me of
the past, making me freeze. After Rei-san called out to me, I sat down and a
little flustered, I clasped my hands together.

[ [ [ [ Thank you for the food. ] ] ] ]

[...Whoa, Fia, you really stepped up your game today huh?]

[Hmmm... Delicious. As expected, I still can’t compete with Mother.]

[Thanks, I’m Sieg-chan’s Mother after all. You won’t surpass my cooking skills
that easily.]

As I listened to their joy-filled voices, I brought the food into my mouth. I
see, Fia-san’s cooking certainly is very good... Its taste is homely yet simple,
but it’s so warm and inviting... How should I say this... It’s like the taste of
a mother’s home cooking. The flavor isn’t so thick, but it’s so delicious that
it slowly seeps into my body. It was just the way I liked it.

[Miyama-kun, what do you think?]

[Yes. It tastes really great.]

[That’s good—Miyama-kun?!]

[...Eh? A-Arehh?]

I responded to Fia-san’s question with a gentle smile on my face, but for some
reason, Fia-san looked at me with a startled expression on her face. I also
noticed from her reaction, that before I knew it, tears were running down my
cheeks.

[I-I’m sorry?! Did it not taste good?]

[Kaito-san, are you okay? Could it be that you aren’t feeling well...]

[Ah, no, that’s not it. This is, errr...]

Somehow, my tear glands seemed to have loosened up when I remembered Mom and
Dad. Hurriedly wiping my tears with my hand, I shook my head at Fia-san and
Sieg-san who are concernedly asking me, while Rei-san looked at me with equally
concerned eyes.

[...It’s just that I was slightly reminded of my parents...]

[...No, it’s not surprising. It can’t be helped if you remember your parents
back in your world.]

[...No, my parents... they passed away back when I was a young child.]

[...I see, I’m sorry.]

[No, it was a really long time ago, and I’ve already sorted out my feelings.]

...I’d be lying if I said I didn’t feel lonely without my parents. I still
remember Mom and Dad well. However, I’ve already got my answers about my
parents’ deaths in my own way. My parents probably wouldn’t feel relieved if I
just stood still and grieved... Thanks to Kuro, I’m able to think that way.

[...It’s just that, errr, how should I say this... I slightly remembered when we
were all together for dinner as a family.]

[Kaito-san’s parents must have been very kind people.]

[Yes... Ahhh, they were slightly like Rei-san and Fia-san, my parents were
cheerful people.]

Unnn, Rei-san and Fia-san really are a lot like Mom and Dad. Dad was usually
very cheerful, and he would sometimes say a few unnecessary words that made Mom
mad at him, but he was a great father who was very kind and dependable. Mom was
always cheerful and smiling, and even though she was very clumsy and not very
good at housework, she was always positive and cheerful.

[...Miyama-kun, another helping?]

[Eh? Ah, yes. That would be great.]

[Unnn, then, I’ll get you some more.]

[Thank you.]

As if to brush away the mood that had become a bit gloomy, Fia-san cheerfully
said that and gave me another helping.

[Miyama-kun, just like Fia said on the way here, you can always think of our
place as your home.]

[Ah, yes. Thank you.]

[Of course, you can consider me as family. If you and Sieg get married, you will
actually be one anyway... So, you can just directly call me
father-in-law—Bfuheee?!]

[...Geez... You’re really incorrigible...]

[Ahahaha.]

Their gentle concern naturally brought a smile to my face. I guess you could say
that it was unfortunate that I lost my parents early... However, I feel really
fortunate for the bonds I have today. I have people who care about me. I have
people who comfort me when I’m down... I think that is truly, miraculously, a
blessing.

Dear Mom, Dad—I would be lying if I said I completely got over your deaths.
However, you don’t have to worry about me. I’m fine here, and I’m feeling happy
from the bottom of my heart. I may need a long time before I can become a
full-fledged adult, but even today—I’m still smiling.
