---
toc: true
---

# Intermission: Six Kings —Preparing for the Six Kings Festival

The 8th Day of the Wind month.

In the Forbidden Lands, in the center of the Demon Realm, a meeting between the
Six Kings, which had recently increased in frequency, was being held. The agenda
for the meeting was to discuss the details of the Six Kings Festival, which was
previously decided to be held, and since it was the first time that this
festival would be held in history, it was necessary to compare and adjust the
basic aspects of the festival. However, just as usual, only five of the kings
were participating in the meeting as usual, while the War King Megiddo was
drinking alcohol and “leaving the decision to Kuromueina”.

[...So, the festival that each of us will be producing will have a total of six
days of festivities, and at the end, we’ll have the seventh day of festivities
that will be like a big banquet for all of us to get together, making the
festival a total of 7 days.]

[I see, I don’t disagree with that but... there’s something I’ve been worried
about since this agenda came up... What about the location of this festival?
Putting the 5 of us aside, if Magnawell-san is going to be there, we’re going to
need a pretty open space, right?]

“Fumu, indeed... My subordinates also had big statures.”

[...Is this place... no good?]

“Wouldn’t it be difficult? This place is feared as the Forbidden Lands for the
people of the Demon Realm because this is the place used for our battles. The
residual magic power left around this area is too dense and the species that are
sensitive to magic power will be afraid of coming.”

The Six Kings are currently discussing where to hold the Six Kings Festival.
Since Magnawell will be there, a place of an ordinary size would be impossible,
and there isn’t much time left before the end of the Fire month, which is when
they were planning to conduct the festival. They prefer a place where the
festival can be held immediately, close to a Teleportation Gate, and large
enough for large Dragon species, including Magnawell, to participate... Even the
Six Kings who were familiar with the Demon Realm couldn’t immediately think of a
place that met such conditions.

However, as Shalltear, Magnawell, Isis, and Lillywood are discussing this matter
with troubled expressions on their faces, Kuromueina, the one who had initiated
this matter, opened her mouth with a confident look on her face.

[As for the location, it’s alright already. I’ve already taken care of it...]

[...Kuromueina did?]

[Unnn. Well, the additional “7th day” was added as a requirement to get that
place ready though.]

“Come to think of it, you originally said it would be only for six days...”

As for the place that Isis and the others couldn’t think of, it seems that
Kuromueina had found a possible location, and as a condition for securing that
place, the Six Kings Festival that was originally scheduled to be in 6 days had
gained an additional 7th day.

[Well, it’s better to see rather than just explaining it. Let’s move towards
that place.]

Saying that, Kuromueina conjured a Teleportation Magic circle so huge that it
enveloped Magnawell, and transferred the Six Kings to her desired location.

[...Kuro-san... Can I ask you one thing?]

[Unnn? What is it?]

[...Where is this place? Was there ever an “island” in the Demon Realm that was
so absurdly large and scenic, and even had a gate?!]

“Hmmm, this place certainly fits all the criteria... but even I don’t know where
we are...”

The place they arrived at with Kuromueina’s Teleportation Magic is a very large
island, and the grasslands are spread out without any obstacles all over the
place, and for some reason, there are even several gates that the other members
of the Six Kings have never seen before. Frankly speaking, this place is
perfect, but it’s hard to believe that such a large and well-located island
exists untouched.

[This island is located in the furthest east, around the eastern edge of the
Demon Realm.]

“...If I remember correctly, this area is supposed to just have seas, and I
don’t think there was an island like this one in that place...”

[Unnn, “this island wasn’t here until yesterday”.]

[...What do... you mean?]

[I got this from our “sponsor”.]

[...Whoa there, is it just my imagination? I just had a horrible feeling about
this. Specifically, she isn’t supposed to be someone who would get involved with
this sort of thing, but I feel like a certain top-ranked person is getting
involved here...]

By Kuromueina’s words... This is an island that didn’t exist until yesterday and
it appeared today, and it’s a place with the best conditions for the Six Kings,
and before they knew it, there were even multiple gates built here. Just hearing
the word “sponsor”... The other members of the Six Kings had an idea of who the
being who could do something as nonsensical as that possible, completely
ignoring common sense.

“...Could it be, that sponsor is...”

[Unnn... It’s “Shiro”!]

[...What are you doing... Top of the God Realm.]

As they had expected, it seems that the one who created this island in one night
is the God of Creation, Shallow Vernal, and realizing that it is indeed the
truth, the Six Kings, excluding Kuromueina and Megiddo, have stunned expressions
on their faces. It’s true that Shallow Vernal could easily make an island like
that without any difficulty. However, she originally doesn’t have that kind of
personality... that would help with the Six Kings Festival, an event in the
Demon Realm...

“However, I’m just glad that the Creator God is cooperating with us. I thought
she wouldn’t care about this matter...”

[Ah, unnn... The reason why the festival would be held for 7 days, the condition
why she would help us out is that “she would be going around with Kaito-kun” on
the 7th day. Well, of course, I made sure to tell Shiro to ask permission from
Kaito-kun first.]

[...As expected... of Kaito... amazing.]

“No, Isis... I know that you like Kaito-san, but you just agreed on that
reasoning too fast.”

Although Kaito actually did not do anything, there’s already an equation in
Isis’ mind, where “Thanks to Kaito, Shallow Vernal cooperated with them”, though
it isn’t really wrong in some ways, and thinking about Kaito, Isis has a happy
smile on her face. As she glanced at such an Isis, Kuromueina recalled the
conversation she had with Shallow Vernal not long ago.

---

Sanctuary, God Realm.

In the place where the two of them usually drink tea together, Kuromueina and
Shallow Vernal were facing each other.

[...So, Shiro. That’s why I’d like you to help us prepare a place...]

[I don’t mind, but I have a condition.]

[You agreed very quickly. Even though I thought you’d say you aren’t
interested... I’m kind of nervous about that condition.]

[I want to have a festival date with Kaito-san too.]

[...Unnn?]

Kuromueina, wondering what kind of impossible task she would be asked to do,
tilted her head upon the words she hadn’t expected. Deciding that Kuromueina may
not have heard what she said, Shallow Vernal repeated her words again.

[I want to have a festival date with Kaito-san too.]

[...Then, why do you just do it? The Six Kings Festival has six days... No, of
course, that’s if Kaito-san is alright with it.]

[I want to go on a date with Kaito-san for all six days.]

[...No.]

Kuromueina thought her condition was fine, but Shallow Vernal went way beyond
her expectations. If Shallow Vernal goes on a date with Kaito for all those six
days, her purpose for which she wanted to hold the Six Kings Festival will not
be fulfilled, so Kuromueina naturally rejected her. Thereupon, Shallow Vernal
opened her mouth again.

[...In that case, you should make it so that we’ll be able to enjoy all the
factors related to those six days.]

[You mean, make a 7th day and collect all the attractions that were popular
during the six days leading up to it? It’s not that it can’t be done but...]

[No, it doesn’t matter if it’s an unpopular attraction. Please assemble all the
“attractions that Kaito-san visited during all those six days”.]

[...I’ll ask just in case. Why?]

[It’s not fair that other people can enjoy something that Kaito-san and I
couldn’t together. At worst, it’s fine if it was just other people, but make
sure to include all the attractions that Kuro and Kaito-san visited. Just Kuro
is unfair.]

[.........]

Seeing Shallow Vernal speaking in such a way that doesn’t seem to give her any
margin, Kuromueina was stunned. Even though Kuromueina had known her for a long
time, this was the first time she had ever seen Shallow Vernal act selfishly.

[H-Hmmm... I understand. That’s fine with me, but make sure you get Kaito-kun’s
approval, okay? If Kaito-kun doesn’t want it, you can’t do that.]

[Why are you telling me that? You’re the one making plans to go on a date
without his permission...]

[I’m his lover, so it’s fine!]

[Always just Kuro is unfair.]

[N-No, saying that’s unfair... What’s the matter, Shiro? You’re kinda feeling
strangely snappy... I mean, you’re acting strange, you know?]

[...No, it’s nothing. Under these conditions, I will cooperate.]

Not wanting the subject to be touched any further, Shallow Vernal cut off the
conversation short and removed her gaze away from Kuromueina. Kuromueina herself
doesn’t intend to pursue this matter further, and after discussing the details
about their cooperation, she left the Sanctuary.

---

(Somehow, lately... Shiro was sometimes being coercive, or rather, it kinda
feels like she’s dissatisfied with something... I wonder what’s the matter with
her?)

Recalling her conversation with Shallow Vernal, such a question popped into her
mind, but she couldn’t find the answer. Shaking those thoughts away, Kuromueina
spoke.

[Well, that’s why, if we have any trouble regarding the Six Kings Festival,
Shiro will help us!]

[...Shouldn’t we just leave everything for Shallow Vernal-sama to do then?]

[It’s just when we’re really troubled about something, okay? If it’s something
basic, we should handle that ourselves.]

[...Roger that.]

After receiving Kuromueina’s explanation, Shalltear was also convinced, although
she couldn’t hide her surprise, and the Six Kings, with the exception of
Megiddo, began the meeting again.

[So, regarding the “invitations”... Have you all decided how much you give out?]

[...I’ll send... to Kaito.]

“To a certain extent...”

“That’s also the case for me.”

[Me too... What about you, Megiddo-san?]

[Ahh? Ahh, I let Bacchus handle it.]

[...I guess that’s the right decision.]

As this is the first time that the Six Kings Festival is held, it was decided
that the Six Kings Festival would be held by invitations only. It seems that
everyone has already decided who they’re going to send their invitations to,
other than Megiddo, who wasn’t good at thinking about such details and left it
up to his subordinates, so that would mean that preparations are in order.

[Then, assuming that we would send it so that it arrives during the Wind month
as we planned... As for those invitations, could we leave making them to you,
Shalltear?]

[Yes, it’s no problem with me.]

[I’m counting on you with that then. Then, Lillywood, I’ll leave the
construction of the establishments to you.]

“Please leave it to me.”

[Magnawell, develop a transportation means... to help the invited guests who
live in an area far from the Gates.]

“Umu, I’ll remember that.”

[I’ll let Megiddo pick the guards for the duration of the event, so make sure
you pick out the strong and serious children.]

[Yeah!]

Kuromueina gave instructions one by one, but the last remaining member of the
Six Kings... Looking at Isis, she has a slightly troubled look on her face. Isis
is better at destroying things than creating them, and her magic power of death
makes it impossible for her to negotiate with others, but if she doesn’t do
anything, she would get depressed. After thinking for a moment, Kuromueina
glanced at Lillywood, and with an apologetic look, she spoke.

[Isis... errr, Isis... You go “help” Lillywood.]

“Wait, Kuromueina?!”

[...Unnn... Alright... I’ll help her.]

“......”

Lillywood, who understood what Kuromueina was trying to say, had a look of
despair on her face, but she couldn’t say anything to Isis, who was clenching
her small fist, looking so motivated, and with a resigned look on her face, she
hung her head down.
