---
toc: true
---

# Epilogue

Who could have foreseen such a thing happening, even in their dreams?

Making use of the Hero Summoning to summon otherworlders has already become
common knowledge in the world. It’s because such a thing has become a matter of
course, because everyone has become familiar with such a thing... that no one
had questioned it. No, perhaps... “they had been manipulated by someone so that
they don’t question it”. The Hero Summoning is a tremendous technique that
transcends the barriers between worlds, allowing the user to call people from
another world. However, such a tremendous technique... “Who is it that created
it”?

The first summoning took place a thousand years ago in the Human Realm. However,
were the Humans of that time capable of creating such a technique? Even though a
thousand years has passed and no one has been able to reproduce the same
technique...

That being the case, the only person who could have created the magic circle for
Hero Summoning would have been the Creator God, Shallow Vernal.

However, why is it that this God created this magic circle? To save Humanity?
That’s not possible. If that’s what she had wanted, the events of that time
could have been easily solved by Shallow Vernal wielding the faintest of her
omnipotent magic power. That God is also the kind of being who cares about the
rift between the Demon Realm and the Human Realm.

No, rather than that... It may be that “all premises were mistaken”. “Since
when” has the magic circle for the Hero Summoning existed in the Human Realm?
Why did Shallow Vernal create the Human Realm, “which did not exist 20,000 years
ago”, and why did she create the Humans living there?

Shallow Vernal sometimes referred to a certain being as “Singularity”.

Upon her investigation, Alice, the Phantasmal King, considered that Miyama Kaito
was summoned by Kuromueina’s magic power because he had the qualities to fulfill
Kuromueina’s wishes. She definitely was not mistaken. With her exceptional
intellect, she had seen through the definite truth.

However, the truth isn’t always one and the same.

Was the being named Miyama Kaito really sought only by Kuromueina? Why was
Miyama Kaito chosen? This matter could have been simply ended by the words “It
was but a coincidence”. However, the truth is, if you look at the situation
differently, you will find another answer.

What if... Miyama Kaito wasn’t accidentally summoned to this world because of
Kuromueina’s interference with the Summoning Magic Circle?

What if Miyama Kaito isn’t only the singularity for Kuromueina... “but a
Singularity for someone else” as well?

Having this in mind, the colors of the truth start changing. Perhaps... He may
be “a being sought by someone who could see into the future”. If that were the
case, wouldn’t the premises change?

What if the future that the being sought, “a future where she is together with
her singularity, Miyama Kaito”... has been “unintentionally changed by another
being”? What if, because of this being’s special characteristic of “being able
to nullify Shallow Vernal’s power”, she had distorted the wheels that were set
in motion and advanced the pointer to a future that wasn’t meant to be?

Wouldn’t that be tantamount to “stealing what she desired” for this God?

[...Why... How did this happen...]

The God is shaken. Dark emotions filled her heart, emotions that she still can’t
fully express, she thought of the future that will never come...

The gears of time had started to move askew. The Singularity has already
appeared in this world. There may no longer be any point in discussing who
really was the beginning.

And yet, the God still wailed.

Even as her expression and voice remained the same, she still cried out in her
heart.

Seeking what she had lost... The Destruction God of the Apocalypse, Shallow
Vernal, unnoticed by anyone, has now begun to move.
