---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 3: The Elf who Can't Use Nature Magic

After Sieg-san’s confession, we officially became lovers. However, that doesn’t
mean that the way we treat each other is going to abruptly change, as after we
drank our tea and continued chatting, we got up to resume our walk in the
forest.

[...It isn’t that interesting of a story, but I want to tell you a little about
me.]

After saying this, Sieg-san began to talk with a small smile on her face.

[Have you noticed it? When we arrived in Rigforeshia, until we arrived home...
there were many Elves who talked to Kaito-san, but “not a single elf talked to
me”...]

[Come to think of it...]

Now that she mentioned it, I certainly don’t remember anyone calling out to
Sieg-san, and I think that’s strange. After all, Rigforeshia is Sieg-san’s
hometown. If I remember correctly, Sieg-san moved to the royal capital more than
a decade ago...

[Ummm, this might be a rude question to ask... but Sieg-san is now...]

[I’m 34 years old. The Elves are a long-lived species though, so my appearance
will stay the same for another 200 years or so.]

Sieg-san is 34 years old. This means that she must have lived in Rigforeshia for
at least 20 years. And yet, not only this time, but even during the Sacred Tree
Festival, I had never seen Sieg-san with any elf other than her parents.

[...I’m a “dimwitted Elf” after all.]

[Eh? B-But Sieg-san is...]

If I remember correctly, Sieg-san is among the five most powerful people in the
country, so I can’t think how the word “dimwitted” can be applied to her. I’m
not sure if she understood my doubts or not, but Sieg-san chuckled a bit before
answering.

[I guess that was a bad way to say it. I guess it’s more correct to say I’m
dimwitted as an Elf.]

[...Can I ask why?]

[Yes. Though I say that, the reason is quite simple. The Elves are a race that
lives with nature. So, regardless of their talent, any member of the Elves has
an aptitude for Nature Magic or Spirit Magic, either Wind-attributed or
Earth-attributed. However, even though it was extremely seldom, there are those
who don’t have such talents that should be natural for Elves.]

[And Sieg-san was one of them?]

I understood what Sieg-san said. I certainly have never seen her use Wind or
Earth-Attribute Magic. What she always used... was Fire-Attribute Magic.

[Yes. I’m one of the extremely rare Elves with absolutely no aptitude for either
Nature or Spirit Magic. Moreover, my greatest aptitude was for the flames, the
element that burns the forest. That’s the reason why.]

[.........]

[Especially since my mother was a Spirit Mage that the Head Spirit Mage called
her rival, and my father was a Mage so highly skilled that the king bowed down
to invite him... Being their daughter, the people around us had high
expectations of me... but unfortunately, I have an aptitude that you can’t
exactly call Elf-like.]

Sieg-san says it like it’s nothing, but I think this is a very heavy subject.
She was unable to do what the Elves of her age around her can do as a matter of
course. She must have been in a terribly difficult situation.

[Well, that didn’t mean I was persecuted or anything like that, you know? Both
Father and Mother were outspoken within the Elven tribe, and although I didn’t
have an aptitude for Nature or Spirit Magic, I fortunately do have the talent.
Well, that’s why people used to say “If only you were a proper Elf”, but that
was a long time ago.]

[...Sieg-san.]

[Perhaps, that might be why... I admired you who, despite your difficult
circumstances, looked straight ahead and tried to change. I would be lying if I
said I don’t care about it at all now, but I think the situation is fine. After
all, you see, it was because I didn’t want to go back to Rigforeshia so much and
tried to stay with Lili after I was injured that I was able to meet Kaito-san.
When I think about it that way, strange it may sound, but I’m glad I didn’t have
an aptitude for Nature Magic.]

[I suppose... I can’t say I completely understand Sieg-san’s suffering... but
even so, I’m glad to have learned one thing new about Sieg-san.]

I felt it was somehow wrong to offer words of comfort when Sieg-san herself was
so convinced. So, I told her that I was glad to know more about her now that we
had become lovers. Hearing my words, Sieg-san happily smiled.

[...Kaito-san really is a wonderful man.]

I felt that Sieg-san’s expression was dazzlingly bright as she told me this.
After chatting with Sieg-san for a while, we resumed our stroll. Earlier,
Sieg-san was walking in front of me, while I followed behind her, but this time,
we started walking next to each other. Maybe it’s because we’re now so close,
but I can smell a nice citrusy scent wafting from Sieg-san. Is it perfume? It’s
typical for Sieg-san to have a fresh, gentle scent... and since I’m starting to
think of Sieg-san as a woman, smelling her scent is kind of making me very
nervous now. As we continued walking for a while, Sieg-san’s hand unexpectedly
touched mine and slowly held my hand.

[...Eh?]

[S-Something like this... i-is the least lovers can do...]

[Y-Yes!]

Her surprisingly soft hands... I don’t know if it’s because my temperature is
higher than her, but her hand is cooler than mine. Her little hand that fits
perfectly in mine was lovely, making me feel that Sieg-san was a woman.

[...It kind of feels nice, isn’t it? Walking like this...]

[...Are you talking about us holding hands?]

[There’s also that but... the fact that I’m walking “next” to you like this...
makes me feel like I’m closer to you, Kaito-san.]

[...Sieg-san.]

Hearing Sieg-san’s words with a happy look on her face, I tightened my grip on
her hand a little more. It seems that my feelings were firmly conveyed, as
Sieg-san also squeezed back my hand. At the same time as my tension gradually
raised my body temperature, not the kind of tension where my body just burned
hot, the happiness of being with Sieg-san in this way also grew stronger with
each step forward. As I walked leisurely through the forest, holding hands with
Sieg-san, I suddenly felt a strange sensation. I don’t know how to describe
it... but I feel like there’s someone ahead of us, in a place I can’t see.

[Kaito-san? Is something the matter?]

[Ah, errr... I have this strange feeling that there’s someone over there.]

Pointing in the direction of an area within the forest, Sieg-san curiously
tilted her head.

[...I can’t feel anyone’s presence though...]

[Ehh, I could tell there was someone there, but I can’t tell who it is.]

[Is it because of Kaito-san’s Sympathy Magic?]

[I think so too, but this is the first time I’ve felt this...]

Yes, I have never experienced this feeling from my Sympathy Magic before. It
even feels as if I’m being called.

[Should we check it out?]

[I’m sorry for suddenly saying something strange.]

[Don’t worry about it. Besides, if we just left like this, we’ll both remain
curious about it. Since we’re here, let’s check it out.]

[Yes.]

Nodding at Sieg-san’s kind offer, we both started walking towards the presence I
had sensed. As we walked for a while, the presence gradually became clearer and
clearer, and I found out who was there.

[Sieg-san, I understand now. I know who’s up ahead.]

[Who is it?]

[...It’s Lillie-san.]

[Eh? L-Lillie-sama?!]

[Yes, that clears up why I felt that. I think this strange feeling I had is a
resonance between my Sympathy Magic and Lillie-san’s Perception Magic, abilities
which are rather similar. Perhaps, no, I’m sure Lillie-san had also noticed us.]

Hearing my words, Sieg-san looked a little flustered and started checking her
appearance. It seems like she admires her, so I guess she must be nervous when
she meets her. As I was thinking about this, we arrived at an open area... that
looked like a plaza, with no trees growing in it. Casually moving my gauze, I
saw Lillie-san kneeling on both knees in a prayer.

When I approached her, a little puzzled by her appearance, which seemed somewhat
sacred, she slowly stood up and turned to me.

[Hello, Miyama Kaito-san. Even though we greeted each other yesterday... This
would technically be the first time we have met face to face. Unexpectedly it
may be, I’m glad to have encountered you here.]

[Hello, Lillie-san.]

After Lillie-san greeted me in a polite tone of voice, I slightly bowed her head
towards her.

[Oya? I believe this is the first time we’ve met, yes? My name is Lillie. It’s a
pleasure to make your acquaintance.]

[Ah, y-y-yes! I-I am...!

[You are Sieglinde-san, yes? I’m very happy to have met you. Please make
yourself comfortable.]

[Y-Yes.]

It seems that Sieg-san is more nervous than I expected. Even though she admires
her, it feels like she doesn’t know what to say when she actually met her.
Although with Lillie-san, the other party doesn’t really have to talk for her
thoughts to get through...

[...An autograph, is it? Yes, of course, I don’t mind.]

[Ahh, that’s not...! M-My apologies. Please forgive my rudeness!]

She probably thought in her head that she wanted an autograph. Hearing
Lillie-san’s response to that, Sieg-san turned pale.

[Errr, Lillie-san. Actually, my request yesterday is...]

[I see, so the autograph is for her, yes? That being the case, since you have a
connection with Miyama Kaito-san, I will prepare something a little special for
you.]

After Lillie-san said this, she took a petal from a red flower that grew on
either side of her head, wrote her signature on it, and then presented it to
Sieg-san.

[How about this?]

[Awawawa... W-Would it be alright for me to receive something like this?]

[Of course.]

[T-Thank you very much!]

Sieg-san stiffened when the petal was held out to her, but she still accepted it
and carefully put it away in her magic box. After watching her act like that,
Lillie-san spoke again.

[By the way, are you friends?]

[Errr, how should I say this...]

[Oya? I see that you have become lovers. Congratulations, I give you my
sincerest blessings.]

[Thank you.]

Before I could think of how to explain it, Lillie-san, who had read my surface
thoughts, smiled and gave me her blessing. How should I say this... Talking with
Lillie-san, who could read my surface thoughts, the conversation proceeds
quickly. She immediately understood what we wanted to say, and the story’s tempo
is fast. I feel an ease of talking with her unlike when I’m talking with Kuro
and Alice. If I had to describe it, it’s almost like I’m talking with Shiro-san.

[.........]

[Lillie-san?]

[No, I think that was a strange way of thinking... People would normally be
creeped out by this... but I guess you were quite accepting huh.]

It’s true that being able to read minds may make others avoid her, but
Lillie-san is only reading people’s surface thoughts. Since she doesn’t really
read deep into your mind, I think she’s rather easy to talk to. Seeing me like
this, Lillie-san smiled somewhat happily, then turning to Sieg-san, she spoke.

[By the way... Is that distress I’m feeling? It seems like there’s something
stuck in your mind.]

[?!]

[Meeting you here must be fate. If you’re alright with me, you can consult with
me, you know?]

The expression on Sieg-san’s face looked as if Lillie-san got it right. Then,
after a short pause, she spoke.

[...I can’t exactly say I’m distressed about it, but I would like to become
stronger than I am now. Recently, I have had many opportunities to realize that
I am not strong enough.]

The opportunities Sieg-san was talking about when she felt that she wasn’t
strong enough was probably about that incident with Megiddo-san. Although
Sieg-san defeated Eta, she may have felt inadequate at her battle against Sigma
and Bacchus-san after that. However, she didn’t seem to be that seriously
troubled about it, which was a bit of a relief. After hearing Sieg-san’s words,
Lillie-san thought for a moment before speaking with a cheerful voice.

[That being the case, how about you train your Nature Magic or Spirit Magic?
Magic that borrows power from its surroundings is capable of demonstrating power
beyond its user’s own limits, you know?]

[.........]

[...Oya?]

Now this is quite a troubling situation. I guess Lillie-san normally gives that
advice to Elves, but unfortunately, Sieg-san is...

[...My apologies, Lillie-sama. I have no aptitude for either Nature Magic or
Spirit Magic, and am unable to use it.]

[I-Is that so? Please excuse my rudeness... However, for a “High Elf” like you
to be unable to use Nature Magic, that’s as strange as hearing a Mermaid who
can’t swim.]

[Indeed. The High Elves, the Special Individual of the Elves who are said to
evolve because they were loved by nature, being unable to use Nature Magic is...
Eh?]

As if time had stopped, silence fell around us. Then, after a few moments,
Sieg-san spoke, looking somewhat puzzled.

[U-Ummm, Lillie-sama... I’m not a High Elf, I’m just a normal Elf though?]

When Sieg-san told her this, Lillie-san dubiously looked at her.

[A normal Elf? No, you’re definitely a High Elf though? As a Spirit, there’s no
way I would mistake the magic power of an Elf for that of a High Elf. ]

[...Eh? Eeehhh?]

It seems that Lillie-san is convinced that Sieg-san is a Special Individual of
the Elves, but Sieg-san doesn’t seem to have any idea what she’s talking about
at all. Thereupon, Lillie-san put her hand on her chin and pondered for a
moment, and seemingly having come up with something, she spoke.

[...By some chance, have you eaten the “Fruit of the World Tree”?]

[Eh? Ah, yes. I have eaten one of them.]

[The “Fruit of the World Tree” in which Lillywood-sama’s power resides is a
cluster of Nature Magic Power. It’s just my conjecture, but eating it may have
caused your body to possess a large amount of Nature Magic Power and you evolved
into a High Elf.]

[H-Huhh... I-I see... That means, I am now?]

[That you are in fact able to use Nature Magic and Spirit Magic without any
problems. Rather, I certainly would like to see a High Elf that can’t use it.]

[Uuu...]

Hearing Lillie-san’s words, Sieg-san looked somewhat shocked and yet, she also
seemed to be overcome with emotions. I guess it isn’t that strange. Although
Sieg-san spoke about it as if it was nothing, the fact that she couldn’t use
Nature Magic and Spirit Magic that other Elves could use as a matter of course
was surely weighing heavily on her shoulders. I’m sure she had wondered not just
once or twice what it was like if she was able to use them. If so, as for what I
should say to such a Sieg-san... that should be given already.

[...I’m happy for you, Sieg-san.]

[Yes... It’s thanks... to Kaito-san.]

As Sieg-san clung to me, tears spilling down her face, I hugged Sieg-san as
gently as I could. Although this was unexpected, this was truly a joyous
occasion. With this in mind, I continued to stroke Sieg-san’s head as she cried.
After a while, when Sieg-san stopped crying, as if she had been waiting for that
moment, Lillie-san spoke.

[As I recall, your name is Sieglinde-san, yes?]

[Y-Yes!]

[If you like, how about I teach you how to fight a bit?]

[...Eh?]

Sieg-san looked stunned, as if she couldn’t believe what Lillie-san said. I
guess it’s not unreasonable. Lillie-san is the World King’s Head Subordinate,
and her position as well as her abilities must be among the top within the
Count-ranks. She must be feeling humbled when such a Lillie-san offered to give
her her teachings.

[If you’re in the middle of a date, we can do it on another day... but I think
it must be fate that we’ve become acquainted like this. If you want to be
stronger, I can at least give you some simple advice.]

[.........]

Sieg-san glanced at me as she listened to Lillie-san’s words.

[Sieg-san, since we’re at it, how about accepting her guidance?]

[I-Is that alright?]

[Yes, since there’s a great opportunity, accept it. I’ll be observing you.]

Sieg-san seemed like she would be receiving guidance from Lillie-san, and since
we can have as many dates as we want again in the future, I suggested that she
receive the guidance now. After thinking about it for a moment, Sieg-san deeply
bowed to me, before she turned to Lillie-san and spoke.

[...Lillie-sama, I’d appreciate it very much.]

[Yes, well then, let’s start with the basics of how to use Nature Magic.]

With that, Lillie-san beckoned Sieg-san over and began instructing her in the
center of the open space. Watching them from a little distance, I called out to
the guy behind me.

[Reliable Commentator, come here.]

[...Transcendental Beauty.]

[Reliable Transcendental Beauty Commentator, come here.]

[Yes, yes.]

She’s kinda spouting her annoyingness again, but Alice is really dependable in
this kind of situation. I would be very grateful for a commentary here, because
as usual, when Sieg-san and Lillie-san were having a bout, I won’t be able to
see what’s happening, so it would be very nice to have her commentary.

[Lillie-san is the World King’s Head Subordinate, so I guess she would be very
strong huh?]

[She’s strong. Compared to Funf-san, who Kaito-san met before... She’s
stronger.]

[That’s quite outrageous...]

[Though I say that, Lillie-san basically fights defensively. She almost never
initiates attacks on her own. What’s troublesome is her “Flower Haven” and
“Illusion Tree”.]

As usual, I tilted my head when I heard unfamiliar terms that sounded like
they’re special techniques, and Alice smiled and explained them to me in turn.

[First, “Flower Haven” is a counter technique. It’s an omni-directional defense
that makes use of her world’s top-level Perception Magic. With it, whether the
attack is magical or physical, she would reverse it and amplify it with the Law
of Causality, reflecting their attacks with five times the power. To break it,
you must at least have the power to interfere with the Law of Causality.]

[Just from hearing about it, that sounds like an outrageous cheaty technique.]

[And then, the “Illusion Tree” is a technique that makes it so that a phenomenon
that happened to you looks like it didn’t occur, kind of like a nullification
ability that postpones the damage she received for later. As long as she has
this, even if one breaks the “Flower Haven”, they can’t inflict any damage on
Lillie-san. Well, I suppose it’s actually more correct to say that even if they
do inflict damage to her, it would be as if that never happened.]

[...Doesn’t that make her invincible?]

A-As expected of a Peak Count-rank. They are invincible, she’s like one of those
enemies that appear in the events you’re set to lose in RPGs.

[Well, putting aside the Six Kings and the Supreme Gods, you can count on one
hand those who were able to get through Lillie-san’s defenses. Of course,
Alice-chan here can handle her quite easily! Well, it would still take me about
40 seconds to beat her.]

[So you’re saying that Lillie-san, Alice needing 40 seconds to defeat, was a
good thing?]

[Of course. She may not be as strong as the Six Kings, but she definitely has
the strength that exceeds human intellect.]

Rather, Alice can defeat Lillie-san who has such unreasonable defensive
abilities in just 40 seconds huh... Seriously, how strong is this guy?

[...In this world, how strong is Alice?]

[Let’s see. The only people I can say for sure that I can’t beat are Kuro-san
and Shallow Vernal-sama.]

[That makes you the third strongest person in the world... That’s outrageous.]

[Well, I think that Kaito-san, who interacts with not just the third strongest
person in the world, but the world’s ten strongest people in the world, is more
outrageous... You’re blessed with connections, or rather, with this level, I
think you’re cursed with your connections.]

[...I can’t deny that.]

While I was chatting with Alice like that, I saw Sieg-san and Lillie-san stand
up and after taking a distance from each other, they turned towards each other.

[It seems that they’re going to have some light spar.]

[Errr, would Sieg-san be alright? With that reflection ability of hers...]

[No, as expected, I don’t think she’ll use her “Flower Haven” at a time like
this.]

Just as Alice said those words, Sieg-san kicked off the ground and instantly
swung her sword towards Lillie-san. From my eyes though, it looked as if
Sieg-san performed an instant transmission.

[Heehhh... That was one of the Nature Magics... It’s a magic that gathers that
magic power in one’s surroundings and adds them to your own. For someone who
used it for the first time, she did it quite well.]

[I-I see. That’s why Sieg-san was so fast... wait, arehh? Lillie-san hasn’t
moved, has she? Then, why don’t Sieg-san’s attacks hit her?]

Ahead of my gaze, Sieg-san was swinging her twin swords with such speed that
afterimages remained, but even when Lillie-san hadn’t moved a single step,
Sieg-san’s swords were slipping past her.

[No, she’s avoiding her attacks.]

[Eh? No...]

[It just looks like she’s not moving because she’s dodging with minimal movement
before instantly returning to her original location. Although it still depends
on the individuals, it takes a human 0.1 second to confirm something by sight.
Therefore, if an object moves at a higher speed than that, your eyes wouldn’t be
able to become aware of it.]

[I-I see...]

[Well, this is only the case without using magic power. It will be different if
one’s visual perception is strengthened and reflexes are sharpened by magic
power. For example, in the case of Lilia-san, whose ability is broken among the
Humans, her visual perception speed would be about 1/200,000,000 seconds and her
reaction time is about 1/100,000,000 seconds... To put it plainly, there would
be a slight delay before she could react from attacks that are at the speed of
light.]

[Eh? Lilia-san is that outrageous?]

There would be a slight delay before she could react from attacks that are at a
speed of light... In other words, she can react to the speed of light. Once
again, I realized that Lilia-san is outrageous. I had heard from Anima that she
was so powerful that she was so powerful that she could be called a Special
Individual of the Humans, but for her to be that powerful...

[Well, you could say she’s some sort of bug character whose talent alone is the
best in the world. If we compare it to an RPG, which Kaito-san is familiar with,
a normal person’s status board increases by 3-5 points per level up, whereas
Lilia-san’s status board grows by 100-1000 points per level up. If she continues
to grow steadily like that, after about 5000 years, she may become the first
Human to be strong enough to compete with the Six Kings and the Supreme Gods.]

[Even if you say 5000 years, Lilia-san is a Human, so she can’t live that
long...]

[Ahh\~\~ Well, I guess that might be the case. Anyway, even though Sieg-san is
inferior to Lilia-san, she has enough ability to cope with the speed of sound,
and I think she can see some of Lillie-san’s movements as well... but Lillie-san
was “the slowest” among the Six Kings’ executives.]

[.........]

Lillie-san, who to my eyes doesn’t seem to be moving a single step, is actually
quite the slow one among the Six Kings... Seriously, the Count-rank is a group
made up of monsters.

---

As she swung her sword incessantly at Lillie, Sieglinde shuddered.

(Amazing... Even with all my attacks, none of them managed to hit her. It’s as
if...)

[—my attacks were being read, yes?]

[Wha?!]

Being told her thoughts within her mind... no, what she was currently thinking
within her mind, Sieglinde looks astonished.

[Your swordsmanship, backed by solid training, is superb. Your sense and
intuition aren’t bad either. However, if it takes you a hundredth of a second
from thought to attack, it’s like you’re asking me to avoid you.]

With a slight smile on her face, along with her praises, Lillie-san pointed out
she still had considerable leeway.

[With your ability, you should be able to compete with Viscount-ranks, but your
overall fighting ability at the moment is only slightly less than a
Viscount-rank... “Accelerate your thinking”.]

[...Eh?]

[Let the compressed magic power travel at ultra-high speed in your mind, and
raise your thinking speed to a higher dimension. Think of a hundred moves in 0.1
seconds. Be able to move to a thousand different attacks in one second... Have
you ever heard that when you are in an extreme situation, the scenery around you
appears to slow down? That is essentially something your physical body is
capable of reproducing. Take that concept and bring it to a higher dimension
with more magic power... Don’t worry, the you right now is naturally loved by
magic power. Deeply grasp the magic power that travels inside and outside your
body... and bring that to a higher level.]

[...Yes!]

Hearing Lillie-san’s teachings, Sieglinde promptly followed her. The magic power
traveling inside her body, the magic power that overflows outside her body...
Their flow, size, density... Taking in all of these details, she took the magic
power overflowing outside her body... the magic power floating in the air into
her body. The moment they flooded the body without gaps and began to travel at
high speed through all of her organs, including her brain... the scenery
reflected in her eyes changed. She could see Lillie’s movements, which had only
seemed blurry earlier, and as she swung her sword in time with her, Lillie used
her hands for the first time to deflect the sword’s trajectory.

[Seems like you were able to do it. Don’t forget that feeling. That is the most
basic form... and from here on out is the application. I will teach you a
technique.]

[...Technique?]

[Yes, read through this carefully.]

[?!]

At that moment, Sieglinde’s head was filled with a thought sent to her by
Lillie. It’s a technique, a High Elf technique.

[Your race, High Elf. Lillywood-sama’s magic power resides in the “Fruit of the
World Tree”. And your thirst for strength... You should meet all the
requirements. Now, use it, the ability of “Spiritization”!]

[Yes! Here I go!]

It’s the High Elf’s greatest and most powerful trump card, allowing the user to
transcend the limits of their physical body as a Human and temporarily
transforming their body into that of a Spirit. A High Elf who has become a
Nature Spirit is capable of explosively enhancing their power. Sieglinde’s body
was enveloped in a pale green light, and her green eyes emitted a strong light.

[You have great magic power. The amount should be around low to mid Count-rank.
The amount of magic power is directly connected to one’s physical ability. Now,
let’s see your power that exceeds the limit.]

[.........]

Sieglinde nodded silently at Lillie’s words, approaching Lillie at a speed far
faster than before... at a speed which would no longer be an exaggeration to
describe as having reached a step before the speed of light, she swung her sword
with all her might. The strike, which was overwhelmingly enhanced by the
“Spiritization”... hit Lillie who “had neither evaded nor defended herself”...
“stopped without cutting even a thin layer of her skin”.

[...You have great swords. I’m a little surprised that it didn’t break when it
hit me.]

[...As I thought, even in this state, my swords won’t reach her.]

Sieglinde wasn’t surprised to find that her full body strike was easily
deflected. Rather, she looked somewhat refreshed, as if such a thing happening
was a matter of course.

[Let’s see. The you right now should be strong enough to compete with the low
Count-ranks, but that’s still not enough for me to use my skills.]

[...Yes.]

[However, it was a splendid strike, and I could see your potential in it. If you
continue to diligently train... Let’s see. We might have a good match after
“about 8000 years” or so.]

[Yes!]

8000 years... That was a greater distance than words could describe. However,
those were words that recognized her latents that would eventually allow her to
step into the domain of the strong, in the same place as the being that seemed
absolute before her. Such words bring a great joy for Sieglinde, who had been
feeling inadequate.

[Now, slowly release your “Spiritization”. Calmly diffuse your magic power.]

[...Kuhh.

[Transforming one’s body into another can be taxing. From now on, you should
train yourself so you can be familiar with its power. You must last at least a
few dozen hours to be able to fight against a Count-rank.]

[...Another distant peak huh.]

[Fufufu. For the record, I’m not that much better than the other Six Kings’
executives in terms of combat power. For example, the pinnacle for the
Count-ranks, Pandora is on a whole other level.]

Calmly smiling as she said this, Lillie looked at Sieglinde’s growth as if she
was enjoying herself.

---

Listening to the conversation between Lillie-san and Sieglinde-san, I asked the
nearby Alice a question.

[...Hey, Alice. Is Pandora-san really that great?]

[Well, strong enough to be called the Strongest Count-rank.]

Pausing after she said those words, Alice turned towards me and spoke.

[...There’s a reason why she’s called that. Pandora is the strongest
Count-rank... That doesn’t just mean her overall strength.]

[Eh?]

[Offensive power, defensive power, speed, amount of magic power, magic power
operation techniques, etc... She is the top of the Count-ranks among all of
those aspects, which is why she’s called the Strongest Count-rank.]

Pandora-san is apparently even more amazing than I thought. In other words,
Pandora-san is the greatest in all of her abilities... which means even her
defensive power is superior to Lillie-san’s.

[...Well, she may have a difficult personality, but she’s extremely excellent.
That’s why I can’t be too unkind to her. Moreover, she’s even one of the
youngest among my executives.]

[Eh? Is that so?]

[Yes. She’s nearly 20000 years old already, but it can be said that she’s young
among the Peak Count-ranks. Well, there are geniuses who are overwhelmingly
younger and have made a name for themselves among the Peak Count-ranks.]

[Are they someone I know?]

When I asked Alice who the person that even she calls a genius, she pointed
towards Lillie-san before speaking.

[Lillie-san’s colleague... one of the Seven Princesses, the “Cherry Blossom
Princess, Blossom-san”. As you can imagine from her name, Blossom-san is the
Spirit of a flower from Kaito-san’s world... the Spirit of the Cherry Blossom.
She was from a tree that Lillywood-san made based on a story she heard from
someone who plays the role of Hero... Well, to put it simply, she’s the only one
among the Six Kings’ executives who is less than 1000 years old, a genius who
had gained the title of Peak Count-rank.]

[...That sounds like she’s an extraordinary person.]

[Well, she’s still nothing compared to Lilia’s genius.]

[Once again, Lilia-san sure is amazing.]

[With Lilia-san’s current ability, she’d be at the level of a low Count-rank...
but that woman is only 22 years old, you know? In just her 20s, she’s stepping
in a realm that other Demons have taken thousands... or even tens of thousands
of years to reach, as if it’s a matter of course, she definitely is quite
outrageous.]

I see, now that she mentioned it, indeed... even though she looked older among
the young-looking people around me, it’s easy to forget but Lilia-san is only 22
years old. Putting aside my three kouhais, Aoi-chan and her group, she’s the
youngest among my acquaintances. I mean, it’s kind of amazing how a 22 year-old
woman is the youngest person I know who lives in this world.

[Now then, it looks like the two of them are coming back, so I’ll take my leave
here.]

[Yeah, thanks.]

A little later after Alice disappeared, Sieg-san and Lillie-san returned.

[Kaito-san. I’m sorry to keep you waiting.]

[No, don’t worry about it.]

When I responded to Sieg-san’s apologetic words, Lillie-san also spoke to me,
lightly bowing her head.

[My apologies for taking so long. However, I have imparted to her what needs to
be imparted. I can’t interrupt the two of you any longer, so I will take my
leave. I will see you again later... Let’s see, I will come and say my greetings
around the time dinner is over.]

[Lillie-sama, thank you very much.]

[Please don’t mind it. I look forward to seeing your progress in the future.]

After saying this with a gentle smile, Lillie-san lowered her head in our
direction several times, before leaving with steps so light that I couldn’t
believe she was blind. After seeing her off, Sieg-san and I both held hands and
started walking again.

[...Kaito-san, there’s a place I want us to go.]

[I don’t really mind, but would we have enough time to go there?]

[Yes, it’s just around the corner...]

[I understand. In that case, let’s go.]

I will not ask where it is or what kind of place it is. I trust Sieg-san. As we
continued walking through the forest under the setting sun, we saw a large tree.
A tree that really fits the word “big tree” to a tee, and it was the second
largest tree I had ever seen. Incidentally, the largest tree I have ever seen
was the World Tree that pierces the skies in the Forest City, Yggfresis. That
tree, which is also Lillywood-san’s main body, was extremely large, exceeding
even Magnawell-san in height alone.

[...It’s a very big tree, isn’t it?]

[Yes. The biggest tree in Rigforeshia... How nostalgic. I used to come and play
here when I was a kid.]

[I see, so this is a place you hold fond memories in.]

[Yes.]

The word “alone” is probably added to the word play, but I don’t dare ask her
about it. I just quietly looked at Sieg-san’s side profile, who had an
expression of nostalgia on her face. Sieg-san looked up at the large tree for a
few moments, then letting go of my hand, she began looking around the ground.

[Errr... I think it’s around here...]

[Is there something there?]

[Yes, back then... Ahh, here it is!]

Perhaps, having found the location she was looking for, Sieg-san smiled and held
her hand over the base of the tree. Thereupon, a magic circle appeared on the
ground, and the soil at the base of the tree was hollowed out in a circular
shape, floating in the air. The hole that opened up then contained a small box.

[...A little over ten years ago, before I moved to Symphonia’s royal capital, I
buried the items that had a special place in my heart in this box.]

[...What’s in the box?]

I see. It seems that this box is some sort of time capsule.

[They’re not that great. There’s an unusual stone, a hair ornament I used to
wear... and one more thing.]

[...a “ring” made of wood?]

[Yes. When was it again? I think I made it myself when I was about 7 or 8 years
old. Looking at it again, it looks unattractive and unshapely.]

It was a slightly distorted wooden ring that would have been too big even for my
finger, let alone Sieg-san’s. Sieg-san said that she made it when she was a
child, and from the look on her face now, I could sense that she held quite an
emotional attachment to it.

[...When I was little, but even when I didn’t understand what it meant
properly... I wanted to get married.]

[.........]

[I thought, without any basis to it, that if I married someone, we would get as
close to each other as Father and Mother did. I heard that in the other world,
people use rings to get married, so I made it.]

[...As I thought.]

[Yes, I think I was lonely. Tired of playing alone... Perhaps, I wanted to put
my trust in the information from the other world, a place unknown to me, to deal
with a matter that I couldn’t control, regardless if they had the power to do
that or not.]

I crouched down next to Sieg-san, who was staring at the rings. Somehow, I
wanted to be by her side as much as possible at this moment.

[Why are you showing me this?]

[...I think I just want to boast. I wanted to tell the old me that I now have
someone like you next to me...]

[...I see.]

Hearing this, I gently picked up the wooden ring in Sieg-san’s hand. Sieg-san
didn’t resist either and the ring was handed to me.

[Kaito-san?]

After smiling at Sieg-san, who tilted her head while curiously looking at me, I
put the ring on her finger. The ring was fitted on the little finger of her left
hand... This was something I had read about in a book before, that a ring fitted
on this finger means “to make your wish come true”.

[Ahh... Eh? Ehhh?]

[I can’t change the past, but it would be alright. Just as Sieg-san said, you
aren’t alone anymore. There certainly was Lilia-san and Lunamaria-san... but I’m
also here with you.]

It wasn’t like I had anything in particular in mind. It was just something I
said to Sieg-san, hoping she would smile... but for some reason, her face turned
red and she looked downward.

[...I-I-I-I have heard about it. T-That in the other world, p-putting the ring
in the finger of your partner... I-In other words, this is... a-a propo...]

[I-It’s not! As expected, no matter how you look at it, it’s still too early to
propose! E-Errr, proposals are made by putting a ring on the ring finger of the
left hand, and ummm, putting a ring on the little finger of the left hand meant
to make your wish come true...]

[I-Is that so...]

Uwaahh, this is bad. It feels like I’m blushing like crazy. Indeed, it can’t be
helped if she misunderstood my actions. However, errr... Doesn’t seem like
Sieg-san dislikes the thought of being proposed huh? N-No, wait. Let’s not think
about this any further.

[...Ummm, you saying it’s too early... means that you’ll eventually do it?]

[U-Ummm, Sieg-san. Let’s end this topic here. I-I don’t think it’s something we
need to be in a hurry about.]

[Y-Yes! Y-Y-You’re right.]

In the end, we were both so embarrassed afterwards that we couldn’t help but
blush while looking away from each other, but still, holding hands with each
other, we sat under the big tree for a while and chatted with each other.

---

With me sleeping in the middle of our stroll, Sieg-san’s confession, and running
into Lillie-san, more time had passed than I had expected, and when it began to
dim, I was surprised that it was already this late. I had some regrets about
leaving and would have liked to enjoy walking with Sieg-san if possible... but
we decided to go home because the night forest was getting less visible and
there was a danger of me tripping, plus we were also expecting a visit from
Lillie-san. When Sieg-san and I returned to the city of Rigforeshia, both of us
let go of our held hands in embarrassment, and when we reached Rei-san and
Fia-san’s home, it looked like they were just getting ready for dinner. Rei-san
and Fia-san looked at us when we came back with a smile on their faces and
welcomed us back. Is it just my imagination that they look so happy right now?

Since it was going to take a little while to prepare dinner, I told them that
Lillie-san would be visiting after dinner, and then, we were told to take a bath
to get rid of the dirt first. As usual, Sieg-san punched Rei-san, who strongly
suggested that Sieg-san and I bathe together, and since Sieg-san suggested that
I take a bath first since I’m their guest, she let me bathe first. The bath at
Rei-san and Fia-san’s home is like a Japanese cypress bath, with a pleasant
woodsy scent that soothes my tired body. The large, luxurious baths in
Lilia-san’s home are good, but taking a bath in a familiar-sized bath like this
is good too.

After I got mine, Sieg-san took a bath as well, and then, we gathered in the
dining room to have our dinner. Fia-san prepared a beautiful dish, decorated
like a big flower, and looking closely, it’s made of vegetables and thinly
sliced meat, just like carpaccio. However, the size of the dish is very large,
and there seems to be a variety of vegetables and meat used in the dish, so it
kind of looks luxurious.

[...It’s a really beautiful dish.]

[This, you see… It’s called the Rigforeshia’s Flower... A local specialty of our
city.]

[...Wha... Wha...]

[Sieg-san?]

Fia-san tells me that the dish is called the Rigforeshia’s Flower, and as I was
admiring how beautiful it looks... For some reason though, Sieg-san blushed and
looks as if she’s seen something unbelievable. Calling out her name, I tilted my
head at her strange reaction, but it seemed that she was too surprised that she
didn’t hear me. Sieg-san just moved her gaze towards Fia-san and muttered.

[...W-Why... W-When?]

[Eh? When she asked... Isn’t it amusing, Rei?]

[Yeah, how many years do you think we’ve been Sieg’s parents? I knew it the
moment the both of you came home and saw your face.]

[ \~ \~ ?! ]

In response to Sieg-san’s dumbfounded words, Rei-san and Fia-san looked
astonished when they replied to her.

[...Errr, is something the matter?]

[Ahh, I see! Miyama-kun doesn’t know about this. This Rigforeshia Flower is a
dish that is eaten during certain celebrations in this city.]

[C-Celebrations?]

[Yes, it’s a celebration for Sieg and Miyama-kun.]

[Wha?!]

I didn’t understand the situation and asked, but Fia-san and Rei-san smiled at
me and replied... Eh? Wait a moment... Does that mean they already know that
Sieg-san and I are now lovers?! I-Isn’t that too fast... I-I mean, it happened
just a few hours ago, and we also let go of each other’s hands before we went
into the town... I-I guess it’s to be as expected from Sieg-san’s parents, they
immediately knew if Sieh-san had changed.

After they told me that they had clearly seen through it all, I can feel my face
flushing red... While Sieg-san’s shoulders are trembling, and even her ears
turned bright red.

[...That’s why... this food... is a dish to be eaten for a “wedding
celebration”!!!]

[Eeeehhhhh?!]

Hearing Sieg-san’s words as she shouted with a bright red face, I couldn’t help
but let out a yell as well. Errr, when they say “a certain celebration”... they
meant a wedding celebration?! No, no, no matter how you look at it, isn’t that
too fast?! It’s really making me embarrassed here... Also, it kind of reminds me
of that conversation I had with Sieg-san earlier.

[Unnn? Does that really matter? You’re eventually going to be married, right?]

[Wha?! Ah, t-that is...]

[Or perhaps, does Sieg-chan think that there’s a chance you will break up with
Miyama-kun?]

[That is, ummm... u-unlikely... but...]

[ [ Then, it’s all good! ] ]

[...U-Uuuu.]

Hearing what the two of them said with smiles on their faces, Sieg-san blushed
so red that it feels like she’s going to start releasing steam on her ears, and
she sits down, covering her face with her hands. Unnn, ummm, I have no intention
of breaking up with Sieg-san either... but still, I can understand why Sieg-san
is that bashful. I mean, if your own parents are that openly delighted, I would
obviously be embarrassed... Unnn, so pull yourself together, me... Stop thinking
that Sieg-san who had turned bright red is cute...

Then, after Rei-san looked at Sieg-san, who had sat down on her seat, he then
turns to me and gave me a serious look.

[...Miyama-kun.]

[Eh? Ah, yes!]

[...Sieg is our very precious daughter. I know she’ll be fine with you by her
side but... Please give her happiness.]

[...Yes. Ummm, I might still be inexperienced and unreliable yet but... I’m
going to do my best, and not just let Sieg-san support me. I want to be there
for Sieg-san as well.]

[ \~ \~ ?! ]

While being exposed to his gaze extremely filled with his fatherly thoughts, I
still firmly looked back into Rei-san’s eyes and replied to his words. I am a
man... It’s times like this when I have to be able to say something strong and
reliable... I hope that in the future, I will be someone that is worthy of being
by Sieg-san’s side, and a person with whom Rei-san and Fia-san can leave
Sieg-san at ease... I will do my best.

[...Unnn. I really am glad that you’ve become Sieg’s partner.]

Hearing my words, Rei-san suddenly released a serious expression on his face and
calmly smiled at me.

[Come already, enough with that man-to-man talk... Let’s go eat! I’m really
confident with what I made today.]

Perhaps, sensing that our conversation had ended, Fia-san cheerfully suggested
that we sit down, and we followed her suggestion. Sieg-san, even with her face
still red, stood up and took the seat next to me.

[...Putting that aside, Miyama-kun.]

[Eh? Yes?]

[...I may be repeating myself, but the room is completely soundproofed. Also,
the “replacement sheets” are in the drawer next to the bed. Also, I’ll make sure
that the bathtub is properly adjusted to work late at night, so you can use it
to your heart’s cont—Bfueeehh?!]

[...Can you please... go die one time?]

The fatherly expression Rei-san had on his face just a moment ago disappeared,
turning into the face of a perverted old man, and hearing what he said, Sieg-san
punched Rei-san with a tremendous force. A vein could literally be seen popping
out of her forehead, and her eyes are completely set... It seems that she’s
angrier than ever before.

[W-Wait right there, Sieg... Why are you pulling out your sword... Wait?! Wait a
moment?! Wa—Gyaaaaaahhhh?!]

Thereupon, in the late night of Rigforeshia, Rei-san’s loud screams echoed.

After we finished our meal, I helped clean up a bit. After we finished dealing
with the chores, as if in anticipation of it, a knock came at the door, and
Rei-san and Fia-san’s backs straightened up. As expected, Rei-san timidly opened
the door, and just as expected, there was Lillie-san.

[I’m sorry to disturb you at this time of night. I heard that Miyama Kaito-san
has come to visit and I have come to give my greetings... is what I had planned
to say, but I had a chance meeting with him just a while ago. The reason for my
visit has disappeared, but I was a little curious about the dwellings of the
Elves, so I decided to continue with my visit.]

[Ah, yes! W-Welcome to our abode!]

[You are Rejnhardt-san, yes? And the person next to you is... I see, the lady of
the household, Sylphia-san, was it? It’s my pleasure to meet you.]

[Y-Yes! We’re very pleased to meet you!]

Whereas Lillie-san was smiling calmly, both of them clearly looked nervous...
Thereupon, Fia-san seemed to have realized something, but Lillie-san spoke
first.

[No, thank you for your consideration. I’m a Flower Spirit, so I basically don’t
eat or drink. Besides, I don’t want to disturb you by staying here too long.]

[Eh? Ah, no, yes.]

Perhaps, Fia-san thought of preparing some tea, but Lillie-san read her surface
thoughts and turned her down before she could do so.

[Once again, my name is Lillie, bearing the position of the World King,
Lillywood-sama’s Head Subordinate. This time, through my fateful connection with
Miyama Kaito-san and Sieglinde-san, I have come to express my greetings. Though
I say that, as troubling as it may be, I still have a lot of work at hand, so
please forgive me for leaving shortly after.]

[Ah, n-no, please don’t mind it.]

It seems like Fia-san’s nervousness was at its peak. If it’s Lilia-san, she
probably would have fainted by now, but it seems like Fia-san doesn’t faint like
her.

[...In fact, I have one other reason for my visit here besides expressing my
greetings. No, I suppose it would be better to say that I got another reason for
my visit. It’s about your daughter... Sieglinde-san.]

[Huh? Yes?]

[Sieg-chan?]

This was news to Sieg-san and me too, so we both exchanged glances and tilted
our heads in curiosity. Thereupon, Lillia-san slowly walked in front of
Sieg-san, and announced in a gentle and calm voice.

[Sieglinde-san... Would you be willing to become “my subordinate”?]

[...What?]

[Your talent and ambition are astounding. With the kind of person you are, I
would be happy to have you as my direct subordinate, and I believe you have the
qualities to eventually become the “eight executive”. I will give you full
consideration in terms of treatment, so how about it?]

Saying this, Lillie-san held out one hand towards Sieg-san. Rei-san and Fia-san
were stunned by the sudden scouting, and I was also at a loss for words due to
the suddenness of the situation. However, only Sieg-san was the first to retract
her agitation and staring straight at Lillie-san, she spoke.

[I’m very grateful for your kind words, but the only Lord I serve... would be
Duchess Lilia Albert. I will never have the intention of changing that.]

[I see... That’s a good answer, holding no hesitations.]

Lillie-san wasn’t surprised by Sieg-san’s words, as if she had already expected
her to say that. Then, smiling gently, she continued.

[...I knew you would answer that way. Would you be offended if I told you I
actually had no intention of accepting you as a subordinate even if you had
nodded your head?]

[No, it was a test with me in mind... Thank you. I think I have found the answer
to what I should be doing in the future.]

Seeing Sieg-san’s expression holding no hesitation, Lillie-san nodded once
before turning to Rei-san and Fia-san.

[I see... Rejnhardt-san, Sylphia-san, your daughter is wonderful. She’s an
exemplar Elf... exhibiting propriety and honorable loyalty.]

[Thank you for your kind words.]

[We are very proud of her.]

When the both of them bowed our heads at Lillie-san’s words, Lillie-san turned
her attention to me.

[She’s a wonderful lover, isn’t she? Miyama Kaito-san.]

[...Yes.]

I wonder what this is... this happiness I’m feeling... I guess it’s probably
because I’m happy that Sieg-san has been recognized by someone renowned in the
world. I’m happy that my lover is praised. While I was feeling this way,
Lillie-san placed her hand on top of Sieg-san’s head.

[...If it’s you, I wouldn’t mind teaching you this technique.]

[T-This is... this technique is...]

[It’s not one to be used carelessly. You could regard it as a Secret Technique.
When you feel your strength isn’t enough in the battle to protect the ones you
truly care about... Use this.]

[...Yes.]

After teaching Sieg-san something, probably a technique that can be used as a
trump card, Lillie-san took her hand off Sieg-san’s head and “opened her closed
eyes”. Her pure white eyes that held no pupil, reflecting nothing... with them
directed towards Sieg-san, Lillie-san spoke.

[Fufu, I remember when I taught Blossom. I look forward to seeing your future.
Even though it may be temporary, you have been under my guidance,
Sieglinde-san.]

[...Yes.]

[You are like my apprentice... Well, to put it simply, I like you. If you need
help, come visit me at Yggfresis. I promise to help you.]

[...It would be my honor.]

After nodding at Sieg-san’s reply, Lillie-san closed her eyes and leaked out a
rather mischievous smile.

[Well, apart from that, I would also be happy if you come visit and go
sightseeing in our place. In that case, we’re really looking forward to your
visit, Miyama Kaito-san.]

[Ah, yes. Someday, definitely...]

[Hmmm. However, if Lillywood-sama finds out that Miyama Kaito-san is coming, she
would probably guide you herself, and then, I wouldn’t be able to guide you. I
also like Miyama Kaito-san very much. That being the case... Fufu, you could
come visit us while keeping it from Lillywood-sama, you know?]

[A-Ahaha... I’ll think about it.]

I could tell from the atmosphere around Lillie-san that she was just joking, so
I just wryly smiled and responded. It’s kind of surprising though, for
Lillie-san to make such jokes. I thought she might be the overly serious type
like Lilia-san... Come to think of it, Lillywood-san also wasn’t quite what I
had expected. She calls Megiddo-san a musclehead, and she was sometimes quite
aggressive, so perhaps, Lillie-san is similar to Lillywood-san.

[Now then, it might have been a short time, but I will be excusing myself.
Miyama Kaito-san, Sieglinde-san, Rejnhardt-san, and Sylphia-san... If fate
allows it, let’s meet again.]

With that, Lillie-san thanked us with a beautiful, picturesque gesture and left.
How should I say this... She’s a really kind person... I mean, I feel like I
liked Lillie-san just as much as Lillie-san liked us.

After the rowdy meal and Lillie-san’s visit... Rei-san and Fia-san, who had
completely returned to how they usually are, said something along the lines of
“I’ll leave the rest to the two youngsters”, as if they were chaperones who sent
us on an arranged date, and went to their room. I’ve already finished bathing,
and since it was still too early to go to bed, Sieg-san suggested that we drink
some alcohol.

[...Heehhh… I didn’t know there was a place like this in this house.]

[Yes, my father had a friend who was once invited to play the role of Hero and
permanently lived in this world, and seeing the porch that he had in his house,
father liked it and built the same thing in this house.]

[I see, it certainly is a porch.]

Behind the house where Sieg-san guided me, there was a Japanese style porch,
though there doesn’t seem to be a garden of any kind outside. But still, I don’t
know if I should say it’s because it isn’t perfectly identical with the porches
we had in our world, but the feeling is somewhat different... Sieg-san laid out
a large cloth, that seems to act as a leisure seat, on the edge before sitting
down. When I was prompted to sit down too, I found the entire city of
Rigforeshia decorated with trees, and they have an elegant feel around them.

[Are you okay with alcoholic fruit juice?]

[Ah, yes.]

[Then, here you go, Kaito-san.]

[...Thank you.]

Sitting down on the edge of the porch and accepting the glass Sieg-san held out
to me, Sieg-san gently smiled before pouring some alcoholic fruit juice into my
glass. The color of the fruit juice is light brown, so I thought it was plum
wine for a moment, but the faint aroma wafting through the air is fruity...

![Insert 2](../../_Images/v08/Insert2.png#.insert)

[It’s an alcohol made from ripple fruit, called Rivel.]

[Heehhh... It smells good, isn’t it?]

I see, ripple... apple liquor huh, what do they call this back there? Was it
Calbados or Calvados? I don’t really remember which one it is, but it’s my first
time drinking one, so I’m looking forward to it. After Sieg-san poured me a
glass of Rivel, I also poured some on the glass Sieg-san held in her hand, and
lightly clinked our glasses together, making a toast. Taking a sip, the aroma of
aged and elegant ripple spreads with the alcohol, and the refreshing acidity and
natural sweetness are very delicious. The bitterness of beer and the taste of
sake are delicious too, but this kind of elegant alcohol is also good.

Well, be that as it may, it would have been an interesting sight seeing someone
sitting on a carpeted porch, drinking alcoholic fruit juice in one hand but...
Though I say it like that, I don’t think too much about it since I was drinking
coffee on a tatami mat on the balcony on my first day in this world.

[Kaito-san, here... Some dried fruits.]

[Thanks. Thank you for the food.]

As I’m savoring the taste of the Rivel, Sieg-san gently offered a plate of dried
fruits. I’ve heard before that people eat chocolate or dried fruit with brandy
as a snack, so trying it out, I felt the pleasant crunchiness of the fruits, and
they have the right amount of sweetness that helps mellow the taste of the
Rivel.

[Come to think of it, Sieg-san, are you a strong drinker?]

[Me? Hmmm, so-so, I guess.]

[That sounds like something a hard drinker would say.]

[No, no, my alcohol capacity really is normal... Of the three of us, Lilia,
Luna, and I, Luna is the best at drinking. At least, I’ve never seen her be
drunk before.]

[Heehhh...]

It seems that Lunamaria-san is a strong drinker. She certainly has such an
image. On the other hand, Lilia-san seems to be quite the weak drinker, though
it might just be me assuming that. While I was thinking about that, Sieg-san
seemed to have read my thoughts, giving me a gentle, wry smile.

[Just as Kaito-san imagined, Lili is weak to alcohol. She’s exactly the type who
gets a dead dunk after a few cups.]

[Ahaha, I don’t mean to be rude, but I guess she’s exactly what I thought.]

[Incidentally, I don’t like ale or beer, and I prefer wine or alcoholic fruit
juice.]

[Arehh? Beer also exists in this world?]

To my surprise, I heard there’s beer in this world too. No, I certainly remember
seeing mayonnaise and chocolate as well, so I guess it wouldn’t be strange for
beer to spread out huh. In that case, there might be some Japanese sake
somewhere too... Perhaps, Neun-san might already have it.

[Yes, it’s very popular in the Symphonia and Hydra Kingdom, but it’s not very
popular in the Archlesia Empire.]

[It isn’t popular in the Archlesia Empire? Ahh, could it be because there are
many dwarfs living there?]

[That’s exactly the reason. Dwarfs like strong drinks, so they don’t seem to
like beer very much.]

[I see... Are elves not too keen on beer too?]

[No, many of the elves prefer beer. I’m simply not a fan of it... but, let’s
see. The most popular would have to be wine.]

As we continued chatting peacefully like that, tipping our glasses and enjoying
a leisurely and comfortable time, my gaze was suddenly caught by Sieg-san’s side
profile, illuminated by the moonlight and the pale light of the Illumination
Magic Tool. I couldn’t help but gaze at her reddish face, looking slightly tipsy
from the alcohol, and even added a somewhat glossy look to her originally
beautiful face. Thereupon, Sieg-san seemed to have noticed my gaze a little
later, tilting her head with a gentle smile on her face.

[...Are you curious about my ears?]

[Ehh? A-Ahhh, errr, let’s see. I guess I’m curious since they’re the defining
characteristics of the Elves.]

It seems that she thought I was looking at her ears instead of her face, and
Sieg-san pointed to her ear... to her long, thin ears peculiar to Elves. I can’t
really say I was captivated after looking at her face, so I just agreed with
what Sieg-san said.

[I wondered if it would hurt if you were sleeping while laying on your side or
something like that...]

[Ahh, I see. However, it’s alright. The ears of us elves are much softer than
those of humans.]

[I-I see...]

Seeing Sieg-san’s gesture of lightly touching her own ear after saying that, I’m
starting to feel like I really want to touch her ears. I’m not sure how to
describe this feeling... It might be a little different from the desire to touch
a cat’s toe beans or feeling someone’s breasts, but as a human... no, perhaps,
it was my desire as a man to touch the soft parts that a man doesn’t have.

...Wait, what the heck are these idiotic thoughts on my mind right now? Even if
we’re lovers, I can’t just be insensitive and ask her if I could touch her
ears...

[...Do you want to touch them?]

[Gfuuhh?!]

[Kaito-san?!]

[...Kerhem... Kerhem...]

[A-Are you alright?]

Her statement, which seemed to completely see through my heart’s desire, made
the alcohol come into my trachea from surprise, choking me out of the air.

[I-I’m sorry... I’m alright... So, ummm, errr, does that mean it’s alright for
me to touch them?]

[Eh? Yes...]

I would love to touch her long, soft ears, but I’ll make sure to ask her again.
Since Sieg-san is a kind person, it’s possible that she only agreed because she
cares about me, and that she actually doesn’t want to, so I’ll strengthen the
detection capabilities of my Sympathy Magic and try asking Sieg-san’s
response...

[I-I wouldn’t like it if it were other people... B-But if it’s Kaito-san... I’m
fine with it. W-We’re lovers anyway.]

[?!]

When I heard Sieg-san’s reply, I immediately regretted making my Sympathy Magic
stronger. The burst of affection gushing from Sieg-san, along with her bashful
fidgety gesture, feels as if a giant hammer had just struck my brain. S-She’s
too cute... I-I feel like my reasoning just received damage from a direction I
didn’t expect. Feeling my heart beat at a considerable rate, I almost
unconsciously reached out my hand to Sieg-san who was slightly hiding her face.

[...T-Then, if you’ll excuse me.]

[Ahh?! Wait a mo—Hyyaaann?!]

[I-I’m sorry?! D-Did I put in too much strength?]

I thought of touching her ear since she gave me permission, but in the middle of
the process, Sieg-san tried to stop me, but it was already too late and my hand
was already touching Sieg-san’s ear. Just as Sieg-san said, her ears were so
soft and good to touch, just as if I’m touching marshmallows but... immediately
afterwards, Sieg-san loudly yelped and I hurriedly withdrew my hand.

[...N-No, errr... The ears of us Elves can even read the wind... so, umm,
they’re sensitive. So, please... be gentle.]

[Y-Yes, I’m sorry... T-Then, once again...]

It seems that the ears of elves are very sensitive, so I need to touch them
gently. After apologizing for touching her ears too fast, I reached out to
Sieg-san’s ears again and gently touched them.

[Yes... Hnnn... Fuaahhh...]

[They’re really soft...]

[I-Is that so... Nhyyuuu... Auuu... Hyaahh...]

They’re smooth and soft, yet elastic enough, and it feels as if they’re sucking
my hand, making them comfortable to touch... This could turn into a habit. And
it seems that she really is very sensitive, as every time my hand moves over her
ear, Sieg-san makes a small, erotic moan. Somehow, it’s kinda making my heart
beat really fast though?! Eh? I’m just touching her ears now, right?! H-However,
because of the alcohol, Sieg-san strangely looks erotic... T-This is dangerous,
any more than this...

[T-Thank you.]

[Haahhh... Y-Yes.]

[Errr, ummm, somehow… I’m sorry.]

[N-No?!]

[...]

[...]

Arehh? I thought we were talking normally earlier, but I’m so nervous now that I
can’t look at Sieg-san’s face?! A somewhat awkward silence dominated the place,
where Sieg-san and I stared at each other in silence for a while, before both of
us sat back down on the porch. And as if to shake off the awkward atmosphere, I
once again brought my glass to my mouth... sitting at a slightly closer distance
than we had earlier...

---

It’s my second night in Rigforeshia. I’ve been enjoying some alcohol earlier
with Sieg-san, and returning to my room in a good mood. I was looking forward to
tomorrow but... That mood was immediately blown away. Now, Sieg-san and I are in
an odd position, sitting on a seiza on the edge of the bed, facing each other. I
don’t need to think that much about why we’re like this, for the cause was that
we’re still sleeping on a single bed.

[...U-Ummm, Sieg-san.]

[Y-Y-Y-Yes?!]

Without a second thought, I tried calling out to her, and in response,
Sieg-san’s flinched, her face turning red. Feeling my heart jump seeing her
reaction, I continued to speak.

[...I-I guess I should really go sleep on the floor, right?]

[T-That’s no good!]

[H-However, if I don’t...]

[Auuuu... uuuuu...]

The kind Sieg-san still won’t let me sleep on the floor, but unfortunately, the
situation we are in now is very different than it was yesterday. We’re now
lovers... To describe it in words, the nervousness we’re feeling now is
incomparable from yesterday. I was very worried, especially in terms of my
reasoning, so I thought of talking her into somehow letting me sleep on the
floor, but with an embarrassed expression on her face, Sieg-san softly spoke.

[...H-However... When you think about it, unlike yesterday, there shouldn’t be
any obstacles stopping us from sleeping together now... Ummm, we’re lovers...
anyway.]

[...Y-Yes.]

No, rather than not having anything, the obstacle stopping me now is a much
higher wall than yesterday. It’s just the two of us, the room is completely
soundproofed, and we’re lovers... A perfect battle formation developed to
obliterate my reasoning.

[...T-That’s right. We’re lovers anyway, so there’s no problem with sleeping
together...]

[T-That’s right.]

No, rather, it’s a big problem. I’m begging you here, please have some sense of
security. I’m a guy too, so shouldn’t you not know what I may do? Doing such an
act immediately after dating... Even if Sieg-san may accept me or even if
Sieg-san isn’t thinking about such a thing at all... As far as I’m concerned, I
want to make sure that our relationship is deeper before we proceed towards
that, so I’m not going to let my desires get the best of me here.

That said, I understand after yesterday that she won’t agree with me sleeping on
the floor... and I definitely don’t want to let Sieg-san sleep on the floor. In
that case, I don’t have any choice but to endure it... I have to hold on to my
reasoning and fight through this phase of what could be called a complete siege.

...At that moment, it was decided that the second night would be another
all-nighter.

Just like last night, Sieg-san and I were together on the same futon. The only
difference is that we’re not sleeping back to back now, but lying face to
face... And Sieg-san, who was wearing her sleepwear, is mercilessly damaging my
sense of reason, but it’s still bearable. If we are sleeping back to back here,
and if I were... to feel surprised from touching each other’s back, I felt like
the small thread of reasoning I’m holding on to would snap. Yes, this is a kind
of battle... A decisive battle against my desire. I would only be at a
disadvantage if I were caught by surprise from behind, but if I were to face her
in front and stand firm... As long as there are no unforeseen circumstances...

[...Ummm, Kaito-san... Can I get a little closer?]

[?!]

The unforeseen circumstances immediately swooped upon me?! W-Wait a moment,
you’re going even closer than this... No, no, wouldn’t that make our bodies
touch with each other... T-This is bad, I should somehow try to avoid this...

[...Is that no good?]

[N-No, it’s alright! Go ahead...]

...If she immediately uses that technique, I would definitely fail in avoiding
this... The battlefield really is ruthless. Unfortunately, I didn’t seem to have
the protagonist’s status correction... No, was it because I had the
protagonist’s status correction that she was approaching me? Or rather, what the
heck am I thinking about? As I felt my thoughts getting confused, I saw the
blanket move, and Sieg-san moved closer to me... Wait, aren’t you too close?!
Isn’t that almost zero distance already?! I-I’m telling you, that’s
dangerous...Ahh, she smells good and I could feel her breath on my skin... No,
not yet. Endure it, free myself from obstructive thoughts!!!

Feeling my heart beating fast when Sieg-san moved so close to me that our skin
was almost touching, Sieg-san puts her hand lightly on the center of my chest
and smiles.

[...I guess it was because you’re really a man huh? Kaito-san feels robust.]

[Eh? N-No, rather than that, I’m quite weak... Isn’t Sieg-san stronger than me?]

It was a compliment I’ve never been told in my life, so even though I was
surprised, a little calmly, I asked back. I’ve been running with Hina-chan
recently, but I’ve never really exercised that much, so I think I’m still
considered a non-combatant compared to people of my generation...

[Certainly, I’m probably better than you when it comes to combat ability... But
when it comes to muscle strength alone, Kaito-san is better than me.]

[I-Is that so?]

I have more muscle strength than Sieg-san... It’s true that Sieg-san appears to
have little or no muscle mass from how she looks like, but since I’ve seen her
punch Lilia-san and Rei-san flying, even though I know it’s due to Body
Strengthening Magic, I don’t really think what she said have any meaning.

[Yes, the Elves find it difficult to build up muscle to begin with... We have
lots of magic power though, so we make up for it with Body Strengthening Magic.]

[I see, so it’s a racial trait huh.]

[Yes, maybe that’s why... when I touch you like this... I thought that you
really are a man.]

[Errr, is that a compliment?]

[Yes... You look manly and cool.]

With a gentle smile on her face, Sieg-san sweetly whispered. I’m not used to
being told that, so to be honest, I’m very happy to hear her say I’m manly...
Though when she said that with her bewitching beautiful voice, I felt my head
turning giddy. Even though I didn’t get more than a little tipsy thanks to
Shiro-san’s voice, I was still feeling hot, perhaps due to the influence of
alcohol. D-Do your best... Do your best, me... You should still be able to hold
on, right?

As I’m desperately trying to calm my overheating head and trying to endure my
situation, but unfortunately, Sieg-san doesn’t seem to be aware of my
situation... Slowly, her hand moved towards my back... Sieg-san closely sticks
to my body.

[S-Sieg-san?!]

[...Kaito-san... Could I be spoiled... for a bit?]

[?!]

Eeeehhhhh?! Right here?! Right at this time?! A gap-moe attack from the usually
dependable, mature woman, asking me to let her fawn towards me with her fleeting
voice?! Stop... Please stop... It’s going to break. The final thread of my
reasoning will break...

[...Y-Yes.]

[...Thank you... Kaito-san...]

[Eh?]

[Hnnn...]

[ \~ \~ ?! ]

I moved my face when my name was called, but at that moment, Sieg-san’s head
also moved... and her lips lightly touched mine. It was really just a simple
lips-to-lips contact, but it was... unmistakably a kiss... And my head felt so
hot as if I had been plunged into boiling water.

[...I’m really happy... to have met you... and to be your lover.]

[Ahh, errr...]

[Kaito-san, I love you. I hope you’ll continue to be with me even in the
future.]

[...Y-Yes.]

After announcing it with a happy smile, with a faint blush on her cheeks,
Sieg-san closed her eyes and tightly hugged me. I-I’m already at my l-limit...
N-No, I can still hold on! Not yet! I can still hold on a bit more! Be a hero,
let’s exceed our limits!!!

A little later, I heard Sieg-san’s peaceful breathing, making me know that she
had fallen asleep but... Unfortunately, I guess I really won’t be getting any
sleep today. With the soft, warm feeling of Sieg-san’s body all over my body, I
continued to pinch my hands until morning, desperately trying to keep it from
moving...

It’s often said that the greatest enemy is oneself, and today, the battle
between my desire and reason unfolded. It seems that my reason has somehow won
again this time, but seriously, someday—I feel like I won’t be able to bear it
anymore.

---

It was the morning of my fourth day in Rigforeshia. I’m now standing in the
kitchen with Sieg-san by my side.

[...What do you think about this? Sieg-san?]

[Yes, it’s skillfully made. However, you could have let it fry a bit more...]

[I see.]

With Sieg-san giving advice beside me, I’m making breakfast. What I’m currently
making are sunny-side-up eggs... However, the egg I’m frying now is somewhat
different from normal. The eggs are so big, it’s almost like I’m frying ostrich
eggs. The fact that Sieg-san and I are currently cooking is like a thank you to
Rei-san and Fia-san. To be honest, my cooking skills are really amateurish, and
I don’t think I can compare to Fia-san’s cooking skills, but Rei-san and Fia-san
were really happy when I suggested that I make them breakfast. Well, it seems
like they’re acting the same as usual, as the two of them teased us by saying
that what we’re making is a “married couple collaboration breakfast”, and
Sieg-san scolded them for it.

It was supposed to have only been four days, but a lot of things have
happened... Just like that time with the Sacred Tree Festival, I feel like my
day is intense when I come to Rigforeshia. The first day I was here, as I’d
become famous in Rigforeshia, I was surprised at how welcoming the atmosphere
really was... I later heard that the elite of the elves had planned to hold a
big party for the whole town the night I arrived, but Rei-san and Fia-san
refused for me. I’m really grateful for that.

On the second day, the most memorable memory I have on that day would be that I
have made great progress with my relationship with Sieg-san, and we became
lovers. I wasn’t sure how to answer her back then, but now, here I am, cooking
side by side with Sieg-san... I feel peaceful and happy. I really think I’m a
lucky person to have a lovely woman like Sieg-san as my lover. Let’s also not
forget the meeting with Lillie-san, whom I spoke to on the first day through
Sympathy Magic, and her teaching Sieg-san. After that, Sieg-san seemed to have
been broken through her doubts and was determined to be able to inflict damage
to Lillie-san someday.

On the third day, generally speaking, Rei-san and Fia-san were causing a great
ruckus. The fact that Sieg-san and I are now lovers, I guess that’s what brought
the two of them out of control... But they were trying to make us wear pair
attires, trying to show off our relationship to the whole city, deliberately
trying to get Sieg-san and I to be alone, and were trying to get me to take a
bath with her, they were getting very aggressive. Well, for the great ruckus
they caused, they received Sieg-san’s iron fist and scolding but... I don’t
think those two are going to learn their lesson.

The past four days has been really intense, and the thought of going home today
makes me feel kind of sad.

[Oohh, they look great.]

[They really look good.]

Thanks to Sieg-san’s help more than half the time, the breakfast somehow came
out looking great, and Rei-san and Fia-san happily smiled as we laid them out on
the table. And then, the four of us took our seats at the table and started
eating our breakfast... Unnn, I think I did an okay job.

[Heehhh... Miyama-kun is skillful at cooking too huh.]

[No, I don’t think I would have been able to make them this great without
Sieg-san’s help...]

[That’s not true. Kaito-san is skillful already, and after you practice more,
you should be able to steadily improve.]

[Thank you.]

Thanking Fia-san and Sieg-san for their gentle praise, we then went on to eat
breakfast while chatting.

[...Speaking of which, when are you two going to return to the royal capital?]

[Errr, we plan to return by noon... but since we’re going to return with my
Teleportation Magic Item, the time we return is rather adjustable.]

[Eh? Miyama-kun, you have a Teleportation Magic Tool? That’s amazing... If
you’re going to use a Teleportation Magic Tool that could transfer you from here
to the royal capital, I guess it would be about... 10 white gold coins?]

[It would fluctuate depending on if it’s reusable and the time needed to reuse
it, but the price wouldn’t be below 1,200,000 R, but beyond that, the techniques
used for the Teleportation Magic Tool would be complicated and difficult to
acquire. It would be very hard to get a hold of it without costing a fortune, so
it would be very valuable.]

It seems that Teleportation Magic Tools really are very expensive, and the ones
that can go back and forth between Rigforeshia and the royal capital are at
least 120 million yen... I wonder how much this one on my arm would cost...

[Errr, this was made for me by someone I know...]

[ [ Someone you know? ] ]

[Kuro... Underworld King, I mean.]

[ [ Bfuhhh?! ] ]

When I explained that my Teleportation Magic Tool was something that Kuro gave
me, Rei-san and Fia-san looked astonished, their eyes wide open. Although they
stiffened for a while, they started moving a little later.

[...W-Well\~\~ As expected of Miyama-kun. For Underworld King-sama herself to
make you a magic tool...]

[T-That’s right. I’ve heard that you’re close... lovers with the Underworld
King-sama, but I’m surprised again.]

[Incidentally, Father, Mother. The bracelet Kaito-san is wearing on his left arm
right now is that magic tool.]

[...Eh? No, what are you talking about, Sieg? No matter how great, clean and
wonderful Underworld King-sama’s technique is... Teleportation Magic consumes a
great deal of magic power, so there’s no way a small magic crystal like that
could...]

I can understand Rei-san’s thoughts when he said he couldn’t believe it.
Because, as I recall, the magic crystal used on my magic tool is a substance
with a completely new property compared to ordinary magic crystals. Rei-san’s
reaction is normal. It’s just that Shiro-san is beyond the norm...

[By the way, that magic crystal was a gift to Kaito-san from Creator God-sama.]

[...Huh? N-No, w-what kind of absurdity are you...]

[H-He’s right, Sieg-chan... The Creator God-sama giving something to anyone,
I’ve never heard of anything like that before...]

[...I can understand why you think it’s unbelievable.]

[ [ ...Seriously? ] ]

[Yes.]

[ [ Eeeehhhh?! ] ]

It’s unusual for the Creator God Shiro-san to give something to a human being...
or perhaps, it’s even unprecedented in the past. When I saw them looking so
surprised, I realized once again what an amazing person she is... It’s kind of
hard to think like that though, as my image of her is an amazing person who’s a
bit of an airhead.

(I’ll have some fruit sticks as a souvenir too.)

Why did you just say that now?! You know that I went shopping for souvenirs
yesterday, right?! Why didn’t you just tell me that yesterday?!

(I dunno?)

...Let me correct that. She’s an amazing person who’s one heck of an airhead.

Things got busy at the breakfast table, explaining things and such, and before I
knew it, it was getting close to the time we were scheduled to leave.

[Well then, Rei-san, Fia-san, thank you for looking after me for the past few
days.]

[Yeah, we also had fun while you’re here.]

[Yes, come visit us again anytime you want.]

[...You and Sieg are now officially together anyway, so we consider you family.
Don’t be shy, feel free to visit us.]

[...Yes. Thank you.]

There are some aspects where they would joke around and they would cause a
ruckus, but I still think that both Rei-san and Fia-san are great people.
Feeling the corners of my eyes heat up a bit at the warm words echoing in my
ears, I deeply bowed my head and said my thanks. Then, following us on the front
door while Sieg-san and I left the house, they saw us off while greatly waving
their hands.

Incidentally, I decided to buy a souvenir for Shiro-san before we left... In
some ways or another, I’ve always been in her care, so if the person in question
wants it, there’s no reason for me to not buy it. It’s just, how do I give these
to her?

(Leave it to me. I’ll pick you up tomorrow.)

No, nno, leaving things to you without even hearing about how you’re going to do
it makes me really anxious. After all, it’s already been established that
Shiro-san is an airhead.

(Leave it to me.)

No, like I said...

(Leave it to me.)

...I understand. Please do it the proper way.
