---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 4: Invitation to the Six Kings Festival

After returning from Rigforeshia, I went to sleep in my room... when I found
myself in a familiar flower garden.

[Good morning, Kaito-san. I would like to receive my souvenir.]

[Ummm, Shiro-san? I have a lot of things I want to throw a tsukkomi at... but
what time is it now?]

[It’s been a minute since the date changed.]

[Well, it certainly is the next day huh?!]

I did tell her she could receive it tomorrow, but this is just too unexpected.
No, well, it’s Shiro-san after all, so I guess there’s no point in getting into
it too deeply?

[Errr, here it is. My souvenir, fruit sticks.]

[Thank you. I’m very happy... However, it’s a bit too much. I may not be able to
eat it all by myself. Ahh, if only someone would eat it with me...]

She started to perform some kind of skit. Moreover, the fact that she’s sneaking
glances at me, together with her usual inflectionless voice, was quite surreal.
Rather, this is definitely that, right?

[...Shiro-san, I’ll ask this just in case... but is there no option where I can
go home without eating with you?]

[None.]

[...I see. Well, if Shiro-san is fine with it, would you like to eat with me?]

[Let’s do that.]

Well, guess I’ll just think of it as a little evening snack. In fact, I’m
somewhat hungry, so I guess this is just right. With that in mind, I gave my
consent, and with a light wave of her finger, Shiro-san prepared a table, chairs
and some tea. Taking my seat as prompted, the late night tea party went
underway...

[Ummm, Shiro-san... Is something the matter?]

[What are you talking about?]

[No, it’s fine if it’s just my imagination... but somehow, the atmosphere was
different than usual, or rather, I feel like you’re a little tense...]

[...]

I can’t perfectly read Shiro-san’s emotions, and my Sympathy Magic doesn’t work
on her either. That’s why, this was just my hunch. However, it seems that
Shiro-san had an idea about what I was talking about, as she stopped drinking
her tea for a bit and fell silent.

[...I’m sorry for calling you at this hour today.]

[No, don’t worry about it. However, you somehow feel different from usual.]

Even though it was this time of the day, since it was always daytime in the God
Realm, I don’t think I would have known if Shiro-san hadn’t told me the time.
However, Shiro-san slightly bowed her head and apologized.

[...Why, I wonder? I myself don’t really know. It would have been fine if I had
waited until Kaito-san got up... but perhaps, I wanted to see your face as soon
as possible.]

[...Did something happen?]

[Something happened, and something may have not... It may have already happened,
or it may not have happened yet.]

[What does that mean...]

[Fufu, I don’t understand it either. However, seeing Kaito-san’s face, those
feelings seemed to go away.]

The tense feeling I had felt from Shiro-san earlier disappeared, with the corner
of her lips raising a bit as she said this. I get the feeling that she was
somewhat enjoying our conversation.

[Hmmm. If Shiro-san doesn’t understand, I wouldn’t understand it either... I’m
glad to see you’re feeling better than earlier.]

[...Kaito-san, are you worried about me?]

[Eh? Ah, yes. It certainly... may seem a little strange to worry about the
near-omnipotent God Shiro-san... but I would worry about someone I’m worried
about.]

[...]

Arehh? What is this? The atmosphere around here seems to have changed more
blatantly than before... Although the expression on her face shouldn’t have
changed, it somehow feels as if Shiro-san is sad.

[...Kaito-san... Why... are you...]

[Eh? Ummm...]

[...No, my apologies. It’s nothing.]

[...Is that so?]

Shiro-san was about to say something, but stopped mid-sentence. I could somehow
sense that she didn’t want me to go into it any further though, so I couldn’t
say anything else. After a few while, within an indescribable silence, eating
fruit sticks and drinking tea... Shiro-san quietly spoke.

[Emotions... Heart... They’re all very complicated things, aren’t they?]

[Shiro-san?]

[I have never felt so bitter that I am not omniscient than I am today. My own
heart... is something I couldn’t understand.]

[...I don’t think Shiro-san is the only one who feels that way though.]

[Eh?]

Hearing the words I quietly muttered, Shiro-san looked unusually astonished.

[Even I don’t know myself the best either. Before I knew it, I would sometimes
find myself doing the opposite of what I was thinking. There are many times I
find myself wondering what I wanted to do.]

[...It seems that was also the case for Kaito-san huh.]

[Yes, however... I think that those uncertainties were also part of what makes
up my heart. It’s difficult to express my heart and feelings, but I still want
to convey them to someone. I try to do a lot of things to achieve that, but
whether I will fail or succeed... Things might not go exactly as I want, but it
was still pleasurable.]

[...Things might not go exactly as I want... but it was still pleasurable.]

[I think Shiro-san is confused about a lot of things, not because you don’t
understand how you feel, but because you’re starting to understand. In that
case, I’m sure there’s no need to be in a hurry. That confusion is also part of
who Shiro-san is now, right?]

[...]

When Shiro-san heard my words, she closed her eyes and fell silent... And after
opening her eyes, she looked at the sky and spoke.

[...Kaito-san. Is it wrong to seek something I couldn’t obtain? Is it wrong to
choose any means to achieve it?]

[Hmmm. That’s difficult to answer. That might be wrong, but that could also be
right... However, I trust Shiro-san, so if you were to try to acquire something
by any means necessary... I think you have a good reason for that.]

[Would you despise me for that?]

[No, I wouldn’t. I may not agree with some of the details to whatever you want
to do, but that isn’t a reason for me to deny what Shiro-san desires.]

I don’t know what the meaning of this exchange was. I don’t even know what the
almost omnipotent Shiro-san wants to acquire. However, I think this conversation
is necessary for Shiro-san.

[...Thank you, Kaito-san. It seems like I was a little distressed.]

[I’m glad if I could help you solve your problems, but was I able to help you in
some way?]

[Yes. As expected, I just can’t seem to give up. That’s why, I have decided to
struggle.]

[U-Unnn? Errr, are you talking about that thing you wanted to acquire?]

When I asked that to Shiro-san, who spoke of such a thing in a voice unlike
usual, sounding somewhat refreshed... Shiro-san gave me a slightly mischievous,
yet incredibly dazzling smile.

[That is... still a secret.]

---

The 9th day of the Wind month.

In the late afternoon of the day, when I was thinking that the Wind month was in
its midpoint, me, Aoi-chan, and Hina-chan were on our way to the reception room
where Lilia-san called us in.

[I wonder what’s going on? Telling us to quickly come there...]

[Hmmm. Normally, that would mean that there’s a guest but... A guest who wants
to see us three?]

[I don’t think I can think of anyone like that.]

The fact that I was called into the reception room, I could assume that we have
a guest. If I, alone, or either of the two of them was called, it would have
been understandable, but if it was a common guest of us three, it would be very
limited. Hina-chan was tilting her head in curiosity, while Aoi-chan had a
puzzled look on her face, as if she also doesn’t have any idea who that guest
could be... In fact, I’m feeling a little anxious about what’s going to happen.
Reaching the reception room quickly, we knocked on the door before we entered
the room... Inside were Lilia-san who called us out, as well as Lunamaria-san
and Sieg-san. Other than them, there was also a cat-eared woman in the reception
room... Who could it be? I don’t recognize her at all.

[Everyone, I apologize for suddenly calling you out.]

[N-No, Lilia-san... Did someone come to visit us?]

[No, to be exact... Along with me, Luna and Sieg, she has come to visit for the
six of us.]

[ [ [ Eh? ] ] ]

Hearing what Lilia-san said, the three of us tilted our heads again, still not
understanding the situation. Lilia-san, Lunamaria-san, Sieg-san, Aoi-chan,
Hina-chan and me... What do all of us have in common... Thereupon, as if to
answer our question, the cat-eared woman spoke.

[I could understand why everyone is confused. Let me explain it to you in
order... Ah, before that, I’m Caraway. I’m a Viscount-level, high-ranking Demon.
I have come this day as an envoy for the Six Kings. It’s a pleasure to make your
acquaintance.]

[Ah, yes. Errr... I’m Miyama Kaito.]

[I’m Kusunoki Aoi.]

[I’m Yuzuki Hina.]

After the cat-eared woman... Caraway-san briefly introduced herself, she sat
down at the seat Lunamaria-san had prepared for her.

[Well then, let me tell you first the business as to why I have been sent. I
have been entrusted by the Six Kings this day, to give everyone their
invitations.]

[...Invitations?]

Hearing Caraway-san’s words, telling us that she has brought an invitation from
the Six Kings, Lilia-san asked on our behalf.

[Yes. Within a duration of 7 days, from the 24th to the 30th day of the Fire
month, a festival jointly held by the Six Kings in the Demon Realm... The Six
Kings Festival will be held.]

[A collaboration of the Six Kings?]

[...That’s unheard of.]

Lilia-san was astonished by Caraway-san’s words, and Lunamaria-san also muttered
in surprise. Of course, that’s the same for us too, as we’re speechless,
startled by the information that the top of the Demon Realm is collaborating to
do something. Caraway-san explained to us in detail. This would be the first
year that the Six Kings Festival has been held, and thus, the number of
participants is restricted... And she said that it’s limited to only those who
have an invitation sent by the Six Kings. The festival will be held for 7 days,
with each of the Six Kings organizing the festival for 6 days one by one, and as
for the 7th day, it will be the day of the festival where all the Six Kings will
participate. The venue is a large island in the Demon Realm, and it seems that
you can be picked up and dropped off, free of charge, by the Flying Dragon
Services prepared by Magnawell-san.

[...Does anyone have any questions so far?]

[N-No, we’re fine.]

[Well then, everyone, here...]

When Caraway-san confirmed that we had somewhat understood what the Six Kings
Festival was, she took out neatly decorated envelopes and handed it to us in
turn.

[In that envelope, you will find your invitation sent by the Six Kings... Though
each invitation has a rank.]

[...A rank?]

[Yes, there are six types of ranks: iron, bronze, silver, gold, platinum, and
the highest rank, black. The criteria for the rank is simple: “It depends on the
number of Six Kings who sent you their invitations”. The higher the rank, the
more privileges you get and the more luxurious, the “memorabilia” you will
receive.]

[...M-Memorabilia?]

[Yes, to celebrate the first time that the Six Kings Festival has been held, the
guests will receive a memorabilia from the Six Kings who invited them. Please
check your invitations for that information, as they should be listed on it.]

[W-Well then, I will start...]

At Caraway-san’s urging, the homeowner, Lilia-san, opened her envelope first.
Thereupon, from inside Lilia-san’s envelope, a slightly large card with a shiny
platinum color came out.

[...Wonderful. Lilia-sama has received a platinum-ranked invitation huh... It
looks like you’ve received an invitation from five of the Six Kings.]

[R-Really?]

[Yes, please open the invitation. Inside are the names of the Six Kings who
invited you and the names of the memorabilias you will receive.]

[Y-Yes... Eh?]

As urged by Caraway-san, Lilia-san opens her invitation, and she completely
stiffened. After a little while, she began to sweat profusely. Curious about her
reaction, we all walked behind Lilia-san and quietly peeked at the invitation.

Lilia-san’s platinum-colored invitation had the Six Kings who invited Lilia-san
and their memorabilias, just like Caraway-san said but... The contents were...

```
<Death King: Isis Remnant>

Memorabilia: A Mountain That Could be Mined in the Northern Area of the Demon Realm

<World King: Lillywood Yggdrasil>

Memorabilia: Fruit of the World Tree

<War King: Megiddo Argetes Borgnes>

Memorabilia: A Cask of Devil’s Wine

>Phantasmal King: No Face>

Memorabilia: One Holy Sword, Excalibur

<Underworld King: Kuromueina>

Memorabilia: A State-of-the-Art Teleportation Magic Tools
```

—filled up with outrageous stuff.

[...W-What is... t-this... this is... Kyuuuu\~\~]

[Milady?!]

All of them look like they’re dangerous memorabilias... No, they’re items that
aren’t on the level of mere memorabilias anymore, as they have greatly exceeded
Lilia-san’s tolerance level and made Lilia-san faint. While looking at Lilia-san
with pity, the next person to open her envelope was Sieg-san... Sieg-san’s
invitation was bronze and she seems to have received invitations from two of the
Six Kings.

```
<War King: Megiddo Argetes Borgnes>

Memorabilia: Premium Alcohol Set

<Phantasmal King: No Face>

Memorabilia: Wyvern Leather Wallet
```

—Is what was written there. Perhaps, Megiddo-san was praising Sieg-san because
of what happened before, and Alice might have invited her because they had once
fought together. Lunamaria-san, Aoi-chan, and Hina-chan seemed to have been
invited by Kuro, and Lunamaria-san seemed to be especially happy about it.

![Insert 3](../../_Images/v08/Insert3.png#.insert)

And a little while later, Lilia-san regained her consciousness and gathered with
everyone, staring at me... No, at the envelope in my hand.

[...I-I’m afraid of Kaito-san’s invitation.]

[...Lilia-san’s memorabilias were quite tremendous, but thinking that
Kaito-san’s would be more than that...]

[K-Kaito-senpai, please open it!]

[U-Unnn.]

Pushed by everyone’s appeal, I opened the envelope I was holding... And from
inside comes an overflowingly high-class, jet-black invitation.

[I-I’m surprised... For it to be a black rank... That means you’ve received an
invitation from all the Six Kings... I had been informed that this time, the Six
Kings have only prepared one black rank invitation among all the invitations
that were sent to the Human Realm.]

[E-Eeeehhhh...]

Why do I kinda feel like something outrageous just happened? How strange. I
mean, this should just be something like receiving an invitation, right... No, I
certainly know all the Six Kings but...

And thus, not only Lilia-san and the others... but also Caraway-san came around
behind me. Before their gazes, I timidly opened the invitation.

```
<Death King: Isis Remnant>

Memorabilia: 10 Books of Long, Ancient Grimoires About Forbidden Arts
```

Wait a moment there, Isis-san?! Why the heck is there something outrageously
dangerous written here?! What the heck am I supposed to do with that?!

```
<World King: Lillywood Yggdrasil>

Memorabilia: Seedling of the World Tree
```

A seedling?! No, no, wait a freaking wait... Are you telling me to raise this?
The World Tree?

```
<War King: Megiddo Argetes Borgnes>

Memorabilia: Sacred Wine
```

The heck is that?! Just the combination of those words frightens me, you know?!
This is alcohol, right?

```
<Dragon King: Magnawell Baskus Lardo Kurtzvald>

Memorabilia: Dragon King’s Fangs, Dragon King’s Claws
```

Stop right there!!! Magnawell-san’s fangs and claws? No, no, just one of them
would be about the size of a building, you know?! What the heck do you want me
to do with that?!

```
<Phantasmal King: No Face>

Memorabilia: Holy Sword Laevateinn and Demonic Sword Calamity
```

What’s the point of giving me those things that sound like legendary swords,
idiot!!! You want me to save the world?! Neun-san had already saved it before!!!

```
<Underworld King: Kuromueina>

Memorabilia: A State-of-the-Art Autopilot-powered Magic Ship (Storage Magic Box Included)
```

A freaking ship?! That isn’t something you use as memorabilia, you know?! Which
world do you use “ships” as a measure of memorabilias?! ...This world? ...The
heck is that, that’s scary. I mean, a magic box that can hold a whole ship is
absurdly expensive in itself...

G-Geez, it isn’t just on the level of outrageous anymore... H-How the heck did
this happen...

I received an invitation to the Six Kings Festival, the first festival that will
be held jointly by the Six Kings in the Demon Realm. What was written on it
was—Several memorabilias that made me doubt my eyes.

The invitation to the Six Kings Festival brought by Caraway-san, the Six Kings’
envoy... completely astonished by the astonishing memorabilia listed there.

[I can understand why you’re surprised. I was actually surprised as well but...
My apologies, but may we proceed with the explanations?]

[Ah, yes. Excuse us.]

Apparently, the explanations are still going on, and Caraway-san calmly called
out to us, to which Lilia-san flusteredly nodded. Thereupon, Caraway-san
straightened her posture and spoke with a serious expression on her face.

[Now then, on to the privileges. One would be granted privileges according to
the rank of your invitation.]

[...Privileges?]

[Yes. Those who have been invited can bring an escort... or you could say, a
companion along if they were to request for their tickets in advance.]

[I see. There certainly would be lots of nobles invited, so this is a necessary
measure.]

As for those who have received an invitation, it seems that they are allowed to
have uninvited people accompany them as their escorts.

[However, the range of action and number of companions will vary depending on
their rank. Bronze and Iron ranks are limited to one person, and their range of
action is quite limited. Silver and Gold ranks are allowed to invite up to three
people, and they are allowed to enter all areas of the venue except the Central
Tower.]

[...I see, so what about Milady’s Platinum and Miyama-sama’s Black?]

[Platinum ranks are allowed to invite up to five companions, and they are
allowed to enter all areas of the venue except the “Central Tower”. In addition,
the guests with Platinum-ranked invitations may buy any merchandise in any stall
for “half the price”.]

[I-I can have a discount?!]

Apparently, the platinum rank is the one that sets you apart from the rest, and
it even comes with a discount from stalls. It seems that this is only applicable
to those who hold the invitation and not to those that are accompanying them...
But still, that’s quite tremendous.

[...And as for the Black rank... You don’t have any limit to the number of
people who can accompany you or the areas you can enter. It means that you can
even bring as many as hundreds of people with you.]

[...Ehh?]

[Plus, if you present your Black-ranked invitation, all establishments and
merchandise will be “free of charge”, but this would only apply for you.]

[Free?!]

Apparently, the Black rank is even more prestigious... I could get anything for
free and take as many people with me as I want. No, well, fortunately, I don’t
know hundreds of people like that... In response to me, being really stunned by
her words, Caraway-san continued to speak with a gentle smile on her face.

[Next, those with invitations of Gold rank and higher are also eligible to
participate in the party hosted by the Six Kings at the Central Tower on the 7th
day.]

[That also sounds kind of awesome...]

[Yes, as the Six Kings will be attending, it shows how prestigious it is. It is
said that less than a hundred people are eligible to participate.]

[...That means, the only people who can participate in that are Lilia-san and
I.]

Being able to participate in a party hosted by the Six Kings would probably be a
big status for the nobles. That’s why it seems that the restrictions on
participation are much stricter than others.

[And lastly, Miyama-sama...]

[Y-Yes.]

[I’m told that the Six Kings will arrange accommodations for the Black ranks for
the duration of the event... Is there anything written on your invitation?]

[Eh? Errr...]

After hearing Caraway-san’s words, I looked at the envelope that contained the
invitation... and found a card that was slightly smaller than the invitation.

“Central Tower, Top Floor, Special Suite Room”

...I’m feeling dizzy. Reading its name, it’s probably a tower that is erected in
the middle of the venue but... Is that also some kind of public shame play?
...No, would the others know about it? Well, however, thinking about that suite
room... Is it just my imagination? I have a very bad feeling about it. To be
specific, I’m feeling afraid that the room prepared would be far more luxurious
and gaudy than I imagined...

[I suppose it means that the Black rank Miyama-sama is one of the biggest and
most important guests for the Six Kings... That’s splendid.]

[I-Is that so...]

[Yes! It’s a great honor!]

Looking at Caraway-san who looked a bit excited while grasping her hands
together, I could only give her a vague reply. Something tells me this is going
to be very tiring again, and as I was thinking like that... I watched
Caraway-san in a daze as she explained some finer details.

After the explanation was over, Caraway-san decided to leave the mansion to head
to the next location. Though it may not be all of us, Lilia-san and I saw
Caraway-san off at the door, but right at that moment when we were about to say
goodbyes... Caraway-san turned to me and gave me a serious look.

[...Miyama-sama, I want to talk to you about something personal, but do you
mind?]

[Eh? Ah, yes.]

[I’m sorry!]

[...Ehh? Yes?]

I was wondering what she personally wanted to talk about, not as an envoy for
the Six Kings but... For some reason, Caraway-san deeply bowed her head to me
and apologized. Eh? What is this? What’s going on? Why am I being apologized to
by someone I just met today?

[...When Miyama-sama came to this world, “I was the one who casted Recognition
Inhibition Magic on you”.]

[...Eh?]

[I was blinded by greed and was very rude to you. It isn’t something I can
apologize and be forgiven for... but I just wanted to say these few words.
Please, feel free to laugh at me for being self-satisfied for this.]

[...]

Looking at Caraway-san, who desperately had her head low and was telling me that
it was for her own satisfaction, after a brief moment of silence, I wryly
smiled.

[...Please raise your head. I don’t care about that matter at all.]

[...H-However...]

[Look, it’s not like anything happened to me anyway...]

If we’re talking about if the Recognition Inhibition Magic did any real harm to
me at that time, then the worst that happened was that I got lost... That’s the
reason why I met Kuro though, so I’m rather grateful to her instead. Telling her
that I don’t care about that matter while thinking about that, with her head
still bowed down, Caraway-san stiffened. Perhaps, she didn’t expect my reaction
and didn’t know what to do.

[...Then, how about we do it like this? I’ve certainly received Caraway-san’s
apology, and I forgave you for that. So, Caraway-san, please don’t worry about
it either.]

[...Miyama-sama.]

[Thank you so much for your courteous explanation today. If we ever meet again,
I would be happy if you treat me as an acquaintance you can be carefree with.]

[...Yes.]

Hearing my suggestion to let bygones be bygones already, Caraway-san slowly
looks up. Then, she turned to me and gave me a soft smile that made her cat-ears
pretty.

[Thank you. Miyama-sama... I’m sure we’ll see each other again at the Six Kings
Festival, but in that case, please let me know if I could be of assistance.]

[Errr.]

[I want to thank you for your generosity. I would be happy to help in any way I
can.]

[...Yes. Well then, if there’s an opportunity like that, I will be in your
care.]

When I nodded, Caraway-san got down on one knee and after giving me a
knight-like bow, she stood up.

[...Well then, everyone, I’ll see you all at the Six Kings Festival.]

[Yes. Good luck with your work, Caraway-san.]

[Thank you... Excuse me then.]

With that, Caraway-san light bowed her head again and left with a smile on her
face. After she was out of sight, Lilia-san and I were about to return to the
mansion, when I suddenly heard a small mutter.

[...You’re as kind as usual... aren’t you?]

[...Eh?]

While saying such praise that doesn’t sound like she’s being sarcastic at all,
Lilia-san returned to the mansion a step ahead of me.
