---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 5: Kaito's Weakness, Lunamaria's Secret

The 10th Day of the Wind month.

On that day, I was in despair.

I had expected that this day might come, but it seems that today really is the
day. Yes, it happened while I was eating dinner at Lilia-san’s mansion. Putting
the fork down on the plate I was about to eat, I quietly shook my head.

[...Kaito-senpai? What’s the matter?]

[A-Ahhh, no, it’s just that I don’t have any appetite...]

[Are you alright, Kaito-san? You look kind of pale...]

[Ah, no, I’m fine.]

Hina-chan and Aoi-chan, who were sitting near me, called out to me with concern,
but I couldn’t hide the discomfort that was crawling through my body as I tried
my best to reply with a smile. It seems that she has felt my discomfort, as
Lilia-san hurriedly rushed over to me. This was my biggest miscalculation
though.

[Kaito-san?! Are you alright?! Are you not feeling well...]

[Ah, no...]

[I was being careless. No matter how much the blessings keep us from getting
sick, your body could still weaken from something like fatigue... Luna?! Get a
doctor right away!]

[Eh? Ah, you’re mistaken?!]

Areh?? This is bad, I felt like the situation had turned serious. No, no, you’re
worrying too much, Lilia-san... Isn’t it a bit too much even though I just said
that I don’t have any appetite?! Or rather, w-what should I do... This flow of
conversation... How the heck did this happen?

[Milady, unfortunately, finding one at this time of day is difficult, and I
don’t think Miyama-sama’s situation is that serious so... Why don’t we just let
him take a night’s rest for the time being and look at his situation again
tomorrow?]

[T-That’s right! I-I think that’s a good idea too.]

Just for this day, I want to give Lunamaria-san my thumbs up. That’s a great
follow up... With this, Lilia-san would also...

[That’s no good! If we do that, what will you do if Kaito-san “dies”?!]

[I’m not going to die, you know?! Eh? Do I really look that bad?!]

It seems that it wasn’t effective to the worrywart Lilia-san, as she wasn’t
easily convinced, and for some unknown reason, me, the person who Lilia-san is
supposed to be worried about, is soothing her along with Lunamaria-san.
Thereupon, somehow, we somehow managed to convince Lilia-san that I will be
getting one good night’s rest... and if I didn’t feel better, it was decided
that we would call for a doctor tomorrow.

Laid down on the bed in my room with a wet towel on my forehead, I began
thinking. How did I get into this mess? I-I can’t say it, I can’t tell them now
that I’m “not really sick or anything like that”... No, in the first place, did
I ever tell them that I was feeling sick?! Just because I said that I don’t have
any appetite, you’re treating me like a sick person?! Seriously, how the heck
did this happen...

As I was thinking about this, the door to the room that had been quiet was
vigorously opened.

[Kaito-kun?! A-Are you alright?! I heard you were sick, so I rushed over!]

[...Where did you even hear that from...]

[From Shalltear... Ahh, that’s right! I brought you some fruits! Can you eat?]

[Eh? T-Than—wait, that’s a lot! What’s with that amount?!]

Kuro bursts into the room, looking very flustered, and reaching into her black
coat... She pulls out a large amount of fruit, enough to fill half the room.
Then, turning her back to the pile of fruits, Kuro comes closer to me, who is
lying on the bed, with a look of concern on her face.

[Are you alright? Does it hurt anywhere? Should I change your towel?]

[Ahh, no, I’m really okay...]

[R-Really? That’s good...]

Hearing me say that I’m fine, Kuro patted her chest in relief. She then prepared
a small chair and sat down beside the bed.

[However, for you to suddenly get sick... I guess you were really accumulating
quite the fatigue huh? You need to get some rest.]

[...Ah, no, you see... K-Kuro...]

[Unnn?]

[A-Actually... I’m not really sick...]

[...Eh?]

I was already at the limits of my conscience. The fact that the other party is
Kuro may have had an influence in it, as I couldn’t hide it any longer and
slowly began to explain the real situation.

[...E-Errr... To sum everything up... Kaito-kun doesn’t want to eat “a food you
disliked”, so you said that you don’t have any appetite, and because of that,
everyone misunderstood?]

[...Yes... That’s right.]

I’m so embarrassed right now that I want to disappear... Yes, in the end, the
cause for all this ruckus is just because of this. In fact... I think it’s
pathetic since I feel like a young child, but I hate “bell peppers”. Unnn, I’m
just really weak with them. Maybe it’s because I have strong memories of hating
it as a child, but I can’t help but reject that.

I was originally apprehensive about it. In this world, there are ingredients
with different names than the ones in my world, such as ripple fruit. So, I had
been on the lookout, wondering if there might be bell peppers in this world
somewhere, but I hadn’t encountered them even after quite a few days of living
in this world, so I somehow let down my guard. Then, unbeknownst to me, there
was a bell pepper in today’s dinner that I brought in my mouth... and recognized
them by the taste I hated spreading in my mouth.

Thinking about it now, I could have just honestly told them that I really hated
that food, but in front of my two junior girls and my own girlfriend, I was too
embarrassed to mention that I didn’t like bell peppers, and my petty pride got
in the way.

...My bad, Aoi-chan, Hina-chan... I was looking pale simply because I hated the
taste of bell peppers.

...I’m sorry, Lilia-san... I said that I didn’t have any appetite, but I
actually just didn’t want to eat bell peppers.

[H-Hmmm. Lilia-chan being hasty in making decisions may be a problem but...
Kaito-kun, you also need to apologize for worrying about her.]

[...Unnn.]

[Well, I’m really glad you’re okay, Kaito-kun.]

[...Kuro.]

Kuro looked dumbfounded when she heard me, but it quickly changed to a gentle
smile. Immediately after that, Kuro’s coat rippled and transformed into
something like a cooking table, and she also had an apron over her clothing.

[If you hadn’t eaten dinner properly, you must be hungry, right? Hold on a
second. I can’t make anything too fancy, but I’ll make you something.]

[Uuuuu, thanks, Kuro.]

[Fufu, I’m Kaito-kun’s lover after all.]

After saying that and giving me a big smile, Kuro took out some meat and eggs,
and started cooking. I didn’t see any point in lying down on the bed anymore
either, so I got up and decided to watch Kuro cook. The way Kuro cooks seems
like she’s accustomed to it... She at least looks more deftly than I did, and
soon, the room begins to be engulfed in a fragrant, delicious scent. Mmmm, but
I’m sure it’s partly because she’s wearing an apron, but she looks really
homely... Seeing Kuro like this is somehow good too...

After a while, it looks like the meal is complete, and Kuro places an omelet
with small dice of meat in front of me. The half-boiled omelet is accented by
the savory grilled meat and looks very tasty.

[Now, eat up.]

[Thank you for the meal.]

I was quite hungry, having barely touched my dinner, so I quickly put my hands
together and brought the omelet to my mouth. The soft egg envelops the meat
exquisitely, and every time I bite into it, the juicy, overflowing meat spreads
a happy savoriness in my mouth.

[Tasty...]

[Really? That’s great\~\~]

The eggs enhance the flavor of the meat, while acting in harmony with the eggs,
the meat enhances its gentle flavors. This is really good. I especially like
meat, I wonder what meat this is? The chewiness feels like beef, but it was
completely different from it... Anyway, there was some deepness in it, and yet,
it has a mild and clean aftertaste. Stimulated by the captivating taste of this
meat, I asked Kuro.

[Kuro? This really delicious meat, what kind of meat is this?]

[Unnn? Ahhh, that’s the meat of a “Giant Mantis”.]

[Bfuuuhh?!]

[Kaito-kun?!]

Eh? Wait a moment? What did she just say? Giant Mantis? ...When she mentioned
Mantis... Did she mean that insect with two scythes? The moment I grasped the
meaning of Kuro’s words, a great amount of sweat began to flow down my body.
N-No more, I don’t want the meat of this world anymore... I thought I’ve become
accustomed to this world, but I think it will take some time for me to become
used to this world’s food culture.

[Did you eat too vigorously? You have to eat slowly, okay...]

[U-Unnn...]

W-What should I do... The moment I realized it was the meat of a mantis, it felt
like the tablewares became incredibly heavy. H-However, Kuro went out of her way
to cook this for me... I-I can’t leave anything behind. I-I guess I have no
choice but to eat it huh? Damn it, if this was going to happen, I should have
finished the whole thing first before I asked...

As I was thinking about that and trying to prepare myself, Kuro suddenly clapped
her hands, as if she had an idea.

[That’s right! I forgot... I heard from Shalltear about a way of eating that
Kaito-kun would like!]

[...Eh?]

[W-Well, it’s a bit embarrassing but...]

Information from Alice? The heck is that? I somehow feel like this has happened
before... That’s right. It was when I was with Isis-san! Eh? Does that mean she
would do that? She would feed me, saying Ahhn with the spoon held in her hand?
W-Well, if it’s just that...

Anticipating what’s about to happen, I handed Kuro the plate... and for some
reason, Kuro cut off a bit of the omelet, and “put it into her mouth”... Eh?
Why? Thereupon, she quickly approached me, who stiffened at her unexpected
actions, and briskly reached out her hands... And brought my face close...

[Hnnn...]

[Mgnnhh?!]

Kuro’s lips met mine, and immediately afterwards, along with the sensation of my
mouth being pushed open, I felt the omelet pushed into my mouth along with
Kuro’s tongue. C-C-C-Could this be m-mouth-to-mouth feeding... T-This is no
good, I feel like my mind is melting... I feel like the meat within my mouth
tastes very sweet.

[...E-Errr... What do you think? Is it delicious?]

[Eh? A-Ahhh, u-unnn.]

I should apologize to Kuro... the taste didn’t come into my mind at all! Or
rather, Alice?! Of all the methods there are, why the heck did she tell her
about this...

[That’s great\~\~ There’s still “lots” over here! My mouth is a bit small, so it
might take us a while... But I’ll properly feed you “all of it”!]

[...]

Kuro looked a bit embarrassed as she said that with a bright smile on her cute
cheeks, but the words she said felt like a death sentence in my ears. Heaven and
hell have come together at the same time?! W-What the heck should I do here... I
can’t do anything at all. The door is blocked by that pile of fruits, and Kuro
is ready to feed me all the rest of the omelet into my mouth... Ahh, this is no
good. I can’t escape.

---

The next day, the 11th day of the Wind month.

As soon as I woke up in the morning, I honestly told Lilia-san and the others
what happened yesterday and apologized. Of course, I was very embarrassed, but
when I told her that I didn’t like bell peppers, how should I say this... she
was looking at me with warm eyes... making me feel like burying my head into a
hole. Moreover, I can’t stop people from talking about it, and it quickly
spreads throughout the house... By mid-afternoon, it was already a known fact in
the mansion that I hated bell peppers. The Head Chef was looking at me like a
parent to her child and asked “I know what food you don’t like, but do you have
a food you like?”. I’ve learned that badly faking something can lead to bad
things, so I honestly answered... That I like burger steaks...

After hearing that, the Head Chef chuckled for a moment and then said we were
going to have burger steaks for dinner tonight, which made me even more
embarrassed. I don’t know if it’s because of our age difference or if the Head
Chef thinks of me like a son, but I feel like she was thinking about an
enjoyable memory. I mean, by saying that my favorite food is burger steaks and
how I dislike bell peppers... Does that mean I have a child’s sense of taste?
It’s kind of sad that I can’t deny it. Incidentally, the ones who reacted kindly
were Sieg-san and Lilia-san. Neither of them brought up my tastes, and just
smiled at me, saying that they were glad that I wasn’t sick.

However, there obviously are others who are amused... Unnn, it goes without
saying. It’s that useless maid.

[...Oya? If it isn’t the Bell pepper-hating Miyama-sama.]

[...]

Lunamaria-san looked really cheerful, as if she was a fish swimming in the
waters, and she was like this when we just happened to pass each other in the
hallway. The expression on her face as she looked at me with a grin feels as if
she holds the power of gods in her hands, looking outrageously annoying... but I
know that she would have more fun when she sees that I’m annoyed. So, I decided
to try a slightly different approach as a way to fight back.

[...Speaking of which, I just overheard this from somewhere... but I heard
something about Lunamaria-san not being good with bugs...]

[...W-Why are you...]

What I heard in the course of a conversation I had with Lilia-san over tea
before... It seemed to be working better than I expected, as Lunamaria-san
pulled away the smile on her lips and looked shaken.

[No, it’s not like I have anything I’m trying to say anything by mentioning that
but...]

[...M-Miyama-sama, c-can we talk about something unrelated to that?]

[Eh? Yes.]

[...No, you see, I think it’s natural that we all have things we dislike and
things we’re not good at. I think that’s an inevitable part of our personality
and I don’t think it’s something that we should be ashamed of.]

[...I see, I guess you’re right.]

I was tempted to tell her to remember the expression she just had and the words
she spoke just now, but I held back and waited for what Lunamaria-san would say
next. Probably because I thought it would be more beneficial for me.

[Therefore, it would be unbecoming of a human being to show it off as a
shortcoming... S-So, how about the both of us put it that way?]

[...You really hate bugs that much huh...]

[So much that I hope those creatures perish from this world.]

[...I-I see.]

In other words, Lunamaria-san was suggesting that... From now on, Lunamaria-san
will not make fun of my dislike of bell peppers. In return, she’s suggesting
that I also not make fun of Lunamaria-san’s dislike of bugs... just like some
kind of truce agreement. It seems that she hates bugs more than I thought...
Perhaps, Lunamaria-san was afraid that I’ll get angry and catch some bugs.

[I understand what you’re saying. We wouldn’t interfere with each other about
these matters... How about it?]

[I have no objection to it.]

Anyway, I’m also feeling embarrassed about being teased for my childish tastes,
so I’ll take Lunamaria-san’s suggestion. And thus, this is how a strange sense
of solidarity is created between me and Lunamaria-san...

Other than Lunamaria-san, it seems that there was also someone else who seemed
to enjoy hearing about my dislike of bell peppers.

[Fufu, Kaito-senpai also had quite the childish side of you huh... It’s kind of
cute.]

[Ugghhh... H-Hina-chan? That’s not a compliment, you know?]

Hina-chan happily said that while we’re in the middle of our run, something we
do sometimes, and she seems to be having fun since this morning. However, I
don’t feel like she’s teasing me like Lunamaria-san, but rather, she’s genuinely
having fun, knowing an unexpected side of me. But please remember this, telling
a man that he’s cute isn’t a complim... No, it may be a compliment to some guys
out there, but it’s not a compliment to me.

[Ahaha, sorry. However, when a guy who seems like he can do everything, seeing
how they can’t do something or was weak against something, it’s great since they
make him look more approachable.]

[H-Hmmm. I-Is that so?]

[Ahh, but I feel like there are more things that Kaito-senpai can’t do though.
You’re sometimes unreliable.]

[Gafhuuaa?! H-Hina-chan... That’s quite harsh of you...]

Hina-chan’s words, which she happily told me, did super effective damage to my
tiny pride. I feel like it even dealt a critical hit on me... Maybe this is
proof that we’ve grown closer to each other, but I feel like my two kouhais have
been quite unlenient of me lately... It seems that it was impossible for me to
have the position of being the reliable senpai. As I was thinking that,
Hina-chan shook her hands, looking slightly flustered, and continued speaking.

[Ah, it’s not like I’m making fun of senpai or anything like that, okay? Rather,
it’s just because I’m rather familiar with senpai and I, ummm, like you quite a
bit.]

[...Eh?]

[...It’s true that there are a lot of things that Kaito-senpai can’t do, but
just as much... No. You have much, muuuucch, more good things about you. You’re
gentle and warm, and it was really fun being with you... Plus, when it matters,
you look really cool... That’s why I think that you’re a wonderful person.]

[...T-Thanks.]

Hina-chan’s cheeks were as red as apples when she told me that, and the bashful
smile on her lips was very bright.

[I-I’m sorry?! I-I ended up saying something strange! Come on, let’s get pumped
up and run!]

[Ehh? Ah, wait?! Too fast?!]

[Hey, come on, Kaito-senpai\~\~ You’ll be left behind, you know\~\~]

[W-Wait... As expected, running that fast is...]

Seeing Hina-chan happily speeding up, I hurriedly followed her, astonished at
her speed which is probably even faster than my full sprint. U-Unnn. She’s that
fast even without Body Enhancing Magic... I guess I really can’t become a
reliable senpai. Well, you could say that it’s just like me... I guess?

---

One day later, while I was having tea with my two kouhais, a topic was suddenly
brought up. The event that started it all was a question posed by Hina-chan, as
when she saw Lunamaria-san bringing her additional teacakes, it seemed as if
something had come up in her mind.

[Speaking of which, Luna-san, how did you get acquainted with Liia-san and
Sieg-san?]

[Oya. Is Yuzuki-sama curious about my past?]

[Yes. Somehow, there was this mysterious feel around Luna-san...]

Hearing the words Hina-chan said, Lunamaria-san doesn’t seem to be dissatisfied.

[Mysterious? Well, leaving that aside... If I remember correctly, wasn’t she
invited by Lilia-san? I remember hearing something like that.]

[I’m more interested in how she met Kuromu-sama.]

When Aoi-chan and I entered the conversation, interested in the topic of
Lunamaria-san’s past, I don’t know if it’s just my imagination, but
Lunamaria-san somehow had this proud smug look on her face.

[Hahaha, if you all insist that much, I guess it can’t be helped. I will tell
you a little about my fascinating past.]

[I’m looking forward to it. It feels as if I’m hearing about the ecology of a
dragon...]

[Who the heck are you saying is a monster... Lately, I feel like Miyama-sama is
rather relentless towards me. Even though you were kind to others, don’t you
think there’s discrimination at play here?]

[Please take a moment to reflect on your past conduct first.]

Indeed, I certainly may have become a little less reserved towards
Lunamaria-san. I think it’s partly because of Lunamaria-san’s personality, but
more than that, I feel that she’s somewhat similar to “a certain person”, so I
sometimes end up responding to her with a cold attitude. Well, in a way, I guess
you could say that we are getting to know each other better. Having this in
mind, I listened to Lunamaria-san’s stories about her past.

---

Her father had died before Lunamaria was old enough to be aware of things, and
her mother, Noir, had raised her single-handedly. Lunamaria had always loved her
mother, who had been kind and warm to her while working as a top-ranking
adventurer. She wanted to help her mother, but having Demon blood flowing in
half of her veins, Lunamaria’s growth was slow and her body began to grow only
when she finally reached the age of 40. It was inevitable that she would become
an adventurer. Under Noir’s tutelage, Lunamaria developed her skills and became
an adventurer, and in just a few short years, she had risen to the top of the
Adventurer world. After watching her daughter grow up, Noir retired from
adventuring at Lunamaria’s suggestion, and began to receive treatment for her
chronic anemia while visiting her doctor, Vier.

However, an incident occurred. It was about five years after Lunamaria had
become an adventurer. Lunamaria was indeed an excellent adventurer, but by no
means was she perfect. It wasn’t Lunamaria’s fault. She didn’t get too
self-conceited, she was well-prepared, and she was in tip-top shape... However,
she had overlooked a really small sign, so small that even a veteran adventurer
might overlook it, of a “mass stampede of monsters”. By the time Lunamaria
noticed it, she was already surrounded by a large number of monsters. Lunamaria
is strong, she is one of the top adventurers in the world. However, she was
gradually cornered by the sheer number of monsters generated by the stampede.
And when she was ready to die... it was her mother, Noir, who saved her.

[...Mom...]

[I’m glad I made it in time. I’ll handle this, so please run away, Lu-chan.]

Noir is a veteran adventurer who has completed many quests over the years.
That’s why, when she saw the duplicate copy of the quest form that Lunamaria
left in her room... From the description written on the quest form, she had
detected the signs of a stampede and thus, headed to Lunamaria’s rescue as fast
as she could. Not bothering to call for assistance and directly rushing to
Lunamaria paid off, as she was able to save Lunamaria just in the nick of time.

[...B-But...]

[Don’t worry, Mom is strong... okay?]

[?!]

Hearing the words Noir said with a smile while facing so many monsters that it
was ridiculous to even count them, Lunamaria read the thought held within her
words and turning her back on Noir, she started running. As she frantically ran
through the secluded forest... large drops of tears dripped down Lunamaria’s
eyes.

She knew it. That if she stayed behind, she would only be a liability...

She knew it. That the only thing she can do is to call for help...

She knew it. That despite her dislike for it, Noir drank a lot of animal blood
when she was working as an adventurer...

She knew it. That now that she has retired and doesn’t have to force herself to
drink animal blood, Noir no longer has the power she had in her prime...

She knew it. That if the situation stayed like this... Her beloved mother, the
most important person in the world for her, would die...

Lunamaria ran frantically, falling down several times along the way, forcibly
moving her body screaming in pain. Still, it was a long way before she reached a
human habitat... and she would never make it in time. Just as this thought
crossed her mind, Lunamaria’s foot was caught in the root of a trip, and she had
spectacularly fallen.

[...Uuuuu... Someone... help me...]

It was a voice so soft that it sounded like she’s squeezing it out of her mouth.
However, it did indeed change her fate.

[Unnn? Is someone there? Wait, you’re badly injured... I’ll be using Recovery
Magic, okay?]

Lunamaria knew the being in front of her... she’s one of the pinnacles of the
Demon Realm that she remembered seeing at the Festival of Heroes...

[...Underworld King... -sama...]

[Unnn?]

The moment she realized that the being in front of her was the Underworld
King... Kuromueina, Lunamaria jumped up and lowered her head so low that it was
rubbing on the ground, she desperately shouted.

[I’m begging you! Please help me! If this goes on, Mom will... Please! I’ll do
anything so please...]

She understood that her actions aren’t just on the level of being disrespectful
anymore. She knew that it wasn’t acceptable to beg for something from the Six
Kings... but still, Lunamaria wanted to cling upon the possibility that she
might grant her plea. Thereupon, as Lunamaria’s head was lowered, tears
incessantly flowing down her eyes, a hand was gently placed on her shoulder.

[Unnn. It’s alright... I’m going to help you, so can you tell me what was going
on?]

[Ahh... Uuuu, a... Monster... Stampede... Mom is facing them alone... I can’t do
anything...]

[Stampede... I see, so that’s why those monsters were afraid...]

After hearing Lunamaria’s story, Kuromueina looked like she was thinking about
something before she gave her a dazzling smile.

[Don’t worry, I will absolutely save your mother.]

[...Yes.]

The smile on her face, illuminated by the moonlight, made her look like the
messiah in Lunamaria’s eyes. From then on, Kuromueina’s actions were swift. She
immediately rushed to the place Lunamaria told her, eradicated a huge number of
monsters in an instant, and healed the severely injured Noir with Recovery
Magic... and carrying the unconscious Noir, she returned to where she left
Lunamaria.

[Mom?!]

[Don’t worry, she’s just unconscious. She’s alive and her injuries are healed.]

[A-Ahhh... Thank you very much! Thank you so much! I don’t know how to thank
you...]

[Don’t worry about it. I only helped you because I wanted to. Rather than that,
it was quite the disaster, wasn’t it? ...You did a great job. It’s alright now.
Come on, I’ll take you home.]

[...Yes.]

Lunamaria was relieved from the bottom of her heart. To the fact that her
beloved mother was still alive... Thereupon, Kuromueina brought Lunamaria and
Noir back to their home. After laying the unconscious Noir on the bed,
Kuromueina was about to leave, but Lunamaria stopped her.

[U-Ummm! Underworld King-sama!]

[Unnn?]

[I’m Lunamaria... I will not forget this debt! I’ll never forget it!!!]

[You don’t really have to worry that much about it. I’m Kuromueina. If fate
permits, I’ll see you again.]

[Yes!]

As Kuromueina left with a smile on her face, waving her hand at her, Lunamaria
saw her off, bowing her head several times until she was out of sight. From this
moment on, Kuromueina became her benefactor and the one she respected above
anyone else.

---

[And well, that’s how I met Kuromu-sama.]

[Heehhh... I see... I can see why you have such deep faith in Kuromu-sama.]

After Lunamaria finished talking about her encounter with Kuro, Aoi-chan spoke,
looking somewhat moved. Indeed, I think I could understand a bit of
Lunamaria-san’s fanaticism about Kuro, the most important person who saved her
in a pinch and who was her greatest benefactor.

[But indeed! It could be said that Underworld King-sama, at that time, was truly
like someone sent by the heavens. Her hair shines brighter than the starry
skies! Her beautiful eyes that make the jewels seem to be nothing but roadside
stones! Her loving and compassionate appearance was both divine and warm, as
if...]

[Ahh\~\~ Lunamaria-san. You’re going to take too long blabbering all that. Can I
ask you to go on to the next story?]

[...Erhem. I suppose. Well then, next would be how me and Lili... Milady had
met. If I’m not mistaken, it happened around the end of the year.]

When I called out to Lunamaria-san, who was about to go out of control,
Lunamaria-san got a hold of herself and started talking again.

---

Lunamaria was leisurely walking through the bustling royal capital as the end of
the year approached. She had already reached her limits in physical growth, and
was now tall enough to be considered an adult. She has already become a bit of a
celebrity in the kingdom as a top-ranked adventurer. And that top-ranked
adventurer is currently somewhat bored.

[...Mom’s at Big Sister Vier’s place, while there aren’t any good quests at the
moment. I don’t have anything to do huh.]

She didn’t have any particular plans other than picking up Noir in the evening.
As she was walking along the street, wondering what to do, Lunamaria suddenly
spotted a signboard.

[...Symphonia Kingdom Martial Arts Tournament... Ahh\~\~ Speaking of which, it
was that time of the year, wasn’t it? I guess this would be a good way to pass
the time.]

The martial arts tournament that Lunamaria saw on the signboard was held by the
Kingdom knights at the end of every year, and it was a tournament that one can
participate in even if you belong to the Knight Order. It’s a very popular event
that attracts the best of the best from all over the kingdom. Looking at the
sign and thinking for a moment, Lunamaria approached the stall selling admission
tickets and spoke.

[I’ll buy one ticket. I don’t mind having a standing seat.]

[Yes... Oya? You look familiar... Aren’t you “Black Lily Lunamaria”?]

[Ahh\~\~ I did have that nickname, didn’t I?]

[Is it alright to just watch and not join in? If it’s you, I think you’d do well
even against knights...]

Black Lily is Lunamaria’s nickname as a top-ranking adventurer, just as Noir is
known as the Bloody Princess. She professes her respect to the Underworld King
Kuromueina, and perhaps, in imitation of her, she always wears a long black coat
when working as an adventurer, which earned her that nickname. Although she
wasn’t wearing a long coat, and was instead wearing casual clothes, Lunamaria
was still relatively famous. The elderly woman at the reception desk noticed
that she was a top-ranking adventurer.

[Hmmm... What is the prize for winning this time?]

[It’s a dagger that apparently blows out wind.]

[Ahh\~\~ A dagger imbued with Air Cutter magic huh. It’s indeed rare and
valuable... but I can already cast Air Cutter by myself, and having to fight on
my day off sounds like a pain.]

[Is that so? That’s a shame... If you had participated, this tournament would
have been a gathering of “Symphonia’s Three Flowers”...]

Hearing the words that the woman said filled with disappointment, Lunamaria’s
eyebrows twitched.

[...Heehhh... That means the “White Rose” and “Red Camellia” are joining huh.]

[Yeah, it’s the first time that both of them are participating.]

[My, oh my, I’ve always wanted to see them, so this is the perfect timing.]

[They’re both very strong... Here, a standing seat. That will be 3R.]

[Thank you.]

In the Symphonia Kingdom, there are three people bearing the nickname related to
flowers, called the Three Flowers. The White Rose Valkyrie, Lilianne Lia
Symphonia, the Red Camellia Knight, Sieglinde, and Black Lily Adventurer,
Lunamaria... Delighted to be able to see the battle of those who were
unexpectedly named alongside her, Lunamaria received her admission ticket and
entered the arena.

The audience is now in a frenzy. This is because Lilianne, who has been called a
rare genius, smashed her opponent’s sword with her bare hands and won... While
watching that scene, Lunamaria drank the juice she bought at a store.

[...]

Her eyes were sharp as she glared at Lilianne, who is currently waving her hand
in response to the cheers. Lunamaria was enjoying herself to a certain extent in
the beginning, but now, she seems very bored... she had a look on her face as if
she had been waiting for something to appear. It was a disappointment... That’s
what Lunamaria thought. Those words... weren’t talking about the competency of
the participants.

[...I see, she’s one of those who smiles even when she has that bored look on
her face huh. As if she’s just a well-made doll... Just seeing her makes me
furious.]

The words she muttered were drowned out by the cheers, not reaching anyone’s
ears.

After becoming the runner-up in the martial arts competition, Lilianne was
walking down the aisle of the arena after responding to the praise she was
receiving. It was supposed to be a corridor for participants, and anyone who
wasn’t a participant of the tournament wasn’t supposed to be there. However, in
front of the path Lilianne walked... she saw a woman with hair as blue as the
skies standing in front of her.

[...You are? How did you get here?]

[I have lots of tricks. Well, putting that aside... Can I ask you something,
Royal Princess?]

[...What is it?]

[Was it fun?]

[Eh?]

Hearing Lunamaria’s words, Lilianne tilted her head, as if she didn’t understand
what she meant.

[Did the surrounding voices place so much pressure on your shoulders that you
forgot how to relax... and responded with a pasted-on smile... You must not be
that popular huh, Royal Princess.]

[Wha... What are you suddenly...]

[I hate it. Little brats like you who’s trying to do something beyond your
ability... If you don’t know how to relax, you’ll break sooner or later, you
know?]

[...]

At Lunamaria’s somewhat belligerent words, Lilianne also looked at her somewhat
sharply. Their gazes crossed in silence, as if they were probing each other. A
few moments later, Lunamaria let out a sigh.

[...Well, no matter what me right now says, I’m sure it won’t enter your ears.
Though I guess, that’s for now...]

[I don’t understand what you are trying to say.]

[My name is Lunamaria. Please remember it... Because next time, I will
definitely be there to “help you”.]

[...I never asked you to help me, nor do I see any reason for you to help me.]

[Yes, you didn’t ask me to help you. “I want to help you, so I’ll do what I
want”... That’s all there is to it. Well then, see you soon... Royal Princess.]

After saying this, Lunamaria turned her back on Lilianne and walked off, with
her hand lightly waving goodbye.

[...My name is Lilianne.]

[I see no reason to call you by your name right now... Boring Royal Princess.]

[?!]

Staring at Lunamaria’s back as she disappeared without looking back, Lilianne
felt an inexplicable annoyance. And thus, this was the beginning... of a new
relationship between two people who would later become the best of friends.

---

[Our first contact went something like that.]

[...Lunamaria-san, it seems like you also had the disease I once had...]

[Disease? What are you talking about, Miyama-sama?]

[N-No, I’m talking about your words when you first met Lilia-san...]

I once had the disease that many boys and girls had contracted during their
adolescence, creating that dreaded cursed relic known as “The Documents of the
Jet-black Knees”. For Lunamaria-san to actually have contracted the same
disease... I’m starting to feel some kind of kinship with her. As I was having
such a thought in mind, for some reason, Lunamaria-san proudly puffed out her
chest.

[Even if it’s me saying this, I think I had made a cool decision at that time. I
think I could have pushed the mysteriousness a bit more though...]

[...It seems like you’re still afflicted with that disease huh. Why did you
ignore it until it became this bad?]

[U-Unnn? Why are you looking at me with such pity, Miyama-sama? E-Errr, I’ll
continue with the story.]

[Yes. If the time comes when it hurts, you can always talk with me, okay?]

[What the heck is this? Even though it sounds like you’re worried about me, why
am I strangely feeling angry?]

---

Lunamaria suddenly appeared in front of Princess Lilianne and left words that
seemed to suggest something... But for the next year, Lunamaria never appeared
in front of Lilianne, and Lilianne somehow forgot about her. And exactly a year
later, at the yearly martial arts tournament... Lunamaria showed up.

[An incident occurred! Division Commander!]

[What’s the matter?]

Seeing the female knight, her subordinate, suddenly barge into the waiting room,
Lilianne curiously asked.

[D-Deputy Sieglinde... has lost!]

[Wha... Sieg did?! That’s impossible... Who in the world...]

Lilia and Sieglinde have a fighting strength that is unmatched not only within
the Knight Order, but even within the whole nation. Lilianne was well aware of
this, and thus, she thought that she would be fighting Sieglinde in the finals
again this year. However, her expectations were overruled, making Lilianne
wonder who her opponent was. The only person she could think of that could
defeat Sieglinde was the Knight Order’s Commander herself. However, the Knight
Commander has already been inducted into the Hall of Fame after winning the
tournament for ten consecutive years in the past, and wasn’t supposed to be
participating in this year’s martial arts tournament.

[...It’s the Black Lily. The Black Lily Adventurer Lunamaria.]

[...Luna... maria.]

When he heard the name spoken by her subordinate, the blue-haired woman she had
met came to her mind, making her grip on her sword spontaneously tighten. Just
as she was about to ask for more information, Sieglinde returned to the waiting
room assigned to the Second Knight Order.

[I have returned. I’m sorry, Lilianne... I lost.]

[Yes, I heard about it just now... Is she really that strong that she defeated
you? That Black Lily...]

[Rather than strong, I think it would be more accurate to say that she was
incredibly skillful. I had been completely “suppressed”. Unlike Knights,
Adventurers often work in small groups, and I’ve heard that the better the
Adventurer, the more versatile they are... And she was exactly the epitome of
versatility. I don’t know if she had seen through my combat habits, but the
fight never swung in my favor at all.]

[...She’s that powerful huh.]

Lilianne was well aware of Sieglinde’s strength. That’s why she couldn’t believe
that Sieglinde had been suppressed. However, as she continued to listen to her,
she understood that Lunamaria was incredibly strong. Sieglinde’s trump card is
Endowment Magic. She had heard how Lunamaria had seen through when she would
activate her trump card, if the situation called for it, she would dare abandon
her weapon and switch to another one, and how she performed a brilliant feat of
interrupting Sieglinde’s spell casting the moment when she activated it.

[...Be careful, Lilianne. You may be far more powerful when it comes to pure
physical ability, but you’re facing a frighteningly versatile opponent. It’s
better to go into this match thinking that you’re outmatched in technique.]

[...I understand.]

After nodding earnestly to Sieglinde’s words, Lilianne picked up her greatsword
and headed for her own match.

The finals of the martial arts tournament. Standing in front of Lilianne, who
had smoothly won her way up to the finals, was the person she had expected after
she defeated Sieglinde, Lunamaria. Behind Lunamaria, who held a short spear in
one hand and a shield in the other, is a large number of weapons such as swords
and axes propped up on the ground. In martial arts tournaments, the use of magic
boxes is prohibited during matches. Therefore, people like Lunamaria, who switch
between multiple weapons depending on the situation, have to take them out of
the magic box beforehand and leave them on the ground. Seeing Lunamaria like
that, Lilianne understood... Recognizing that it was as Sieglinde said, that she
would be a troublesome opponent, she quickly readied her greatsword.

A year ago, Lunamaria had a lot of things to say, but standing in front of
Lilianne, she just sharpened up and didn’t say a word. However, the moment the
referee announced the start of the match, Lunamaria spoke.

[It’s been a year, hasn’t it? Royal Princess.]

[...Didn’t I tell you my name back then?]

[Ahh\~\~ Yes, yes, I remember that. It was Gorianne or something like that,
right? What great parents you have, giving an appropriate name to a crazy
musclehead.]

[...]

Lilianne doesn’t have high tolerance to being agitated. This is because she is a
princess, someone who usually shouldn’t be spoken ill right before her.
Therefore, at Lunamaria’s words, a vein popped out of Lilianne’s forehead.

[Are you ready?]

[Don’t wanna hear your gibbers, so let’s just finish this already...
Ro-yal-Prin-cess.]

[You!]

Seeing Lunamaria’s irritating smile, Lilianne kicked the ground with her whole
body gushing with lightning-like magic power, and burst forth towards Lunamaria.
Approaching with a speed that could be described as tremendous, Lilianne
appeared in front of Lunamaria... and fell into “the pit that Lunamaria was
secretly digging with her magic power while she was taunting her.”

[...Pfft, kukuku... Ahahaha! You beautifully fell into it! This is just great!
Hey, how do you feel now? Acting cool while blabbing things like “Are you
ready?”... only to fall into a pit like a brainless fool, this certainly is a
story you’d like to hear.]

[...]

Hearing Lunamaria’s agitating words, as if she’s telling her that she acted just
like she thought, inside the pit hole, Lilianne’s body shook in anger. And then,
in a fit of rage, she jumped out and tried to get out of the hole... and smashed
her head on “a wall of air that seemed to act as a lid on that hole”.

[ \~ \~ ?! ]

[I don’t know if I should say you’re simple-minded or just a straightforward
fool... but you’re trapped just as I want you to be.]

[T-This is unforgivable! This cowardliness... is absolutely unforgivable!!!]

With a look of rage on her face, Lilianne sword flashed, shattering the wall of
air and leapt out of the hole, sword at the ready. The intent of not letting
down her guard anymore dwells within her eyes.

[...What a naive fool, you are. Seriously, you are quite naive. Didn’t you
realize it? The reason why I made you fall into a pit...]

[What are you...]

[Too late! Look behind you! I’ve already finished preparing my “Special
Technique”!!!]

[What did you say?!]

Hearing Lunamaria’s words, Lilianne hurriedly looked behind her... only to find
no special technique happening behind her.

[I lied!]

[Whaa?!]

Thereupon, Lunamaria’s dropkick explosively struck Lilianne’s defenseless back,
blowing her away.

[...Y-You coward!!!]

[I’d like it if you call it strategy. The means doesn’t really matter as long as
it ends up in a win after all.]

Lilianne is now so angry that the vein on her forehead looked like it was about
to pop, but still, calmly holding the greatsword in hand, she fired some magic
bullets, and confirming that there are no pitfalls on the ground, she kicked off
the ground again... but “her feet was quickly pulled down by grass that had
wrapped around her feet before she knew it”.

[Huh? Eh?]

Surprised that she was trapped again, Lilianne tripped on the ground. When she
noticed it, Lunamaria was standing right before her, greatly brandishing her
hand. And for some reason, she was holding a “pie” covered with white cream.

[Nice angle! I’ll gratefully accept it!]

[Why is a p—Bfuuhh?!]

With the pie neatly smashed on Lilianne’s face, her face turned completely
white. While an indescribable silence flowed through the arena... Lilianne wiped
her face with her sleeve and loudly shouted.

[What are you laughing at?! There’s no way I’ll forgive you for this!!!]

[Fufufu, let’s see you do that.]

The expression on Lilianne’s face was something that the audience, including
Sieglinde, had never seen before. In both good and bad ways, Lilianne has always
been quite mature. She never made an emotional outburst like this before. But
what about now? Irritated, Lilianne angrily shot towards Lunamaria... She’s
supposed to be angry... but she looked like she was having fun.

[You’re pretty good, aren’t you? I guess I don’t have any choice but to show you
the greatness of my tonfa techniques!]

[A kick?! Hey, you’re not even using that tonfa!]

[I am using it. For you to not understand it, you really are a little brat.]

[I’m not a little brat!]

As she taunted Lilianne, Lunamaria fought her by changing one weapon after
another, while Lilianne struck her sword head-on, as if to strike her words
away... They looked as if they were close friends fighting over something
trivial. After exchanging blows for some time, seeing Lunamaria switch her
weapon to a spear, Lilianne slightly smiled. Using the spear thrust towards her
as a foothold, she leapt and held her greatsword high above her with an innocent
smile on her face, as if her prank had succeeded when she saw the surprised
Lunamaria. Seeing Lilianne like that, Lunamaria smiled.

(That’s right... That’s “the face I want to see”.)

Seeing the two of them smiling even when they’re fighting, Sieglinde looked
somewhat envious.

[Got you!]

[Naive!]

[Wha?!]

As Lilianne’s greatsword swung down towards her, Lunamaria threw her weapon
away, and caught Lilianne’s sword with her fists. That sword-catching using her
fists was something Lilianne has shown in the tournament a year ago...

Even though she copied her move, Lunamaria doesn’t have the physical strength to
break the sword. She herself knew this, that’s why Lunamaria wrenched Lilianne’s
sword to the side to break her stance. If Lilianne had been on the ground when
she made such a strike, it would have been impossible to break Lilianne’s stance
due to the difference in strength. But being in mid-air, Lilianne couldn’t fight
back. With no sword to block strikes, a kick was slammed into Lilianne’s body,
blowing her away. However, it didn’t seem like she received that great of a
damage, as she quickly stood up with a smile.

[...I’ll get you next time.]

[Fufu... Now isn’t that a good smile on your face, “Lili”?]

[L-Lili?]

[Your name is Lilianne, so Lili... It’s a nickname. It’s a trend in the city to
call each other by nicknames. Well, I guess a clueless princess wouldn’t know
about it.]

[I know what nicknames are! I know it, okay... I’m telling the truth! I-I’m even
calling Sieg Sieg!]

Lilianne, who was pissed off at Lunamaria’s taunts, somehow looked childish...
It was as if the true nature that she was suppressing as a princess had come
out.

[Well, I lied about it being a trend.]

[T-This freaking woman... I’m going to beat you up! Get your face ready,
“Luna”!]

[Luna... Luna huh... Not bad. Alright, come at me, Lili!]

[Here I go, Luna!]

With her greatsword at the ready again, Lilianne was definitely smiling as she
headed towards Lunamaria. Forgetting about how she should act as a princess,
forgetting all the eyes around her... She looked as if she was enjoying the
first fight of her life...

---

[...That was cowardly, don’t you think, Luna-san?]

[Listen here, Yuzuki-sama. In battles, the winner is justice and the loser is
evil. Everything is good if it’s for victory, no matter what means you use to
achieve it.]

Hearing Hina-chan’s words in response to the details of her battle against
Lilia-san, Lunamaria-san responded with a smug look on her face.

[Come to think of it, Lunamaria-san, a quarter of your blood was that of a
vampire, right?]

[Yes, that’s right?]

[Can’t you use some kind of vampire-like abilities?]

That was a question that happened to occur in my mind, but Lunamaria-san looked
a little troubled.

[If you’re asking if I can use it, I can. I can drink blood and for a short
period of time, I can perform physical feats far beyond normal, and even if it’s
just a bit, I can even manipulate blood... However, just like my mother, I don’t
really like drinking blood either. Being a quarter vampire, drinking blood isn’t
necessary for me... and I don’t really want to do that. I do carry some in case
of emergencies though.]

After saying that, Lunamaria-san pulled out her magic box, took out a vial with
its contents not visible, and showed it to us. From the way she was talking, I
guess there was blood inside.

[Well, that’s why I don’t really use it that much.]

[Speaking of which, Luna-san mentioned how you’re a quarter human, a quarter
elf, and a quarter vampire... but what’s the final quarter in your blood?]

Hearing Aoi-chan’s question, Lunamaria-san looked away with a slightly reluctant
look on her face.

[...Can I just not say it?]

[N-No, you don’t have to force yourself if that’s unreasonable...]

[...Werewolf.]

Lunamaria-san, who seemed reluctant to say it, told me that the final quarter in
her blood... was Werewolf?

[Errr, Werewolf...? Those that transform on nights with a full moon?]

[Yes. However, it’s not actually at full moons, but during a certain day when
their magic power is overflowing...]

[Do you also turn into a werewolf at those times, Lunamaria-san?]

[No, ummm... No comment. The only thing I’ll say is that I’m a quarter, so I
won’t turn into a complete wolf form.]

Hmmm. The way she said it, it sounds like a part of her body would turn into a
wolf-form... I guess what she meant is that during a certain day when her magic
power was overflowing, a part of Lunamaria-san’s body would become that of a
wolf. I guess she doesn’t want people to know that too much.

[I-I’m sorry for asking such a strange question.]

[I’m also sorry for delving too much into it.]

[No, don’t worry about it, Kusunoki-sama, Miyama-sama. I’m sure you’ll
eventually find out about it... Now, let’s continue with the story.]

Saying that, Lunamaria-san lightly clapped her hands as if to change the topic,
and she continued talking about the story from her past.

---

Both Lunamaria and Lilianne, who had exchanged so many strikes with each other
that it could be called an even match, looked exhausted as they faced each other
with their weapons at the ready. It won’t be long before the battle is settled.
The moment Lilianne, who is a participant of this battle, as well as the
audience, thought of this, Lunamaria smiled.

[...I guess that’s enough.]

[What is?]

[It means I’ve already achieved my goal... I forfeit.]

[Wha?!]

Nonchalantly raising her hand and declaring that she gives up, Lunamaria started
collecting her weapons lying around the stage and put them into her magic box.
After a few moments, Lilianne came to her senses and picking up a nearby axe,
she held it out to Lunamaria and spoke.

[...Seriously, what in the world are you thinking about?]

[Ahh, thanks... It is as I said. I’ve already achieved my goal. Rather, I would
have finished it quickly if I had fought Lili in the first round, but since we
were in different blocks, I have no choice but to go through to the finals. I’m
not really that interested in winning this tournament.]

[...You really are...]

Hearing Lunamaria say such a thing with a bright smile on her face, Lilianne was
about to say something but Lunamaria spoke, as if to interrupt her.

[Lili, was it fun?]

[...Yes, I was quite irritated at first, but after that irritation
disappeared... I felt refreshed.]

[Then I’m glad... It seems like you’ve also relaxed.]

[...Eh?]

[You must have thought you were quite admirable huh. As a princess, you have to
carry the expectations of those around you and behave in a manner appropriate to
your position... I’m sure you thought that such actions were right. But you see,
people aren’t designed to live by straining themselves all the time. If you’re
too tense, you’re bound to be ripped apart somewhere... I believe that
sometimes, one needs to forget about what others think and let your stupidity
move your actions.]

[...Luna.]

Those were words Lunamaria understood from experience. When Lunamaria first
became an adventurer, she was in a hurry. She wanted to become a full-fledged
adventurer as soon as possible so that she could make things easier for her
mother... and thus, she completed her requests at a fairly high pace, and was
even willing to tackle difficult quests. However, her impatience narrowed her
vision, and ignoring the unease whose identity she would have realized if she
just asked a veteran... which resulted in her, exposing her mother in danger.

[It’s alright. You can bring out your own personality more... be the “Lilianne
you want to be”, instead of the “Princess Lilianne the people wanted you to be”.
I don’t mean to say that you shouldn’t care about others anymore, but I think
it’s important to be yourself. If you do that, there will naturally be “people
who want to follow you, regardless of your position as a princess”.]

[...Is that so? But if I do that...]

[Of course, it will be alright. One’s position is nothing but an external
position. At least, to me, the innocently smiling Lili while fighting just now
was more desirable than the Royal Princess I saw a year ago.]

After telling her such in a gentle voice, Lunamaria finished putting away her
weapons, stood up, and with a light wave of her hand, she turned her back on
Lilianne and walked away.

[...Luna!]

[What is it?]

[Thank you. For helping me... For helping “Lilianne” to get out of the cage
called “being the Princess”.]

[It’s just like I told you. I want to help you, so I’ll do what I want.]

[...Will we meet again?]

[I guess so. Well, when that happens... Let’s have some tea together. We’re
friends now... so even if I have to force you, I’ll make sure that you can
relax.]

[...Yes!]

Looking back once at Lilianne, who looked happy at being called a friend,
without saying anything else, Lunamaria left. Leaving definite warmth in the
heart of the girl named Lilianne...

---

And then, as Lilianne welcomed the new year with a new mentality in mind,
Lunamaria suddenly appeared in front of her.

[And with that, assigned to the Second Division of the Royal Knights, I’m
Lunamaria! I look forward to working with you from now on.]

[Huh? Eh? L-Luna? W-Why is... an adventurer here?]

[I quit being an adventurer. Well\~\~ if Lili tells me a scouting line like
“Will we meet again?”, I guess it can’t be helped! As a top-ranked adventurer,
it sure is easy to get a special recommendation\~\~]

[Eeeeehhhh?! No, I’m not planning to scout you back then, I just mean meeting in
a normal way... Eeeehhhh...]

They met again too soon. Lilianne was simply astonished to see Lunamaria quit
her job as adventurer, something she had done for so many years that she had
even earned a nickname, and started over as a knight. However, despite her
astonishment, the joy on her face was something she couldn’t hide...

---

While Lunamaria became a member of the Knight Order, becoming completely
familiar with her new lifestyle... Sieglinde, who was training her subordinates,
stopped her hand and moved her gaze when she felt someone’s presence.

[Lunaaaaaaaa?!]

[Hyiiiiihhhh, i-it’s just light mischief...]

[What light mischief?! I will definitely not forgive you today!]

This scenario has already become a familiar scene for the members of the Second
Division. Brandishing her sword, Lilianne would chase after Lunamaria, who had
been playing pranks on her ever since she joined their group. It is a scene that
has become so familiar that the Second Division became known for this scene.

[...They’re at it again huh. Division Commander and Lunamaria-san.]

[Yes, they really do get along well.]

Looking at the two chasing each other with a kind expression on her face,
Sieglinde responded to her subordinate’s words. Lunamaria’s presence had a very
positive effect on Lilianne. Whenever Lunamaria recognizes that “the things
Lilianne carries on her shoulder were difficult for her”, she would tease
Lilianne in a variety of ways so that she would relax. Thanks to this, Lilianne
isn’t as stiff as she used to be, becoming more friendly and popular with her
subordinates. Lilianne has become so popular these days that people are even
saying that she should be made the King or the Knight Commander.

Lunamaria’s presence has also changed Sieglinde’s way of thinking. Until now,
Sieglinde had tried to be Lilianne’s friend, respecting each other’s intentions
while improving side by side. However, rather than a friend, she realized that
she had instead been trying to become her rival instead. However, what Lilianne
needed wasn’t a rival, but someone she could laugh with. After realizing this
thanks to Lunamaria, Sieglinde also began calling Lilianne “Lili”, spending more
time chatting with her rather than talking about stuff regarding work.

[Ahh, Sieg! Just the girl I want to see! PLEASE HELP ME!]

[...Luna, thank you. You have changed me in many ways. I really appreciate it.]

[W-What’s with the sudden words of gratitude?]

[No, I just thought that it would be nice to have a little fun every now and
then.]

Hiding behind Sieglinde’s back to escape from Lilianne... Sieglinde spoke to
Lunamaria, who she was now close enough to call her best friend, in a gentle
manner... and quickly going towards Lunamaria’s back, she bound her arms from
behind.

[Now, Lili! I’ve caught her, do it now!]

[Nice, Sieg!]

[Eeehhhh?! What a cruel betrayal this is. You’re even ganging up on the helpless
me... Couldn’t you call this bullying already?]

[...Putting aside you stupid commentaries, are you ready, Luna?]

[...Forgi—Gyaaaaaahhhhh?!]

Before they knew it, she, Lunamaria... had become an irreplaceable presence for
both Lilianne and Sieglinde. She, who always tries to be an equal friend to the
both of them, was quite dazzling... and a very warm person for the both of them.

---

In a room in the royal castle, Lunamaria was bowing to Illness, a maid rumored
to be the most skilled in the castle.

[...Teaching you huuuuuh. I don’t really miiiiiiiind, but are you going to be a
maaaaaaaid?]

[Yes, I intend to. I was “stripped of my knighthood after all”...]

[I heard thaaaaat you “took the blaaaaaame” so that Milady and Siegliiiiiinde
won’t be stripped of their knighthood thouuuuuuugh?]

[What? I wonder what you’re talking about? I just summarized the information
objectively and reported the most obvious fact that I was the biggest factor for
not noticing that incident.]

[The way you said iiiiiit makes it easy for people to misunderstaaaaaand.]

[Those two were being overwhelmed with lots of things already... so there’s no
need for them to carry unnecessary burdens like taking responsibility. It’s not
like I wanted to be a knight in the first place, nor did I feel that proud being
one.]

What they were talking about was the recent incident where the Second Division
had set up camp at the site of a mass monster outbreak. The incident, in which
the Deputy Division Commander was seriously injured, was understood by those
knowledgeable to have been a set-up. But be that as it may, someone needed to
formally take responsibility for causing an incident that could have annihilated
an entire division with one wrong move. In response, Lunamaria directly spoke to
the king, and fortunately, being that there were no deaths... and it was settled
in the form of “Lunamaria’s withdrawal from the Knight Order”. Of course, this
was kept a secret from Lilianne and Sieglinde, but Ryze had also encouraged
Lilianne to quit the Knight Order and become a Duchess instead. This publicly
looked like a punishment for Lilianne, but it was actually to protect her from
the people who had set them up. However, since Lunamaria took the actual
responsibility for this incident, the government provided various assistance to
Lilianne in setting up her Duchy. Perhaps, Lilianne may have realized that
Lunamaria had taken responsibility because of the lightness of her punishment.
However, she didn’t have the time to think about it now.

[And soooo, becoming a maid, riiiiiiight? You do knoooooow that Milady would
also need people in charge of the mansion’s security, riiiiiiight?]

[...Lili is very unstable right now. Sieg also feels quite responsible, but more
than that, that girl blames herself. That’s why she needs someone to stand by
her side and support her.]

[Why are you going that faaaaaar?]

[Well, that’s because I want to.]

[...I understaaaaaand. If you’re fine with meeeeee, I will teach you what I
caaaaaan.]

[Thank you very much!]

Hearing that she agreed to teach her the ropes of being a maid, Lunamaria deeply
bowed to Illness. She then went to Lilianne’s room, deciding to discuss with her
the details later. In the luxurious room that was typical of a princess, she saw
Lilianne with her head down, seemingly packing her things.

[...Lili, what are you doing? Your hands ain’t moving, you know?]

[...Luna... What am I supposed to do? All of it was my fault... If only I had
been more firm with them... Sieg wouldn’t have...]

Hearing Lilianne’s words as she spoke with her head down, Lunamaria slightly
smiled... and resolutely slapped her on her cheek.

[Ouch! Wait, even though you aren’t using Body Strengthening Magic, why the heck
am I the one who got hurt...]

[...Luna?]

[Erhem... How long are you going to dwell on the past, idiot Lili!!!]

[?!]

[Alright, listen here, okay? Sieg is not dead, she’s alive! Stop thinking about
what you should have done, “just think about how to heal Sieg’s wounds”! You can
pretend to be the tragic heroine all you want, but that won’t change anything!]

Hearing Lunamaria’s yell, Lilianne became astounded... and grasping Lilianne’s
shoulders tightly, Lunamaria continued.

[There must be a way out there. A way to cure Sieg... It’s alright, I’ll be
there with you. With the two... No, with the three of us working together, we
should be able to find it.]

[...Are you going to follow me? Luna should still be in the Knight Order... and
you also have your mother...]

[I quit the Knight Order, not like I’m that obsessed with being in that group...
As for Mom, well... I’ll be expecting a salary, okay, Milady?]

[...]

When Lilianne saw Lunamaria’s bold smile... Lilia relaxed and smiled as well.

[Fu… fufu... I guess that depends on your work, don’t you think?]

[Whoa, now you said it. Well, you better be ready. There will come a day where
you will pull my leg and scream “I can’t do this without you, Luna!”]

[Ahaha... I’m looking forward to it then, Luna.]

[Yes... Now then, let’s start packing. We don’t have much time, do we?]

As if to change the subject, Lunamaria stood up and started setting up the
luggage in the room... Looking at her back, Lilianne quietly muttered.

[...I’m really glad that Luna is here. Though I guess it’s too late to say it
now huh. Especially at a time like this... I can’t do this without you.]

[...Unnn? Did you say something?]

[No, I didn’t say anything...]

[Ahh, look here! Lili, it’s one of those toys back then! How nostalgic. I used
to have one of these, you know? Let’s play a bit...]

[Didn’t you say we didn’t have much time?]

[Oops, completely forgot about that. Well\~\~ What a blunder. Oya, this is?!]

When she saw Lunamaria stopping to talk to her when she found something
interesting while cleaning up, Lilianne smiled, looking truly happy.

[...Always pretending to be stupid like that... What a troublesome best friend I
have.]

---

When Lunamaria-san finished telling her story, a small smile appeared on her
lips as she spoke.

[Well, the rest is history.]

[I see, it’s a good story.]

[Yes, it was just as Aoi-senpai said, I’m slightly moved!]

[...]

Lunamaria-san’s story certainly was a wonderful story of friendship. Just as
Aoi-chan and HIna-chan praised it, I was also a little moved. However, I wonder
why I have this strange feeling... as if a small bone was stuck in the back of
my throat... as if an important part of the story was hidden. However, as I kept
my silence as I didn’t know what it was, Lunamaria-san spoke.

[...Now then, that should be enough for the stories of my past, as I think it’s
time for me to go back to work. Ahh, Miyama-sama, I would like you to follow me
for a moment, if you don’t mind.]

[Eh?]

[You see, when you attended the party before, you said that the collar of your
formal wear was a little tight, remember? So, we have made some alterations and
would like you to try it on.]

[...A-Ahh, that’s right. Alright.]

I don’t remember saying that. In other words, this was something she said for
her to lead me out of this place... a message telling me that if I have
something I want to ask, we should go to a different place. Nodding my head in
understanding, I notified Aoi-chan and Hina-chan before leaving the room with
Lunamaria-san. I followed Lunamaria-san down the corridor. The corridor of the
mansion, which I should be used to walking, now seems unusually quiet.

[...So, Miyama-sama. Is there something you want to ask me?]

[...I suppose. Even now, I just can’t sort out the reason why in my head but...
Lunamaria-san, why did you help Lilia-san?]

[Oya? Haven’t I mentioned it before? I helped her because I want to help her...
That’s all there is to it.]

[Is that really all there is to it?]

[...Have you felt something out of place?]

Without looking back at me, Lunamaria-san asked me a question that seemed to be
probing things, and just as I gradually sorted out the discomfort I’m feeling in
mind, I continued.

[In that story you told us earlier, you talked about Lilia-san in great detail,
but I don’t think you’ve said much about what you yourself was thinking at that
time, Lunamaria-san. That’s why, I feel as if something was out of place.]

[I see... Just that huh?]

It appears that it wasn’t enough for Lunamaria-san to stop walking, and just as
I was feeling strangely nervous, I continued speaking of my thoughts.

[No, there’s one more thing... I somehow feel that Lunamaria-san resembles
Alice.]

[Oya, oya, it’s an honor to be told I resemble Phantasmal King-sama... but why
is that?]

[...It’s just a guess... but Lunamaria-san... you’re actually “very smart”,
aren’t you?]

[...What an amusing story, that is.]

Thereupon, Lunamaria-san finally stopped walking and turned towards me. Her
expression was somewhat joyful, as if she was looking at something she found
pleasant.

[Lunamaria-san, you’re smart and quick-witted... but you’re purposely acting so
that it doesn’t appear that way. In Alice’s words... I think you’re “playing the
role of the clown”.]

[Aren’t you just overthinking it?]

[I guess so... However, when Lunamaria-san teases someone, there certainly are
times when you just like to tease them... but I think that most of the time, you
have a reason for doing that.]

[...Please go on.]

Perhaps, I’m being tested right now, if whether or not I’m the right person she
could speak her mind...

[Just yesterday, we made a pact about my dislike of bell peppers, didn’t we?]

[Yes, we did.]

[...I’m sure you already knew that I had information about your dislike for
bugs, didn’t you? Knowing that, you dared to tease me and had me bring that up.]

[Oh my? Even if that were the case, for what reason would I do that?]

[...I had been thinking a lot about that time. Feeling embarrassed that I had
inconvenienced everyone, that I was being childish... I had such thoughts in my
mind. At that moment, Lunamaria-san appeared, and we made that agreement... As
if “to put an end to what had been troubling me”.]

Yes. Thanks to that incident with Lunamaria-san, I was able to put off such
thoughts out of my mind to some extent. If it weren’t for that, I might have
been self-loathing when I was alone in my room.

[That’s a very favorable interpretation, isn’t it?]

[Not only that, as even though Lunamaria-san often teases Lilia-san... The most
teasing I’ve seen you do was when we were still new to this world.]

[...]

[My mind was too filled up with my worries at that time to realize it, but
wasn’t Lilia-san quite nervous at that time? The first irregularity in a
thousand years occurred while she was handling the Hero Summoning, so she must
have been feeling tense?]

[...That’s why, I was teasing Milady... to relieve her from her tension huh?]

Hearing my story, a teasing grin appeared on Lunamaria-san’s face.

[Well, I guess I’ll give you an extra 40 points for that. In the first place...
Don’t you think you’re thinking too much? I think you’re very smart too,
Miyama-sama, but thinking too much about this and that is a bad habit, you know?
You’d end up putting reason on something that doesn’t even have a reason on it.]

[I suppose so...]

[Yes, besides, what good would it do me to play the clown?]

[That is...]

Hmmm. No good... I don’t have any cards to present here anymore. Something still
feels out of place, but still, as long as Lunamaria-san puts it that way, the
story ends here...

[However, if, hypothetically speaking...]

[...Eh?]

[If playing the clown would make “the one I want to laugh laugh”, then perhaps,
playing the clown may be a happy thing.]

After telling me that, Lunamaria-san turned around and walked away. As I was
walking along, somewhat following her, I suddenly heard a gentle voice.

[...That was quite an interesting discussion. I’m not saying this is thanks to
that, but for just a bit, how about I tell you another story?]

---

A year has passed since Lilianne changed her name to Lilia and established the
Albert Duchy. After overcoming Illness’ guidance and receiving a passing grade,
Lunamaria became Lilia’s personal maind. The biggest task for such a Lunamaria
though...

[Milady, I think it’s time you take a break. I’ll brew you some tea.]

[...You’re right. I can’t be too rooted in my work.]

—is to make the extremely serious Lilia take a break when it’s time... Sighing
at her best friend and master, who would work forever if left alone, Lunamaria
prepared a cup of tea and placed it in front of Lilia.

[...I understand how you feel, but there’s no point in being impatient.]

[...Yes.]

Lilia, who had been distanced from social intercourse after becoming a member of
the Knight Order, was currently struggling with a number of issues. Although the
Albert Duchy owns some land in the royal capital, they don’t run their own
fiefdom. They earn no income from taxes, and the aid they receive from the
country is limited. Therefore, Lilia has been acquiring new sources of income in
the form of renting out the land she owns. She also owns several establishments,
but the largest would be her Flying Dragon Services. However, since Flying
Dragon Services is a popular business in Symphonia Kingdom, she has many rivals.
Mary, the manager/driver of the company, is also doing her best, but her income
wasn’t that large in comparison to the size of their business.

[It sure is difficult, isn’t it? In order to attract the public’s attention, you
have to procure popular Dragons, but popular Dragons are expensive and difficult
to raise. Things just won’t always go our way.]

[If the situation remains stable for a year, isn’t that enough?]

[No, that won’t do. It’s still not enough... We need more money to buy “a Fruit
of the World Tree”.]

[...]

Lilia’s best friend, Sieglinde’s wounds were quite deep, and although she had
employed the services of several renowned Recovery Magic-users, they all shook
their heads and gave up. The only means they had left was the “Fruit of the
World Tree”, which is said to heal all wounds, but it was so expensive that even
a Duke like Lilia couldn’t afford it.

[I see, I understand how you feel... In that case, Lili...]

[Yes, I’ll do my b—]

[Let’s go on a journey, the two of us!]

[—est... What?]

Lilia, who was firing herself up, tilted her head at the unexpected suggestion
she heard.

[Well\~\~ I actually got tickets for a sightseeing tour in the Demon Realm.
.This is just perfect for a breather. We can leave the mansion Illness-sama and
Sieg to handle, so we can be rest assured and stretch out our wings!]

[Eh? N-No, ummm... Why are you suddenly talking about that...]

It was Lunamaria’s plan to give Lilia a break from her tense schedule. She
actually wanted to invite Sieglinde as well, but after that incident, Lilia and
Sieglinde were feeling guilty towards each other, and things between them were a
little awkward. They would talk to each other in writing when they met, but it
was fair to say that they were reserved with each other.

(Being unable to come up with a solution sure is frustrating.)

Lunamaria herself was trying to come up with a solution, but it still wasn’t
working out. In the end, she decided that the relationship between the two of
them couldn’t be restored until Sieglinde’s wounds were healed, and she just
decided to do her best to take care of both of their hearts. Her efforts were
quite effective. During the trip, Lilia innocently enjoyed the scenery of the
Demon Realm and even mentioned that she wanted to come back when they left.

However, this still didn’t solve the fundamental problem. Even as she’s feeling
a little chagrined, Lunamaria continued to do her best for the sake of her two
best friends.

---

After speaking that much, Lunamaria-san looked at me and lightly sighed.

[Well, that’s how I’ve been struggling with things for four years... when
Miyama-sama came and easily solved them. Sieg regained her voice and her
relationship with Lili was restored... Milady’s Flying Dragon Services, which
had many rivals, now even has a High Ancient Dragon, making it the best in the
royal capital both in name and in reality, doubling the income of the Duchy, and
there’s also this and that... This unworthy Lunamaria can’t hide how shuddering
I am at how out of the ordinary Miyama-sama is.]

[A-Ahaha... No, all that happened were just coincidences.]

Thereupon,, Lunamaria stopped walking again, deeply sighing.

[...Haahhh... If it was others who had said it, I would have just ignored it.]

[Unnn?]

[I’ll say this now, I’m not as smart as Miyama-sama thinks... I just wanted to
see it.]

After saying a phrase that doesn’t really point out anything, Lunamaria-san
muttered in a small voice.

[...I just wanted to see her smile. On the Princess’ lips who had a smile pasted
on her face... I wanted to see a truly happy smile on it. That’s all I really
wanted.]

[...]

[And even now, that hasn’t changed. I just wanted the people important to me to
smile. If it’s to achieve that, I’ll play the role of a clown as much as I can.]

After saying these words, Lunamaria-san quietly walked away. As she was
departing, she left me a few words in a quiet voice.

[...And those people I want to see smiling, you’re also one of them...
Kaito-san.]

Lunamaria-san’s back as she left, speaking in a surprisingly gentle voice as she
called me in a way that she doesn’t usually do, somehow seemed very large.

![Insert 4](../../_Images/v08/Insert4.png#.insert)

---

I’m currently making a list of people I could invite to accompany me to the Six
Kings Festival. I heard that at the Six Kings Festival, those who will accompany
the invited guests would need to apply in advance and have a “companion badge”
prepared for them. Since the badge would be the proof of identity for the
invited people’s companions, we had to decide who we were going to invite some
time in advance.

[Well, there’s still over a month to go until the festival, so you can take my
time. Besides, if it comes down to it, I can quickly make them for you, so it
would be alright even if you forgot to fill up some names.]

[Unnn, that’s very helpful... Speaking of which, how are the preparations for
the venue coming along.]

[Well, so-so... I guess?]

[Why the question-like tone?]

As usual, Alice suddenly appeared and as we exchanged idle chatter, Alice
suddenly took out what appeared to be a notepad and spoke.

[Speaking of which, Kaito-san. You’re going to the venue the day before the
actual festival, right?]

[Yeah, that’s my plan at the moment.]

The Six Kings Festival will be held for seven days, and it’s said that all
accommodations for the festival will be provided free of charge. However, the
hotels that you can stay at are determined according to the rank of your
invitation... Well, even the lowest rank will be able to stay at a regular
ultra-luxury hotel. Of course, it’s possible for guests to participate only on
certain days, and in that case, free transportation will be provided.

However, I’d be staying on the top floor of the Central Tower... I heard that
this matter had already been settled, and Kuro and Isis-san had been quite
enthusiastic about this matter... and it was making me very anxious.

[...Well then, I’m going to have someone guide you around at that time...
Kaito-san should also know some of our subordinates, do you have someone you’d
like to guide you?]

[Ahh\~\~ I see... Hmmm.]

Our subordinates... From the way Alice spoke, I guess that includes Kuro’s
family. I certainly am acquainted with some of them. I know Fafnir-san,
Pandora-san and Lillie-san. Even so... Hmmm. A guide... I guess that would be
until we reach our inn? Fafnir-san is too big. Pandora-san... is kinda
terrifying. Lillie-san would have been perfect both in terms of personality and
physique, but being Lillywood-san’s Head Subordinate, wouldn’t she be busy?
Above all, I should be mindful about the fact that this would be the first time
they would meet with Lilia-san. In that case, that leaves Kuro’s family... Hey,
wait a moment? That’s right! There’s also that person!

[...How about Caraway-san?]

[Fumu...]

Caraway-san, the cat-eared Demon who brought the invitations and explained the
Six Kings Festival to us... She’s already acquainted with Lilia-san and the
others, and her explanations of the Six Kings Festival were detailed and easy to
understand, so I think she should be able to easily explain it to us. It seemed
like she’s the perfect person for the job, but for some reason, Alice had a
complicated look on her face.

[...Errr, did I say something wrong?]

[No, it’s just that Caraway-san... She isn’t “a subordinate of any of the Six
Kings”, you see.]

[Ehh?! Is that so?]

[Yes, she isn’t a subordinate of any of the Six Kings. She also wasn’t invited
to the Six Kings Festival, so she isn’t qualified to participate in the first
place.]

It’s not like I was thinking all Demons would be a subordinate of any of the Six
Kings but... since Caraway-san was the one who brought me the invitation, I
thought for sure that she was someone’s subordinate...

[She is, well, as Kaito-san knows... the culprit who casted Recognition
Inhibition Magic on Kaito-san.]

[U-Unnn.]

[She seemed to be very remorseful about the incident, and she asked for a chance
to somehow make amends... That’s why I entrusted her with doing some small
chores. However, it’s only behind the scenes, and she isn’t allowed to
participate in the Six Kings Festival. Well, she might be tasked with cleaning
or other odd jobs...]

[... Is... that so.]

[The reason I had her deliver the invitations to Kaito-san and the others was
because she volunteered, asking me that she wants to directly apologize to you.]

It’s just a guess but... Could it be that Caraway-san’s situation isn’t good
because she casted Recognition Inhibition Magic on me? It can be said that she
reaped what she sowed, but as the person concerned, I don’t mind about that
matter at all anymore because I received her sincere apology and there was no
real harm done...

As I was in a complicated mood, Alice looked at me for a while... before she
smiled.

[...Then, I’ll send Caraway-san to guide you around, okay?]

[...Is that alright?]

[Rather than asking me that, shouldn’t I be asking you, Kaito-san, if that’s
alright? Even though she regrets it, she was someone who tried to kidnap you
once, you know?]

[And you’re someone who actually kidnapped me once.]

[Ahaha...]

Alice’s wry smile looks so gentle, that I can see it even through her mask... It
was like she already knew what I was going to say.

[She’s already apologized to me, and I don’t mind about the matter at all... I
mean, it was because of that incident that I met Kuro. I’m rather grateful that
she did that instead.]

[...I see, roger that. Well then, I’ll go make the arrangements.]

[Unnn, I’ll be counting on you for that... Ahh, also... If it’s possible...]

[Yes, yes. You’re asking me to “invite her to the Six Kings Festival as
Kaito-san’s companion”, right? I’ll make her a badge and give it later.]

[...Thanks, Alice.]

[No, no, something like this is easy-peasy... Well then!]

Alice seemed to know everything I was thinking, gave me the answer I wanted and
disappeared. Unnn, well, seriously... Alice has been helping me a lot. I guess
I’ll take her out for a nice meal again soon.
