---
toc: true
---

# Intermission: Six Kings Festival — Various People's Reactions

A festival held by the pinnacle of the Demon Realm, the Six Kings... Information
about the Six Kings Festival, along with the invitations, quickly spread around
the world, especially among the nobles and wealthy merchants. An invitation from
the Six Kings. It could already be described as a kind of status, especially for
those who held a high-ranking invitation, as they could even improve the status
of the recipient. Hence, many nobles and wealthy merchants were very busy these
days.

And the royalty was no exception for this.

In a room in the royal palace of the Symphonia Kingdom, Ryze, the current King
of Symphonia, held an envelope in his hand with a very tense expression on his
face. Grasping a paper knife as if he was praying to someone, his shaking hands
cut the seal off the envelope. Although Ryze had reconciled with Kaito, he still
didn’t know how the Six Kings currently evaluated him. Hence, he was still
somewhat holding inferior thoughts while within his own royal palace, and this
invitation was a chance for him to restore his honor, but at the same time, this
invitation could also be a one-way ticket to hell. If he didn’t receive at least
an invitation from the Underworld King and the World King, his position within
the royal castle would become increasingly difficult. Praying that he would
somehow be ranked bronze or higher, Ryze took out the invitation... and let out
a sigh of relief so loud that everyone around him could have heard him. The
invitation that Ryze received is glimmering with a beautiful golden hue... that
means that he has a Gold rank, and that means that his honor as a King is safe.
No, on the contrary, having this Gold rank allows him to join the party on the
final day, which was more than enough to restore his honor.

When Ryze opened the invitation, it listed the names of the Underworld King,
Death King, World King, and the Phantasmal King, and noted that he had received
an invitation from four of the Six Kings. Ryze is relieved to have received an
invitation from the Underworld King, which was one of his biggest concerns, but
soon afterwards, he found that there’s something else in the envelope... a
message card.

[Hmm? This is...]

The message only had the words “I heard you gave Kaito some advice. Thank you.”
written in it in clean handwriting, and at the bottom of the note, it was signed
with the name of the Death King, Isis Remnant. In fact, although Ryze himself
didn’t know it, his advice to Kaito was known among the Six Kings, as Kaito
himself had told Kuromueina and Isis that he was grateful to Ryze. And for the
girls, it was a fine play on his part that even warrants a standing ovation, and
thus, his reputation had explosively rose. He’s currently already on the level
where if he sends out an invitation to Kuromueina for an evening party and other
events, Kuromueina will also participate.

Granted, Ryze only seriously advised Kaito because he thought Kaito was
consulting about his sister, Lilia, and achieving this result wasn’t his
intention at all but... No, you could say that it was exactly because he thought
that it was for his sister, and that must be why he was able to give advice that
isn’t for his own interest at all. At any rate, King Ryze of Symphonia was able
to successfully recover his evaluation from the eyes of the Six Kings.

---

In the royal castle of the Archlesia Empire, Emperor Chris, who had received her
invitation just like Ryze, opened the envelope with a serious expression on her
face,

[...Oya? Gold rank huh... I thought I would have a Silver rank...]

Seeing that the rank of her invitation wasn’t quite what she expected, Chris
tilted her head, but receiving a rank higher than she expected is of no
inconvenience and actually something that she should be grateful about, so she
just opened her invitation. Thereupon, she saw the names of the Underworld King,
Dragon King, War King and the Phantasmal King written there, and Chris tilted
her head again.

[...Phantasmal King-sama? Hmmm? I think I’ve barely spoken to Phantasmal
King-sama though...]

As for the other members of the Six Kings that had sent her invitation, Chris
had somewhat expected them. Chris is one of “Kuromueina’s baby birds” so she
expected Kuromueina’s invitation. The Archlesia Empire has a close relationship
with the Dragon King, Magnawell, so she also expected his invitation. Chris also
had a certain amount of familiarity with one of the Five Generals, so she also
expected an invitation from Megiddo... So far, the invitation came from the
people Chris was supposed to have interacted with.

However, she didn’t understand why the name of the Phantasmal King, No Face was
also written there. Of course, she has seen her at the Festival of Heroes and
some other events, but she rarely had a direct conversation with that mysterious
being. That’s also the same case for the World King, Lillywood.

[...Unnn? There’s something more? A message card?]

On the message card in the envelope... written on it was “Dinner was delicious.
From Kaito-san’s pretty guard.” and seeing that, Chris’s expression stiffened.

[...Miyama-sama’s guard? ...C-Could it be, Alice-sama... is the Phantasmal
King?]

That’s when she realized that the masked girl who was with Kaito when he visited
the castle... Alice was the Phantasmal King, No Face. After that thought
surfaced within her mind, she looked shaken, which is very unusual for her, and
a great amount of sweat poured out of her face.

[...Alice-sama is the Phantasmal King-sama... That means... Even that time when
I received information that Miyama-sama was sighted in the monster racetrack...]

That day, Chris received information that Kaito had come to the Archlesia Empire
and that’s why she invited Kaito to the royal castle... But thinking about it
again, to receive such information was too convenient for her. A subordinate who
had attended the Sacred Tree Festival had informed her that she had seen Kaito,
whose face was barely known to the public at that point, at the monster
racetrack, and that was a really convenient coincidence.

[...Could it be that the information was sent by the Phantasmal King... For
those powerful nobles, who were vehemently opposed to inviting Miyama-sama as a
state guest, to not make any particular movements after that... And even those
people who just want to watch over Miyama-sama...]

Chris shuddered. It was because she was thinking about how Alice had figured out
and controlled all of her thoughts once she acquired such information about
Kaito, and what method she would use if she was opposed by the nobles.

[...N-No, I may have been thinking too much. Even if she does that, the benefit
to Phantasmal King-sam is just... could it be... There’s something hidden within
it? If she has read through my actions and thoughts... Did she deliberately do
it to search for the powerful nobles who would try opposing Miyama-sama?]

When Chris tries to welcome him as a state guest, and if any nobles speak in
opposition... And from those antagonistic nobles, search for the nobles on their
side and monitor their every movement. Thinking about that, that explains the
deliberately aggravating statements she said to Chris at that time.

[...In other words, she was also testing me. While acting as if she was
cooperating with my plan, she repeatedly said and did things that were provoking
me. That means that her interactions with me... If I had made a mistake in
judgment and turned against Miyama-sama... Perhaps, I would have been...]

Chris’ predictions were undoubtedly correct. That’s why cold sweat ran down her
back. Chris only tried to proceed in the direction of not antagonizing Kaito at
that time, but if she had given priority to the opinions of the powerful nobles,
if the situation had resulted in any harm to Kaito...

[Well, I’ll be damned... Should I say that this is as to be expected from
Phantasmal King-sama... How frightening. I’m completely running around the palm
of her hand... As I thought, that person really is the most frightening in the
world for me. Moreover, the people that Phantasmal King-sama had in control are
all irreplaceable for me... There’s nothing I can do to stop her.]

Chris doesn’t know if the great nobles and her subordinates are under the
Phantasmal King’s command, or if they were just requested to do so. No, even if
they were under the Phantasmal King’s command and the great nobles carelessly
made their move and started a civil war, even if she were to dismiss her
subordinates, Phantasmal King’s other subordinates would undoubtedly be in the
castle. If that’s the case, for Chris, pursuing this matter would only result in
the loss of excellent personnel, and there’s even a chance that making this move
might incite the Phantasmal King’s displeasure.

[Well, I guess I can think of this as me being lucky to have a bit of
recognition from Phantasmal King-sama... Haahhh... I really couldn’t match up to
Miyama-sama.]

After muttering that with a smile, Chris kept the invitation letter away before
turning her gaze to the letter sent by Kaito. Even with the way Kaito acts, he
still faithfully sends back a letter back to her, making their exchange in
letters last for a reasonable amount of time.

[...Speaking of which, Miyama-sama would obviously be at the Six Kings
Festival... Fumu. I’m not really fond of wearing clothes like that, but I guess
I’ll wear feminine clothes once in a while.]

---

At a corner of the capital of the Symphonia Kingdom. There exists a
church/infirmary near the residential area beyond the main streets. In the
resting area at the back of the examination room there, a woman with black hair
and black-colored eyes, a rarity in this world, was sitting on a chair, talking
with Vier, the head of the infirmary.

[...I think we’ve exchanged a lot of sentences by now, and I think we’re getting
to know each other better, so I think it’s time for me to move on to the next
stage... What do you think?]

[Unnn, I’ve said it a million times already, but I’ll say it again. “Hikari”...
This is an infirmary. This isn’t a place where you ask for relationship advice,
okay? Could you go somewhere else for that?]

[No way... Other than Vier, I have no one else to turn to anymore!]

[...No, I think you have made a terrible mistake in selecting the person to ask
here. Seriously...]

Looking at her with an astounded expression on her face, Hikari... Neun, who had
her helmet off, looked at her with a relying expression on her face. They had
been best friends for a long time, and Neun visited Vier a fair amount of times,
and she has come to discuss with Vier about her latest troubles, her love
life... It’s a nice nuisance for Vier though.

In the first place, although she is much older than Neun, Vier has no experience
in love, and there’s not much advice she can give to her. Still, Neun was
looking at Vier as if she was really relying on her closest friend... with a
gaze that seems to ask her for help. When she did that, the good-natured Vier
couldn’t refuse her anymore, and letting out a loud sigh, she spoke.

[...Haahhh... So, talking about this next level, what exactly do you want to do
with him?]

[L-Let’s see... I kinda want us to go see the “opera”...]

[...Errr, I’m pretty sure I’ve heard that before. You said opera, didn’t you?
That doesn’t exist in this world, right?]

[Or perhaps, see one of those “films”...]

[That also doesn’t exist here, you know?]

[W-What about “Noh plays”?]

[No, I don’t even know what that is.]

[U-Ugghhhh...]

Any of the things Neun had spoken about were things from Earth... that were
popular in the time she lived in, and Vier, a resident of this world, had no
idea about it. Still, she could understand most of what she was trying to say.

[...That means, you want that, right? In short, what you’re saying is that you
want to go on a date.]

[D-D-D-Date?!]

[No, you don’t have to be that surprised... However, isn’t it fine? Why don’t
you try inviting him out?]

[...Won’t Vier “invite him for me instead”?]

[Why?!]

Apparently, Neun’s problem is that she wants to get closer to her current
penpal, Kaito. Since Vier understood that they frequently exchanged letters, she
agreed that it was a good idea to go out together, but she was startled by her
pathetic response. And then, Neun, the person in question, turned her face down
in embarrassment while her index fingers were poking at each other.

[You’re exchanging letters with him right? Then, why don’t you ask him out with
that?]

[...B-But... I-I’m... embarrassed...]

[...]

Hearing the words Neun quietly muttered, Vier was speechless, looking at her
with a dumbfounded look on her face.

[...Haahhh... No matter how much I was mentally troubled at that time... I
wonder how I could have “lost to someone like this”...]

[Like this?!]

[Yes, someone like this. Seriously... How can the former Hero be this pathetic?]

[Uuuu, that’s mean, Vier.]

[I’m not being mean... The one who’s really mean here is the person who just
barges in just when I thought I’ve already finished treating anyone and can have
my really precious break, and forcibly asks me for relationship advice.]

[Aaauuu...]

With her eyes looking in the distance, as if she was thinking of her past self,
Vier turns her glare towards the shameless First Hero in front of her.

[...Well, stop fidgeting and worrying about it, and go invite him already. If
it’s Miyama-kun, he wouldn’t turn you down, and end it all with something like a
stroll with your shoulders and elbows touching each other.]

[...Y-Yes. I’ll do my best.]

[Unnn. Good.]

The only role that Vier has in this relationship counseling, so to say, is just
pushing her back... And when she heard her cheer for her, Neun nodded, a little
relieved. Seeing Neun responding like that, Vier also smiled and brought the tea
that was at hand to her mouth. Just when the relationship advice is settled and
the conversation begins to shift to idle chatter, Neun’s expression turns
serious and she asked.

[...Vier. On the Six Kings Festival, what are you going to do?]

[...]

Hearing the words quietly, yet clearly announced, Vier moved her gaze to the
table... to the invitation that Neun had brought to her today. After remaining
silent for a little while, Vier lowered her head and let out a feeble voice,
unlike the voice she had before.

[...I’m not going... I can’t go.]

[...Kuromu-sama wanted to meet Vier. Even Vier is...]

[I miss her! Of course I want to see her!!! However... For all these times I
haven’t met her... I don’t even know... what kind of face I should have when I
face her now.]

[...]

Neun quietly listens without saying a word as Vier tells her in a voice that
sounds like she’s about to cry. Vier is an important family member to
Kuromueina, and Vier also adores Kuromueina very much... However, she hadn’t
seen Kuromueina for over a thousand years now

[Kuromu-sama picked me up and raised me when I had nothing... She’s like a
mother to me, the most important person in the world... However, even though
Kuromueina-sama was the most important person to me, I “betrayed” her...]

[You’re mistaken, you di—]

[I’m not mistaken!]

[—?!]

Just as Neun wanted to make a follow up, Vier interrupted her with a grieving
expression on her face.

[It’s because I... I was an idiot... I made Kuromu-sama cry. Even though I never
wanted her to look like that... but because of me... I don’t have the face to
meet her anymore.]

[...But still, if it’s Kuromu-sama...]

[I know that... I know. I’m sure that Kuromu-sama will greet me with a smile.
She will forgive me... However, I... To myself...]

[...Sorry. That was imprudent of me.]

[No. I’m the one who should apologize. I’m sorry that I became emotional...
Anyhow, I won’t be attending the Six Kings Festival... You should have fun
there, Hikari.]

[...Yes.]

They were once enemies who had crossed blades against each other, and now, they
were best friends who speak of their troubles. Neun understands the pain that
Vier had suffered over the years, so much that it also hurts Neun. That’s why
she didn’t know what to say... She didn’t even know if it’s alright to say
anything. Then, as if to regain her composure, Vier moved the conversation to an
unrelated topic, while Neun, not saying anything about this matter anymore, just
continued with their idle chatting.

After talking for a while, Neun left and Vier, who remained alone in the room,
stared at the invitation that was given to her... focusing on the words
“Underworld King: Kuromueina” written on it.

[...I’m sorry... Kuromu-sama... I’m sorry...]

An apology that no one can hear... As she spoke those words that she had been
repeating for over a thousand years over and over again, some words surfaced
within Vier’s mind.

———Even if I knew about Dr. Vier’s past sins, I wouldn’t lose my respect for
“the current Dr. Vier”.

It was only a short time since she got to know him. The words of that slightly
unusual otherworlder... He wasn’t blaming her for her sins, nor did he intend to
pry into her past, just very kind and warm words of respect for the person she
currently is.

[...Honestly... I was happy when I heard those words... Ahaha, what kind of
stupidity am I talking about... That’s not supposed to happen...]

Muttering quietly, Vier slowly looks up and shifts her gaze to the view outside
the window.

[...A large amount of time has already passed. For a boy I just met... just like
he did to many others... that he might also change me... That’s too selfish for
me to hope for... Besides, I don’t deserve to see Kuromu-sama anymore.]
