---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 6: The Person who Changed Everything

The 15th Day of the Wind month.

I thought it would be nice to relax in my room once in a while, so I was
currently busy reading in my room. Incidentally, the book I’m currently reading
is “Eating Tour in its Entirety Guide: Symphonia Kingdom \~\~Volume: Food
Stalls\~\~”, written by Kuro. There were apparently several different types of
Eating Tour Guides just for Symphonia Kingdom alone, and I’m now reading them in
order. Naturally, there are many of these restaurants I don’t know about, but
it’s interesting to read Kuro’s subjective impressions and evaluations of them.
I also marked the restaurants I wanted to try, thinking of going there to eat
next time. While I was thinking about this, a knock resounded at the door of my
room.

[Yes? It’s open.]

[Excuse my intrusion.]

[...Lunamaria-san?]

When I replied it was okay to come in, the door opened and Lunamaria-san came
in, pushing a cart with a pot of tea on it. Is she bringing me tea? How rare...

[Milady got some good tea leaves and is giving them to everyone... Should I brew
it for you?]

[Ahh, is that so? Thank you. Then, please.]

[Understood.]

Lunamaria-san, bringing me a cup of tea, skillfully brewed tea when I asked her
to. Hmmm. Lunamaria-san looks like a woman who can do things when she’s
working... The troubling part is when she becomes mischievous, she will
instantly become a useless maid. Well, even if that’s so, I can rely on her in
times of need, and she’s serious when it comes to work, so she doesn’t only have
bad qualities.

[...Here you go.]

[Thank you... Unnn, it’s delicious.]

[I’m glad to hear that you liked it. It seems like Miyama-sama is in the middle
of readi... Eh?]

[Unnn?]

After smiling when I told her how I felt about the tea, Lunamaria-san opened her
mouth to leisurely chat with me... but she stiffened when she saw the book on
the table.

[Mi-Miya-Miyama-sama?! C-C-C-Could that be... Underworld King-sama’s... Eating
Tour in its Entirety Guide?!]

[Eh? Yes, it is. You knew about it?]

[Of course I knew about it!!!]

[Uwooohhh?!]

Lunamaria-san vigorously approached... Ahh\~\~ Come to think of it,
Lunamaria-san was Kuro’s fanatic.

[T-This is the first time I’ve seen the real thing... S-So this is the
legendary...]

[...H-Huhh...]

[As a “7-digit member” of the prestigious Underworld King Adoration Society, I
wanted to see it at least once too!]

[T-There are that many people in the Underworld King Adoration Society huh...]

Underworld King Adoration Society? What’s that, some kind of fanclub?
Lunamaria-san said that she’s a 7-digit member, so does that mean there are at
least a million members? Seriously? I mean, Lunamaria-san’s eyes are bloodshot
and she’s kinda scaring me...

[...Ummm, would you like to read it?]

[Would it be alright?!]

[Hyiihhh... Y-Yes, which volume do you want?]

[Which volume? M-Miyama-sama, by any chance... You possess several books of the
Eating Tour in its Entirety Guide?]

[Ah, yes... I have all the volumes.]

[All volumes?!]

When Kuro gave me these books, she said that it was the complete set, so I think
it probably is the entire set. When I told Lunamaria-san about it, her eyes
widened.

[...I-I never expected that you would have all the volumes... A-As expected of
Miyama-sama. Rumor has it that only the President has all the volumes, and even
though I heard of its existence during the final interview...]

[Final interview? Eh? Does that mean you need some kind of exam to join that
Underworld King Adoration Association?]

[Yes, there are three exams: written exam, suitability inspection, and the
practical exam, and after these tests are three sets of interviews.]

[What the heck is that, that’s scary.]

What kind of organization is this Underworld King Adoration Association?!
Written exam? Practical exam? What the heck is that for?

[...Incidentally, just for reference... What things are in that exam?]

[The written exam consists of 500 questions randomly chosen from several
categories, including general education and magic. However, there would be 100
of these questions about “Maidology” every year.]

[...H-Huh, I see...]

What the heck are those questions? Feels like something only a certain perfect
maid would be able to answer. No, let’s not think too deeply about this. They’re
probably in a world that I don’t need to know about.

[W-Well, putting that aside... M-Miyama-sama? W-Would it really be alright for
me to read it?]

[Yes, Kuro said I’m free to do what I want to do with them... Should I lend you
some of the volumes?]

[...Miyama-sama, you were my messiah all along...]

[I’m not.]

Lunamaria-san’s tension was starting to get strange, so I handed her one volume
of the Eating Tour in its Entirety Guide to shut her up. Thereupon,
Lunamaria-san immediately pounced on it. Her eyes are scary... Those aren’t the
eyes of someone reading the book, they’re definitely the eyes of someone who was
about to head towards a decisive battle...

[...A-Ahhh... How wonderful... How sublime...]

[...]

Each of her reactions are too exaggerated. Well, I guess that’s how valuable the
book is to Lunamaria-san. In fact, I might look at it as some kind of restaurant
report book... but for fanatics, it might as well be the Bible huh. Already
forgetting her original purpose for coming here, Lunamaria-san sat down on the
sofa, reading the book... Ummm, aren’t you working right now? No, let’s not
voice out our tsukkomi here. It kinda feels scary...

Looking at Lunamaria-san, I let out a small sigh before taking out cookies from
my magic box.

[...I have cookies as teacakes. Lunamaria-san, would you like to have some?]

[Thank you, “Kaito-san”! I’m really glad!]

[...Unnn?]

[Ahh...]

Somehow, I think something strange just now... Lunamaria-san’s voice just now,
it wasn’t her usual cool voice, as her voice sounded innocent like a child. It
isn’t as if she did it on purpose either... It’s as if she had accidentally “let
her true nature come out”.

[...]

[...]

Lunamaria-san’s face then began to turn pale as she looked at me, sweat dripping
down her forehead. A very awkward silence passed between us while I stayed
silent, unable to say anything. After a while, Lunamaria-san quickly stands up,
still holding the book. Her face also seemed to be dyed red.

[...M-Miyama-sama. P-Please excuse my impudence, but may I borrow this book?]

[Ah, yes. You can borrow it.]

[T-Thank you. I’ll be excusing myself then!]

[Eh? Ahh?!]

As soon as I nodded, Lunamaria-san walked out of the room at great speed. Errr,
what just happened... Could it be that Lunamaria-san... was feeling shy? I
somehow feel like I’ve seen something very unusual.

A few hours after Lunamaria-san left the room, I spent my time leisurely
reading... but Lunamaria-san, who should have ran away, came back.

[...Errr, Lunamaria-san?]

[...Miyama-sama, here.]

[...What is this?]

When Lunamaria-san came back, she handed me something wrapped in a palm-sized
wrapper. It’s slightly warm and faintly smells sweet... Are these sweets? As I
tilted my head to the side, not knowing why she handed it to me, Lunamaria-san
averted her gaze towards the right, speaking with an air of calmness.

[...Please think of it as some kind of hush money?]

[Hush money?]

[Please don’t tell anyone what happened earlier.]

[...Alright.]

[Thank you. Now then, I’ll be excusing myself.]

I planned to calmly talk with Lunamaria-san, but seeing the firm look on her
eyes, a lot of things were conveyed. Even so, this package... Pink paper and
tied with a frilly ribbon... It feels like Lunamaria-san has quite the cute
taste. I felt as if I’ve seen a side of Lunamaria-san, which I don’t usually
see, making a small smile naturally appear in my lips. Opening the package I
received... I found a variety of colorful marshmallows inside.

...As I thought, it was really something cute... That’s one side of her that I
didn’t expect. I was given homemade-looking marshmallows, but whether it’s the
wrapping paper or the ribbon—Lunamaria-san is quite feminine.

---

It was late at night at Duchess Albert’s mansion. Illness was walking with a
regular stride through the corridor of the mansion, which boasts of a
considerable size. She usually has more than 10 times the workload of other
maids, but that’s still too few of a job for the extremely excellent Illness.
She is trusted not only by Lilia, the Head of the household, but also by Kaito,
who entrusted her with the care of Bellfreed and Lindwurm when he’s away.

Being a Demon, she doesn’t require sleep, so she also goes around the mansion at
nights like today, making her rounds. Walking through the corridors of the
mansion, Illness was thinking of starting preparations for breakfast... when she
stopped walking. After a few moments of silence, she opened the door to a nearby
empty room, went inside, locked it securely and spoke.

[Am I to receiiiiiive a new missioooooon? Shalltear-samaaaaa.]

Just after Illness announced this, the view at a part of the room distorted and
her boss, Alice, appeared.

[No, it’s not about a mission. I just want to consult something with you for a
bit.]

[Consuuuuult, is iiiiiiit?]

Hearing Alice’s words, Illness curiously tilted her head. Having such a reaction
is normal though, as this would be the first time she had received a
consultation from Alice. Needless to say, Alice is abnormally smart. So smart
that while Illness was in the middle of trying to read a person’s next step,
Alice could already foresee a hundred or two possibilities... She couldn’t think
of anything that such an Alice would consult with her.

[It’s not yet a certainty that this will be the case. Currently, I’d say that
there would be a 20% chance that such a future would happen. Connective
materials have been starting to come together, but such an event won’t occur
unless the spark appears.]

[...My apologiiiiiiies, but I don’t think there’s anything I could help with
thaaaaaat. If it was an ordeeeeer or a missiooooon, I will follow iiiiiit... but
I don’t think I’ll be able to help in a consultatioooooon.]

Thinking that she probably wouldn’t be able to help Alice, Illness took a deep
bow, turned away and was about to leave the room.

[Even if I say this is related to Kaito-san?]

[...]

However, her feet came to a complete stop at Alice’s words. Pulling away her
hand that was about to touch the doorknob, she slowly turned towards Alice.

[...Would it be alriiiiight if I ask for the detaiiiiils?]

[Yes, of course.]

For Illness, there’s only one thing in this world that takes precedence over
everything else. Hearing that this matter concerns Kaito, whom she loved dearly,
the option of not listening to Alice disappeared in Illness’ mind.

[As I said before, it was still not definite... but the possibility has been
created. The possibility that Kaito-san would get involved with “this world’s
biggest taboo”...]

[...That matter that “the Six Kings and the Supreme Gods won’t intervene at
aaaaaall”?]

[That’s right.]

[Just suddenly hearing thaaaaat, that sounds unbelievableeeeee. I don’t think
it’s possibleeeee for Kaito-sama alone to reach “that truuuuuuuth”.]

The contents of Alice’s statement made Illness look a little quizzical.

[Yes, it normally would have been impossible. However, Kaito-san had this
tendency to attract trouble. I mean, he’s already met the subject in question.]

[...]

[Though I say that, as I mentioned before, the probability of such an event
happening is about 20%. Conversely speaking though, Kaito-san has a one-in-five
chance of reaching it. The great incident that became the turning point of this
world... and the truth hidden behind it.]

Hearing the words Alice quietly spoke, Illness closed her eyes and thought.
After a short pause, she slowly opened her eyes.

[...It will definitelyyyy become a battleeeee.]

[That’s highly possible. I can’t see a possibility where Kaito-san would know
that truth and not act on it. However, this is just troublesome. Finding an ally
on Kaito-san’s side in this matter, that is.]

[Indeeeed, that matter is a little complicateeeeeeed. Shalltear-samaaa, you also
couldn’t carelessly make a move in this matter, riiiiiight?]

[...Well, if it really comes to that point that it can’t be helped anymore, I
will take Kaito-san’s side. Me moving might be some kind of defeat for Kaito-san
though.]

Alice and Illness both had a common understanding that they would take action if
Kaito knew the hidden truth of that matter. They will try to somehow solve it.

After all... That matter is something “greatly related to Kuromueina”...

[Why are you telling me thiiiiis?]

[Suppose that when this prediction becomes reality, Kaito-san would need to
challenge it with the best members he could assemble. In that case, however, a
huge wall would stand in front of Kaito-san’s group... the wall called “the
Portcullis’ Giant Soldier, Funf”. Frankly speaking, an average opponent wouldn’t
be able to win against Funf-san. She is, without a doubt, one of the most
powerful among the Count-ranks.]

[I seeeee, that’s why you called for meeeee?]

[Yes, fortunately, most of my executives... the Ten Demons, other than Pandora,
had their names unknown to the public. Even if you were to show up to save
Kaito-san, no one will probably realize that you are Pandemonium.]

Unlike the other members of the Six Kings’ subordinates, Alice’s subordinates
often infiltrate different places. That’s whyy, even though it’s known to the
public that she had a large amount of subordinates, detailed information about
them is unknown. The same is true for the Ten Demons, as even though their names
were very well known, but few people have seen them. That’s why Illness can be
involved in this taboo without anyone connecting her with the Six Kings.

[...I understaaaaaand. I will fiiiiiight.]

[...Can you win?]

[I intend to wiiiiiin.]

It’s still only a possibility... and at this point, it’s more likely that it
won’t happen. However, the pieces were definitely coming together, so they
should be prepared.

[You certainly are one of the strongest Count-ranks in the world, I have no
doubt about that. However, you are... “born with a low amount of magic power”.
Even if you had trained your body until you acquired the strength of a peak
Count-rank, that doesn’t change the fact that your magic power is inferior to
that of mid Count-ranks. In a high-dimensional battle, the difference in the
amount of magic power is directly related to the difference in physical ability.
You are the type who compensates that with your techniques... No, I know I
shouldn’t ask this since I’m the one who brought this up to you... but can you
break her “Aegis”?]

[...I intend to use “Aesiiiiiir”.]

[Heehhh... You’re going to bring out your trump card huh. That “Secret Technique
that has never been used for more than 15,000 years” since its creation...]

[Yeeeees, I think I probablyyyyy meet the requirements noooooow.]

Alice looked a little surprised when Illness brought up the word “Aesir”. The
Aesir is the most powerful secret technique that Illness possesses, a technique
that she, who has a handicap in terms of magic power, has developed in order to
smash through the superior status of others.

[Incidentally, how many “years worth” are you going to use?]

[I suppoooooose 5000 years would be my limiiiiiit. Any more than thaaaaaat and
my body will break doooooown.]

[...5000 years huh, don’t you think it would be a waste? If you use that power
three times, the next time you can use that will be 5000 years from now, right?]

In response to Alice’s words of confirmation, Illness softly smiled.

[It will never be a waaaaaste. My bodyyyyy, my heaaaaaart, my souuuuuul, my
everythiiiiing is devoted to Kaito-samaaaaa. If it’s to secure the futuuuuuure
that Kaito-sama waaaaaaants... I will gladly offer him my 5000 yeeeeeeears.]

[Fyuuu\~\~ Kaito-san sure is loved huh. In that case, can I leave this to you?]

[Yes, “Aesir”, “my eyeeees”, I will use them if it’s necessaryyyyyy.]

[My, oh my. I guess that would be the first time, even for me, to see you
fighting seriously. Well then, as soon as that possibility becomes certain, I’ll
call on you again.]

[Understood.]

Alice disappeared, leaving only Illness in the dimly lit room. After Illness
stared at her palm for a bit, she lightly flicked her fingers. Thereupon, ten
knives appeared around her and after flying around the room by themselves at a
tremendous speed, all of the knives simultaneously attacked her. After Illness
made one turn to the side, all the flying knives were in her hand.

[...Off by about 3 mm huuuuuh. It’s been peaceful latelyyyy, so my battle
seeeeense may have been a bit duuuuuull.]

Looking at the knives in her hand, Illness quietly spoke in the empty room.

[Using Aesir at a time like thiiiiiis makes me a little nervouuuuus. I guess
I’ll contact Ozma-samaaaaaa and get myself some trainiiiiiiing.]

As she muttered this, Illness turned her attention back to the knives in her
hand and smiled. Reminiscing about the past... and about how the beginnings of
her and her master also started with knives...

---

It was about 19,000 years ago.

It was a time when order was beginning to be established in the Demon Realm
through Alice’s efforts. Illness was on a leisurely journey around the various
regions of the Demon Realm. There was no particular reason why she decided to do
so. If really she had to say one, it was for self-improvement. Illness is a
unique species of Demon, having no parents or siblings. She has no purpose, no
dreams of becoming something. She was born with the power to manipulate
diseases, but she had no idea for what purpose she was to use it. Feeling empty,
she just vaguely tried to master the martial arts she had created. It wasn’t as
if she felt the need to do that though...

While traveling and helping people in various places, she continued to do what
she thought was generally right. In a sense, she was stoic even to herself, and
although she was born with little magic power,it was at least conspicuously
growing, and before long, even in the vast Demon Realm, she had become a strong
person who could be counted among the top.

One day, as she continued her journey, a turning point arrived. While she was
walking through the most enormous forest in the Demon Realm, she suddenly felt a
presence nearby.

(...This iiiiiiis, I think it’s safe to saaaaay that they’re intentionally
showing their preseeeeence. A presence that is always emitted from a certain
directioooooon and with a certain intensityyyyyy... They’re trying to beckon me
towards theeeeeem.)

She didn’t look in the direction of the presence she felt and continued walking
as if she didn’t notice them, but there was a bead of sweat trickling down her
forehead.

(They got meeeee. I can feel the direction of that preseeeeeence, but I can’t
detect the souuuuurce\~\~. This would be the first time in a long time that I’m
being outclaaaaaaassed.)

After thinking about it, she turned towards the direction of the presence. To
find out the other party’s reaction to her action... Would it be fair to say it
worked? There was indeed a reaction. It was just for a moment, but the presence
she had been feeling got stronger... However, that was definitely on purpose.
The fact is that, even though the presence got stronger, Illness is still unable
to detect the source of that presence.

(Now this is troubliiiiing. They’re far more powerful than I thouuuuught. I’m
sure what I just felt wasn’t their full poweeeeer, but the density and quality
of their magic power is juuuuust... They’re so incredibly strong that I can only
despaaaaair. I would already do weeeeeell surviving two exchanges against
theeeeem.)

Recognizing that the presence she sensed was far superior to herself, Illness
quietly took her stance while breaking out in a cold sweat.

(Unfortunatelyyyyyy, it’s probably impossible to escaaaape. At the very
leeeeeast, I’d like to strike back an arrow before I diiiiiiie.)

While Illness was concentrating with all her might while boosting her magic
power, a large number of knives were thrown almost simultaneously from all
around Illness. Spinning around, she flicked them away, grabbing the last one in
her hand. Immediately thereafter, she heard a voice echoing from deep in the
forest.

[Splendidly done. You’ve done well. I could tell from how you trained your magic
power that you were more than ordinary, but you have exceeded my expectations.]

[It is my honoooooor to receive your praaaaaise. But if it’s possibleeeeee,
would it be alright if I could see you in persooooon?]

[Of course, I don’t mind.]

With a cheerful voice, a girl with long blonde hair and a mask appeared in front
of Illness. At first glance, the girl wasn’t so different in stature from
Illness, but standing before her made Illness sweat profusely, trembling in
fear.

(I knew she was far superior to meeeee, but I guess I was still underestimating
heeeeer. Her strength is clearly on a different leveeeeeel. For someone to be
this strong to be in the Demon Reeeeeealm...)

Having sensed the overwhelming strength of the girl before her just by being in
her presence, Illness gave up resisting and simply waited for her to speak.

[Oops, I haven’t introduced myself yet, have I? My name is Shalltear, nice to
meet you.]

[My naaaaaaame is Illness.]

[Illness-san huh. Once again, that was splendidly done. For that, I’d like to
discuss something with you...]

[What is iiiiiit?]

When it seemed like the girl was about to get down to her main business, Illness
raised her vigilance. Thereupon, the girl... Shalltear grinned and spoke.

[How about becoming my “subordinate”?]

[...]

[Well, this is that so-called being scouted. I still need more people to perfect
the order in the Demon Realm. You have such splendid strength... I promise I’ll
welcome you as an “executive”, you know?]

[...Who are youuuuu?]

Illness had no idea who Shalltear was. Although she was talking about something
large-scale like the order of the Demon Realm, she was concerned that such a
powerful person wasn’t well-known in the Demon Realm and unknown to Illness.In
response to Illness’ question, with a smile still on her face, Shalltear spoke.

[For those who don’t know me, I am known as the Phantasmal King, No Face.]

[Oh? You’re one of those “Six Kiiiiiings” I’ve heard so much about these days
huhhhh... I seeeee, just from the fact you call yourselves Kiiiiiings, I can
tell you’re tremendous beiiiiiings... Sooooo? What does King-samaaaaa want me to
dooooo?]

[Well, you’d definitely be curious about that huh? Let’s see. Well then, let me
explain to you what the job is and how your reception will be.]

After saying this, Shalltear began giving her a detailed explanation and after
she finished listening, Illness thought for a moment before speaking.

[...I understand the gist of thiiiiiings. I also have no objections with the
conditiooooons, so I will be your subordinaaaaaate.]

[A prompt decision huh... I see, I see... Seems like it’s another “distorted”
one huh.]

[Yeeeees?]

[No, it’s nothing. Well then, from today on, you will be working under me as an
executive... When acting as my subordinate, you are to call yourself with a
“codename”. Information is a useful weapon, and deception is an essential tool.
You are, let’s see... You are to call yourself “Pandemonium”.]

[Understood, Shalltear-samaaaaa.]

[Very well, you are free to do as you please until further notice. Well then, I
look forward to working with you in the future, Pandemonium.]

In response to Shalltear’s words, who called her by her codename, Illness
responded with a deep bow. Just like that, Pandemonium... which was later known
as the “Doomsday-Invoking Plague”, had become Shalltear’s subordinate.

---

Since becoming Shalltear’s subordinate, Illness... Pandemonium has been obedient
to her master. She does her job perfectly and reports regularly. Having no
purpose or goal, it was very easy for her to follow someone else’s orders. She
was the only decent among the Phantasmal King’s Executives, the Ten Demons
filled with people with strong peculiarities. Yes, on the surface, that is...

[...How should I say this... You have some really interesting distortion, don’t
you?]

[What do you meeeeean? You also said something like thaaaaaat when we first met,
riiiiight?]

Hearing the words Shalltear said at once point, Illness tilted her head in
sincere curiosity.

[Lacking greed, those words certainly sound nice to the ears, but when it’s
reaching your level... You could say empty would be a more apt description.]

[Empty?]

[Ye, you desire for nothing. “You want nothing from anyone”. Your way of being,
your everything, all of it was completely on your own. Therefore, you act based
on the standard of “what is right” that exists in you. The principle of your
actions exists only in yourself. I mean, even towards me, you don’t hold any
respect or any other feelings either, right? You only do what you do because you
think “it’s right to obey your master’s orders”.]

[...]

Yes, Pandemonium only sees herself. She judges her surroundings through her own
measure. In a sense, it’s the ultimate self-centeredness of thought... That was
how distorted of a person Pandemonium is.

She basically treats everyone kindly... because she thinks treating others
kindly is right.

She doesn’t hesitate to deal with her most closests people as long as Shalltear
orders her to do so... because she thinks that was what it means to be a master
and subordinate.

She doesn’t have any purpose or goal... because she doesn’t think of them as
necessary.

She doesn’t understand the feeling of happiness... because happiness is
something you have to seek to acquire.

[You desire nothing from no one... You only give to others. Through your own
basis, your own sense of value, acting as if it’s the most obvious thing in the
world, you give to others... That “devotion” is definitely your true nature...
but “devotion without an object of devotion” is just a distortion.]

Her true nature is devotion that asks nothing in return... However, the target
of her devotion does not exist. She has nothing. As Shalltear had said, she
really was empty. Illness herself understood that. However, she doesn’t see the
need to change...

[I seeeeee, that’s very interestiiiiiing.]

[And even now, you don’t think what I’m telling you is necessary. The act of
others giving you anything in itself is something you don’t desire. It’s
something you can’t comprehend.]

[...]

[...I hope you find them someday. “Someone” you could offer your devotion...]

[I suppoooooose. If that happeeeeens, I might be able to understaaaaand what it
is that you’re sayiiiiing.]

Although she gave Shalltear such an answer for the time being, Pandemonium had
concluded through her own basis that such a day would never come true.

---

Nearly 20,000 years had passed since she encountered Shalltear, but Pandemonium
remained empty. Even though she remained unchanged, the world and the current
state of things changed. Order has been created in the Demon Realm, and the
terms “Six Kings” and “Peerage-rankings” became common knowledge, and the Treaty
of Friendship was signed between the three realms.

Pandemonium’s station had changed, as she became the Chief Information Manager
of the Symphonia Kingdom, and she began working as a maid at the royal castle
under her real name, Illness, which she had never used since the day she met
Shalltear. However, her heart has not changed. She continues to live a life
devoted that asks nothing in return.

[Illness! Listen to me! I won second place in the martial arts competition!!!
Well, I lost to Sieg in the finals... but I will definitely win the next one!]

When the princess... Lilianne, who she has taken care of since she was a child,
told her so, she responded with an answer that follows through her standard.
Praising a person who did her best with a smile is right...

Giving such a response doesn’t satisfy Illness, but it does satisfy Lilianne. In
that case, such a response is right.

[Please, Illness! I know how to behave as a Duchess to a certain extent, but I
have no idea how to teach servants or anything like that... Most of the people
who said they’d follow me are former knights, and there’s no one else who
understands what it’s like being a maid!]

Seeing Lilianne asking this to her while rubbing her head against the ground,
Illness thought that “If she was asking so desperately, considering her request
would be right”. And thus, she confirmed this with her master, Shalltear. She
thinks that making a decision on her own wasn’t right. Whether Shalltear accepts
having relocated or not doesn’t matter to her. She would just continue to walk
the path indicated by others, going according to her standards...

It was four years later that a turning point came to such an empty, desireless
Illness.

---

Gathering all the servants, the head of the mansion, Lilianne... now Lilia,
strongly declared. The first male guest in the mansion is a valued guest for
Lilia, and she does not allow any harm to come his way...

However, her words didn’t reach Illness’ ears.

She just kept her gaze at the male guest... the otherworlder named Miyama Kaito.
Her eyes, which were always unfocused, focused on him, staring at him as if she
were devouring his being. Seeing a being she felt was beautiful for the first
time in her life... Kaito, a certain emotion welled up in her heart.

(...I want to see iiiiiiit. Not that anxious expression on his faaaaace, but a
smiiiiile... I want to see him smiiiiile. I want to see him with a happy
expression on his faaaaaace.)

After having devoted herself to others for a long time, it was the first time
“she had desired something”. She wanted him to be happy, she didn’t want him to
have such a sad expression on his face... She desired for Kaito’s happiness. It
brought about a dramatic change to Illness. Wanting to serve Kaito, she took it
upon herself to be his personal maid. She worked behind the scenes to help him
adjust to the mansion as quickly as possible. And...

[Pandemonium, here is your new assignment. Gather as much information as
possible about the otherworlder residing in the mansion, Miyama Kaito, and
report to me with as much detail as possible.]

[I refuuuuuse.]

[...What did you say?]

[As I recaaaaall, Shalltear-sama had told me this back theeeeen. That I have
“the freedom to disobey youuuuuu”. If that’s the caaaaase, I will use such
freedom right heeeeeere.]

If she were to be honest, Shalltear was a little surprised by those words. After
all, Illness, who had never once complained or even looked displeased since she
became her subordinate, clearly refused the mission given to her. She was too
obedient of a person. But now, she could clearly feel her strong intent to
reject her command.

[...Do you mind if I ask the reason why?]

[I don’t haaaaave any particular reasoooooon. It’s just thaaaaaat I am now
putting priority on Kaito-samaaaaa over Shalltear-samaaaaa. Disrespectful it may
beeeeee, from now ooooon, my actions will now prioritize Kaito-samaaaaaa.]

[...I see, you’ve found him. The one you dedicate your devotion to.]

[Yeeeees.]

Seeing Illness decisively answering her, a small smile appeared on Shalltear’s
lips.

[...I see, it can’t be helped then. I will just prepare other means.]

[What will be my punishmeeeeeent?]

[There’s none of that. You were justly exercising the rights I gave you, so I
have no reason to condemn you. I will only tell you one thing...
Congratulations.]

After saying that she wouldn’t punish Illness for disobeying her instructions
and congratulating her, Shalltear lightly waved her hand and disappeared. As she
watched Shalltear left, Illness simply gave her a deep bow.

---

After feeling nostalgic for a few moments, she left the room and started walking
down the moonlit corridor again. In the silence, Illness continued to walk,
feeling as if she is the only one in the mansion at the moment. When she arrived
in front of one of the rooms, she stopped, and taking the master key of the
mansion out of her pocket, she unlocked the room. Opening the door quietly so as
not to make any noise, she then went inside.

She was in the room given to Kaito, and on the bed, Kaito was sleeping with a
regular breathing. Approaching the bed where Kaito was sleeping, Illness gently
fixed the slightly disheveled covers on his body. She then just lovingly looked
at Kaito’s sleeping face.

(My apologieeeees for coming so late at niiiiiight. I just suddenlyyyy wanted to
see your faaaaaace... This is troubliiiiing, before I knew iiiiiit, I have
become greedyyyyyy.)

After gently and tenderly stroking Kaito’s hair, Illness held her hair in one
hand and slowly brought her face close to Kaito’s. Thereupon, she gave him a
kiss, just a slight touch of her lips on his cheek, before she softly murmured.

[I dearly love youuuuu. Even now and the futuuuuure, always and foreveeeeeer.]

Pulling her face away, Illness patted Kaito’s head once more, and went to the
door to leave the room. As she put her hand on the doorknob, she turned around
and softly spoke.

[I hooooope that the future you tread upooooon will always be filled with
happineeeeeess.]

Leaving behind her wish for Kaito’s happiness, Illness left Kaito’s room and
walked down the hallways three times, she looked at the moon shining outside the
window and smiled.

[Kaito-samaaaa, you have changed my world. You filled up this empty meeeeee.
That’s whyyyyyy, I want to devote myself to youuuuu. I’m really glad to have met
youuuu. I will definitelyyyyyy open up the path for youuuuu, the path towards
your happy futuuuuuuure.]

Thinking of what Alice had told her, Illness quietly clenched her fists, vowing
that she would definitely help Kaito.
