---
toc: true
---

# Intermission: Caraway —What was Lost and What was Gained

Peerage-holding, High-ranking Demon. It’s the term that refers to a very small
percentage of beings in the Demon Realm, but unlike peerage-holding nobles of
the Human Realm, they don’t particularly need to have territories or belong to a
specific country. In fact, the term “peerage-holding, high-ranking Demon” was
created by the “Phantasmal King, No Face” and it had spread out around the Demon
Realm.

In the Demon Realm back then, there were only two broad categories of Demons:
Ordinary Demons and High-ranking Demons who possessed a certain level of power.
Thinking that such a system is inconvenient in managing the information of the
Demon Realm, No Face created the “peerages” for those who have superior power
among the high-ranking Demons, and quickly spread it throughout the Demon Realm
with her overwhelming intelligence department. Only No Face and a few of her
confidants know the criteria for judging high-ranking Demons, while they are
appointed by the Phantasmal King Corps. However, for No Face, this naming is
just for administrative purposes and to make it easier for them to classify, so
there is no appointment ceremony or any sort of award.

For those who have been judged by No Face and her confidants to “have power
above the set standard”, the Phantasmal King’s subordinates would suddenly
appear before them and simply verbally tell them that they have been judged to
have this given peerage. However, their peerage rank has become a proof of great
power in the kraterocratic Demon Realm, and has become a kind of status. It is
even said that becoming a Peerage-holding Demon will change your world. Even if
you don’t try to gather them, Demons wanting to be your subordinate will gather
around you, and wealth and fame will start coming your way.

Therefore, every Demon dreams to receive the title of becoming a Peerage-holding
Demon one day. However, the people that can obtain that title within the vast
number of races that the Demon Realm... Only a handful of them really exist. The
Viscount-rank Demon, Caraway, was also one of the chosen few.

She was born in a race that wasn’t naturally very powerful, but she was born
with a talent that was unparalleled in the history of her species. As she grew
older, her skills rapidly improved, and eventually, she became the first of her
kind to receive a peerage. At that moment, her race extolled her as a “hero”,
and gave her unreserved praise.

For Caraway, being called the hero of her race was a source of pride, and it
became a guiding principle that inspired her to live up to that title. But at
the same time, being a Peerage-holder brought her pleasures as sweet as honey.
Many demons wanted to become her subordinates and wealth gathered in her hands.
As she rose from the baron to viscount, the sweet nectar she received increased
even more, and she relished in the peak of happiness.

She was indeed a genius... but her natural talents... could only get her that
far. There is a barrier between Viscount and Count that only an even smaller
number of “monsters” among geniuses can cross, and Caraway could not cross that
barrier.

Perhaps, she should have just given up there. If only she knew her place and
been satisfied with where she was... She would never have lost sight of her
initial resolution. However, once she tasted the supreme nectar, her heart
yearned for more. She began to think about how much happiness awaited her once
she reached Count-rank. She wasn’t thinking about standing at the top of the
Demon Realm. She knew that even if she spent her whole life training her
abilities to get stronger, she would never be able to reach even the tip of any
of the Six Kings’ strength. She just wanted to be as close to it as
possible...ascend to the highest place that she could.

What was most ironic was that she was ‘slightly out of reach’ from Count-rank...
which meant she could fight even with those who were low Count-rank. Even though
she has that much ability, none of Phantasmal King’s subordinates appeared
before her, telling her that she has become a Count-rank. Even though she must
have enough ability, she still wasn’t certified as a Count-rank. On the other
hand, if she can obtain the fact that will allow her to make the step forward,
she would be able to reach it.

That’s why, she reached out her hand... to him who isn’t from this world, the
person who would help her make great strides... filled with selfish desires, she
reached out her hand... and she failed. However, she is “glad that she
failed”... Because she failed, she is still able to keep her life. If she had
succeeded in kidnapping Kaito, she would have been immediately beheaded by No
Face for causing chaos in the world. Her vision was so narrowed at that time
that she couldn’t even notice such things.

...Building things up is difficult, but losing it could only take an instant.

Caraway lost everything in that one incident. She was warned by the Six Kings
and her reputation within the Six Kings was severely diminished. In a way, it
feels as if her sentence is just suspended for later... and the loyalty of her
subordinates wasn’t high enough for them to want to follow her. She doesn’t
blame them for that. If the situation were reversed, she would have done the
same. That’s how absolute of an existence the Six Kings are.

All of her subordinates left her, and even her own race began to look at her
negatively. From the hero of her race... She became the disgrace of her race...
The speed at which everything rolled down was so fast that she couldn’t help but
laugh. At that moment... When she was finally free of her burning desires, she
wept profusely and regretted her actions. Where was the hero of her own people,
the one who had worked so hard to not shame that title? When did she become such
an unsightly fool...

However, regret would not erase the mistakes of the past. She had fallen so far
that there was no hope of a second chance, and Caraway herself accepted it.
Since the Six Kings had pardoned her, albeit with a warning, no one was
criticizing her on the surface, but the sneers and scornful looks never
disappeared. It’s agonizing... painful... Unlike the Demon Lord Vier, she didn’t
have the strength to carry all her sins and still keep walking through life.
Over and over again, she shed tears of regret for her past and for what she had
lost. It was so painful that she wanted to run away, but she couldn’t forgive
herself for not doing anything to make amends. At least not until she says a few
words of apologies... even if the victim, Kaito, doesn’t forgive her.

She heard the rumor about the Six Kings Festival, and was allowed to help with
it on the condition that she wouldn’t be allowed to participate in the main
festival. After pleading with them, she was also given the opportunity to
apologize to Kaito, and with the invitation in hand, she came to visit where he
lives.

---

After handing over the invitations for the Six Kings Festival, Caraway was
cleaning up the grounds where the event would take place. Not being a
subordinate of the Six Kings, she was not given any important work to do, only
random chores, but she continued to do them without a single complaint. She is a
celebrity in the Demon Realm, but what she has is mostly infamy, and she can’t
help but notice the strange gazes that fall on her. Some of them used to be her
subordinates, but now that they’ve followed another Demon, the way they look at
her is very cold...

As she continues to work in this suffocating atmosphere, a shadow suddenly
appears in front of her eyes.

[...Stop for a moment. Phantasmal King-sama has a message for you.]

[P-Pandora-sama?! A-A message from Phantasmal King-sama... Y-Yes... W-What is
it?]

The one who appeared before her is the Phantasmal King’s right hand, Pandora,
who is known as the strongest among the Count-ranks. A messenger from the Six
Kings came to visit her... It doesn’t seem like she’s going to talk about
something simple. Could it be that she has done something wrong again? The other
Demons seemed to think so as well, and they looked at Caraway with gazes mixed
with contempt.

However, the words that came out of Pandora’s mouth were something that no one
in that area expected.

[You are to guide Miyama-sama at the time of his visit. You can stop cleaning
now. From now on, until the day of the festival, you are to memorize information
about the festival and the stalls that will be opened. Take your utmost care not
to be disrespectful to Miyama-sama.]

[...Huh? Eh?]

What she said was something really unlikely. It is a known fact to many Demons
that Kaito is someone important for the Six Kings. As for guiding him... Putting
aside if it was left to one of the Six Kings’ subordinates, it’s hard to believe
that this task is entrusted to Caraway, someone treated as a sinner.

[P-Please wait! W-Why is this... being entrusted to me...]

[You are nominated by Miyama-sama himself. You don’t have the right to refuse,
so just respectfully accept it.]

[...Eh? M-Miyama-sama... appointed... me... Why?]

It’s true that Kaito told her that he forgave Caraway when she apologized at
Lilia’s mansion before. However, this was only because Kaito was kind, and that
doesn’t mean that all grudges disappear. For Caraway, being personally appointed
by Kaito was like a bolt out of the blue. However, the shocking development
continues.

[Ahh, you are also to receive this...]

[Wha?! T-This is... the companion badge? W-Why...]

[Miyama-sama appointed you as his companion. Make sure you thank him.]

[...Why...]

Caraway couldn’t understand Kaito’s actions at all. Why is it that he has no
resentment towards her...

[...I will now convey Miyama-sama’s message.]

[...Y-Yes!]

[“I’m sorry for suddenly asking you to guide us. Also, I’m sorry for making you
my companion without asking you first and only telling you after you had already
become one. I know it may be brazen of me, but as a “friend”, I would be happy
if Caraway-san could enjoy the Six Kings Festival as well. If it’s not too much
trouble, please accept it.”... End of message.]

[...Ahh... aaaa...]

[Well then, I will notify you later for the detailed date of his arrival. Make
sure you’re not late.]

[Y-Yes...]

After Pandora told her just what she needed to know before leaving her alone,
Caraway’s shoulders shook. With tears shedding from her eyes, she carefully
wrapped the badge within her hands.

[...Calling this foolish me... your friend... Ahhh... Why did I... do that to
such a noble person... It couldn’t be helped if I even get embarrassed of
myself... Thank you very much... Miyama-sama... Thank you...]

With a large drop of tears in her eyes, Caraway expresses her gratitude to Kaito
who isn’t here. At that moment, she hadn’t realized it yet. That Kaito’s message
that day was the salvation that would change her current situation...

Yes, as long as Kaito called Caraway his “friend”, she would be recognized as
such. If anyone were to speak ill of her... of “Kaito’s friend”... That would be
an act equivalent to suicide. Kaito’s single word became the shield that
protected her from the unpleasant gazes. However, it goes without saying...
Kaito himself hadn’t thought about it, and he just asked Pandora to give her
that message in a very normal way. After she realized the influence of Kaito’s
words, Caraway misunderstood that Kaito did this to protect her. She was so
moved that she shed tears to the point that she can’t cry anymore, secretly
pledging her loyalty to Kaito in her heart... but that’s a story for another
time.

![Insert 5](../../_Images/v08/Insert5.jpg#.insert)
