---
toc: true
---

# Serious-senpai's Room: Act 8

Today, just as usual, in the waiting room... or rather, in Serious-senpai’s
room, Serious-senpai was reading the 8th Volume of “I was Caught up in a Hero
Summoning, but That World is at Peace”.

[Unnn. Well, there definitely is some flirting, but it seems like some serious
scenes have finally begun appearing, like the Last Boss starting to get serious.
This was a pretty good read, Volume 8, I mean.]

After placing the book she had finished reading on the table, Serious-senpai
smiled as she brought the cup of choccy milk to her lips.

[? ? ? is also not here today, so the atmosphere in this place is great. Ahh, I
could feel it. The current is coming. The Serious Big Wave is...]

[Heyyaaaa~~]

[.........]

As ? ? ? was busy preparing her role in the next volume, Serious-senpai was
enjoying the peace and quiet that she hadn’t had in a long time. But sadly...
Her peace did not last long.

[...What are you doing here? Main Heroine (lol).]

[Ahh? You asking for a beating?]

[I-I’m sorry.]

What appeared was a girl with a nameplate with “Under King” written in front of
her chest... A girl who often appears in the main story.

[...Also, you’re making a mistake here. The me right now is a being whose
identity is unknown... Under King.]

[If you want to hide your identity, couldn’t you try a little harder!? Don’t try
basing your identity in a nameplate you’re wearing!!! Moreover, isn’t that
nameplate you’re wearing is totally exposing your identity!?]

[Well, well, putting that aside... I brought you some provisions~~]

Serious-senpai, quickly unleashing her sharp tsukkomi slashes, was lightly
brushed off by Under King as she took out a large paper bag.

[Unnn? Provisions... What did you bring?]

[Baby castellas!]

[I’ve got more than enough! I’ve already got more than enough... Heck, the
number of baby castellas in this room is increasing with each passing volume!
What the heck is going on!?]

It was a result that was, in a sense, quite predictable, but what Under King
brought were baby castellas. Incidentally, there were still piles and piles of
them in this room.

[Moreover, each and every one of them would either be too strange or have
bizarre flavors. Seriously, why the heck...]

[Ahh, those baby castellas... aren’t they my failed creations? How did they end
up here?]

[It’s all your doing!?]

[N-No, I’m not the one bringing them here though? I properly “asked Shalltear to
get rid of them”... They probably just tumbled around and ended up in this
place?]

[Like hell they just happened to tumble their way here! They’re definitely
brought by that b*stard here!]

Unexpectedly finding out the culprit as to why more baby castellas were popping
out in the room, Serious-senpai shouted towards the absent ? ? ?. After gazing
at such a Serious-senpai with a smile on her face, Under King spoke.

[...Speaking of which, I brought you some provisions from Kaito-kun too~~]

[...I have a bad feeling about that.]

[Different assortments of instant coffee... and some kind of “spicy snacks”?]

[Kaito-sama! I’m sorry for being so cheeky here in the back covers! I should
have known you’re my only ally!]

Serious-senpai hates sweet food and loves spicy food. When it comes to
beverages, she loves black coffee the most. Thus, for Serious-senpai, these
provisions were a blessing from heaven. As Serious-senpai, overcome with
emotion, expressed her gratitude while seemingly praying towards Kaito... After
a few moments, she looked as if she noticed something.

[...Wait a freaking sec!? Don’t tell me, that Flag King... He’s planning to
reach his hands on me even when I’m here in the back covers!? H-How
terrifying... However, frustrating it may be, I can feel my Affection Meters
rising... Gununu, d*mn it, Kaito.]

While looking at Serious-senpai, whose expression changes after a few moments,
Under King tilted her head and muttered to herself.

[...For the time being, I guess I can tell him that she’s happy with it, right?]
