---
toc: true
---

# Prologue

After learning about Alice’s past and expressing our feelings for each other,
and after our relationship has changed to that of lovers, Alice relaxes and
sleeps for a while to recover from her exhaustion. When Alice woke up and we’re
on our way to have dinner, she told me about how she had been reunited with her
best friend in a dream.

Her best friend apparently transferred her soul to Alice’s Heart Tool, and she
became a presence that can speak to Alice in her dreams... Although it was
something that would raise people’s eyebrows when they heard it, it was
surprisingly easy for me to believe it when I saw Alice looking sincerely happy.
Well, in the first place, I’ve gotten to know a lot of things that break common
sense, so hearing about a soul residing in a weapon doesn’t really faze me at
all... It wouldn’t be surprising to hear something like the
tsukumogami[^tsukumogami] here. Unfortunately, her best friend only appears in
Alice’s dreams, so it doesn’t seem like I can speak or see her.

After that, we had dinner outside together and went back to the store, and after
chatting for a while, before I knew it, night had fallen.

In a way, I’ve accomplished my goal of staying here with Alice but... I still
decided to stay at Alice’s home for a few more days, and she welcomed me with
open arms. Although I was able to learn more about what Alice was like back
then, one of the reasons I wanted to be here was to know more about the Alice of
today. Well, since it’s a good opportunity for that, I’ll enjoy my time being
together with Alice. Thinking about this, I was about to close my eyes when I
heard a discreet knock on the door of my room.

[...Alice?]

Since Alice was the only person in this house other than me, it’s needless to
say that the one knocking on the door should be Alice.

[Ah\~\~ Errr, c-can I talk with you for a moment?]

[Unnn?]

Her voice slightly flustered, I responded to Alice and when I opened the door...
behind it appeared Alice wearing a nightgown, something that I’ve never seen
before. Dressed in a lovely nightgown, which looked like layers of lace fabric
piled up with each other, Alice was unmasked, and the silence of the night made
her seem even more fantastic. However, Alice in a nightgown? No, well, even
though her body doesn’t need sleep, that doesn’t mean she can’t sleep. So, I’m
not saying that wearing a nightgown is weird but... Why does she have a “pillow”
in hand?

[E-Errr, Kaito-san?]

[Y-Yeah, what’s the matter?]

[U-Ummm... Errr... C-Can I... sleep with you?]

[...Eh?]

Alice, her cheeks slightly blushing, fidgeting with her face lowered, her
atmosphere somehow looked different, and I could feel the heat gathering on my
face. Or rather... Sleep with me? D-Does that mean, s-s-s-s-she wants to do
that? N-No, no?! Isn’t it a little too early for that? W-Well, this certainly is
something that we will eventually do, and as a former human, Alice has clear
information about that aspect... A-As expected, doing that right after we became
lovers, I also need to prepare my heart for that...

Indeed, even I’m a healthy young man. If I were to be asked if I don’t have any
interest in such matters... I can’t say I don’t have any interest in it, and
especially now that Alice is different from usual, looking transient and it was
making me feel strangely nervous.

[...Kaito-san?]

[Ehhh?! Ahh, ummm... W-W-What’s the matter? Suddenly coming?]

[Errr... Ummm, I was a bit lonely... Is that a no?]

[...]

When I listened to Alice’s words, which were timidly announced, I understood
completely. I mean, I realized that I was mistaken. The current Alice doesn’t
have any other motives. I clearly understand from what she just said that she’s
really just lonely and wants to sleep with me, and there’s no other meaning held
within that.

...Eh? The heck is this, I’m feeling really embarrassed for being flustered by
myself now though...

[...Was I being a bother?]

[N-No, it’s alright. It’s not a problem at all!]

[I-Is that so?]

I hurriedly let Alice into the room so that she wouldn’t realize that I was
imagining anything strange. Then, somewhat hastily, I crawled into the bed.
Well, that’s simply because I had some strange imaginations, and if Alice went
in first, it doesn’t seem like I could get in later...

Then, a little while later, placing the pillow Alice was holding on the bed, she
shuffled around and came up the bed. It isn’t like our bodies were directly
touching each other. It’s just that Alice came into the same futon. Considering
the size of Alice’s body, there should be plenty of space to spare... but it
felt like the temperature in the futon had dramatically risen.

[...Kaito-san.]

[Eh? Wha?!]

[Unnn? What’s the matter?]

I seemed to be turning away without realizing it, and when Alice called out to
me, I turned my head to her... and found Alice’s face, so breathtakingly close
to mine. Her beautiful blue eyes reflected my face, and I could see her lips,
which felt even more lustrous, very clearly.

[N-No, it’s nothing?!]

[Really? H-However, it’s that, you know?]

[Unnn?]

[Getting into the same futon like this... F-Feels embarrassing... but it makes
me feel really happy.]

Seeing Alice say that with a bashful smile on her lips, I felt my heart skip a
beat. Her cheeks slightly blushing red, her white skin visible through the gaps
of her nightgown... Especially since Alice is usually dressed in long sleeves,
long pants and a mask, an outfit that doesn’t expose anything, so her current
appearance looks really refreshing... It’s also really bad for my heart though.
A-Anyway, I can’t let this situation keep on going. I-I have to open up some
topics...

[S-Speaking of which, even though Alice has a body that doesn’t need to sleep...
You have a nightgown huh?]

[Yes, you see, I used to be human, so sleeping had somewhat become a habit. In
fact, before I became Kaito-san’s guard, I basically slept every night. After I
came to this world though, there were many people around me who don’t sleep, so
I naturally didn’t sleep much either.]

[Is that so?]

[Well, for High-ranking Demons, including myself, sleeping is just a matter of
preference.]

I already feel like I’m reaching my limits, but Alice really seemed to genuinely
want to be with me this time, and after happily smiling a few times, she gently
approached me. Just a few tens of centimeters... With that alone, our bodies
became so close together that I felt my nervousness reach the climax, and Alice
sinking half of her face into the futon... she stuck her face between my neck
and chest.

[ \~ \~ ?! ]

W-Was that her breath just now?! This is bad, this is really bad... This is so
extraordinarily bad. Because of her discreet contact, Alice’s warmth is getting
more and more palpable, and I felt my whole body getting hotter and hotter.
Despite the thoughts I’m having though, Alice closes her eyes with a somewhat
relieved expression on her face while sticking on me, and after a short amount
of time, I can hear her regularly sleeping breaths.

How should I say this... I’m glad Alice is happy... What’s troubling is that I
was so nervous that my eyes were wide awake, and I didn’t feel like I could
sleep for a while.

[^tsukumogami]:
    Tsukumogami is the collective name given to a type of youkai which are
    haunted household objects.
