---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 2: The Angel's Return

A night had passed, and after eating a delicious breakfast prepared by Alice,
Alice and I were carefreely playing with each other.

[...Ohh.]

[Whoa there, a level up huh. Fufufu, I’ll be catching up with you soon\~\~]

The pointer of the roulette that Alice turned stopped at 4, and when she moved 4
places, it seemed like she arrived on a level-up square, and Alice brightly
smiled. Currently, Alice and I are playing a game that I’ve seen before in my
world... It was that so-called Sugoroku[^sugoroku].

[Even so, this looks really well-made, isn’t it...? “Hero Sugoroku” was it?]

[Yes, the snake-and-ladder game itself was handed down from Kaito-san’s world,
but the one that was spread far and wide was the Hero Sugoroku. Nowadays, this
has become a staple item that most children have played at least once.]

It seems that this Hero Sugoroku seems to be a reenactment of the First Hero’s
journey, and the game isn’t only about advancing your pieces and defeating the
Demon Lord... A Sugoroku that aims to make Neun-san faint. Each piece has a
level, which is raised by stopping at a level-up square. There are level
judgments on monsters and other squares along the way, and if your level is low,
you will be sent back, which is quite fun. Moreover, it was a bit small, but
this game was equipped with a magic crystal that is used to create intricate
effects, such as roars of monsters and several light effects here and there.

It’s a great game that both adults and children can enjoy.

[However, seeing it turned into a toy like this makes me realize how respected
Neun-san was in the eyes of the public.]

[Of course, she’s the Hero of this world after all. Defeated the Demon Lord with
only a few people and brought peace for the whole world... She’s the epitome of
a Hero.]

[...That reminds me, Neun-san’s party, as I recall, was described in the book as
a magician, a spearman... and an all-around thief but... There wasn’t much
detail about them huh.]

The book, which was previously recommended by Kuro, listed the name of
Neun-san... The First Hero, Hikari, but the other party members listed their
professions: magician, spearman and thief, but not their names. I thought it was
deliberately written that way because of some reason but... Since Alice most
probably knows about it, I decided to ask her about it.

[...Ahhh, that’s just a political measure. It’s relatively widely known... but
one of the members of the First Hero’s party is the current King Hydra... So it
was kind of a tacit agreement not to mention it, in consideration of the power
relations between the countries.]

[Heehhh... If I remember correctly, King Hydra was a mermaid, right?]

[Yes, Laguna Dia Hydra... She was the party’s spearman.]

[...It was also written in the book about how she “cleaved a raging river in
half”...]

[That’s a historical fact. That’s how powerful she is.]

As expected of a party member of the First Hero. She must have been quite a
great person.

[...What about the other members?]

[Let me think\~\~ The Elven Magician, called the “Miracle of the Forest”, the
current Elven Elder, Fors-san... and she, whose true identity is unknown,
“Mysterious Transcendental Beauty Phantom Thief”, Hapti-chan!]

[...Eh? Alice accompanied the First Hero’s party on her journey?]

[Come now, what are you talking about? I don’t have anything to do with the
Mysterious Transcendental Beauty Phantom Thief Hapti-chan\~\~]

No, it’s definitely her... Perhaps, she had disguised herself and infiltrated
their group as a member. It’s certainly not surprising that Alice would be able
to pull off something like that.

[...Hey, Alice.]

[Yes?]

[I’ve always wondered... Even though the Six Kings couldn’t carelessly make
their move at that time, if it’s you... Wouldn’t you be able to deal with the
Demon Lord and lay down the groundwork in the Human Realm?]

[...Well, I won’t deny that I could do that. It would be difficult for me to
establish a treaty of friendship with the three worlds just like Hikari-san did
though... There were plenty of ways for me to deal with the Demon Lord’s army.
As for disguising it as Humanity’s victory, well, it’s also possible.]

[...]

[“Then, why didn’t you do it...?” What I’m about to tell you from here on out,
please don’t tell it to anyone else.]

[Alright.]

From now on, she will start talking about things that I... no, most of the
people in this world don’t know. And Alice is telling me upfront, that what she
was about to say is a secret.

[...At that time, us, the Six Kings, couldn’t... no, didn’t touch the Demon
Lord, and there were two reasons for this. The first one, as Kaito-san knows, is
our lack of connection with the Human Realm.]

[...]

[And the other reason is that... because the top of the Demon Realm, “Kuro-san
was hesitant to do it”.]

[...Kuro was?]

[...The Demon Lord, you see... She’s Kuro-san’s “family”.]

[Wha?!]

The words Alice told me were truly shocking. The Demon Lord is part of Kuro’s
family? Then, does that mean the Demon Lord defied Kuro and challenged her to a
fight? No, somehow, looking at the expression on Alice’s face... I have a
feeling that isn’t the case.

[...To be honest, we completely never expected for that Demon Lord would invade
the Human Realm. She wasn’t the kind of child who would do such a thing. For
us... For the other members of the Six Kings other than Kuro-san, the Demon Lord
was someone like a sister. She had a kind heart and cared for others, and looked
up to Kuro-san as if she were her real mother.]

[...Is... that so.]

[That’s why, I thought there was something very big going on... The members of
the Six Kings also had a disagreement on how to handle that situation.]

[...]

[I won’t say their names, but they said “We could just hit her head and take her
back home.”, “...No... I’m sure... there must be... a reason.”, “However,
wouldn’t it be bad to not do anything after what she has done?”, “Then,
shouldn’t we investigate the cause of why she did this first?”, or something
like that.]

[Somehow, I think I know who was the one speaking which lines.]

[Well, “No, if she’s going to cause chaos in the world, wouldn’t it be better if
we just kill her?”... or so the Phantasmal King, who can’t read the mood, said.
The Phantasmal King is the worst, isn’t she?!]

[You’re the Phantasmal King, idiot!!!]

It should have been a very serious story, but Alice jokingly inserted a
self-deprecating joke in the middle of the story, and while I was astounded, I
waited for her next words.

[...Well, finally, the Hero... Hikari-san appeared, and we settled on a decision
where we will wait and see what would happen.]

[...You mean everyone “other than Alice”, right?]

[Yes, that’s right... I had one of my clones secretly accompany Hikari-san on
her journey. If I had decided that Hikari-san couldn’t deal with the Demon Lord,
I would immediately make my move... Well, in the end, Hikari-san defeated her.]

[...And so, the Demon lord had been...]

[...She’s alive. I’d like it if you don’t ask the details but... She has
repented her sins, and is still atoning for them now.]

[...I see.]

I wasn’t able to say any more words than that. When I heard the story from
Lilia-san, I thought that the Demon Lord was quite a miserable person, and that
it was really great that she was defeated by the Hero but... It doesn’t seem to
be that simple. Especially for Kuro, who is one of the people concerned with
it... I wonder how she feels about that? I don’t know, but I know that this
isn’t a topic that I should just carelessly step into.

As I’ve been thinking about this, Alice smiles at me with a gentle expression on
her face.

[Well, Kaito-san doesn’t have to worry about it. This was something that
happened a thousand years ago, and it’s all over already... Oh, you’re out of
tea. I’ll go brew some.]

[Thanks.]

Certainly, it is as Alice said... This was just something that happened a
thousand years ago, and if the parties involved have already settled it, I don’t
think it’s not something I should be involved in. However... I wonder why?
Somehow—I felt like there’s something tugging within my heart.

---

Staring at the pot of tea, Alice recalled a bit of the past. In the Demon Realm
that had been shaken by the Demon Lord situation, the words she had exchanged
with Kuromueina...

———Please cut it out already, Kuro-san! Indeed, that child may not have killed
anyone. But still, it isn’t just the fault of those idiots who took advantage of
her and took the opportunity to invade! If she couldn’t control their actions,
then it is all her fault!

———That might be so... but...

———I don’t know what her reasons are but... If she went mad like that, it would
be our benevolence to personally deal with her ourselves.

———...Shalltear... but please... Wait a little more.

Seeing Kuromueina... the person she was greatly indebted to, deeply bowing her
head to her, even Alice couldn’t stay ruthless.

———...I know. For now, we’ll see what happens until that Hero confronts her.
Even then, if I decided that there’s nothing that Hero can do about her... I
will kill all of them. That should be fine, right?

———...Unnn. Sorry.

———...I just want to say one thing. Even if she survives... Once she comes to
her senses, the flames of regret would burn her heart... There will never be a
future where that child will receive salvation.

———......

Those were Alice’s true thoughts on this matter. Even if the Demon Lord Vier
survives, she thought it would be impossible for her and her family to return to
how they were like before, and that Vier herself wouldn’t be able to accept that
more than anyone else. Recalling her past conversations, Alice pondered as she
looked at Kaito, before she gently smiled.

(...That child will suffer forever. Then, we should just leave her alone... is
what I thought before.)

However, Alice fortuitously met him. If it’s him who saved her heart and brought
about change after having been suffering for many years... The way she thought
of this situation right now became different.

(...I can’t help but think now that if it’s Kaito-san, he should be able to do
something about it. To that child who is still being burned by her sins... He
will definitely reach out his hand... or something like that. Well, I guess that
is a bit too convenient to expect, isn’t it?)

After gently presenting a cup of tea in front of her lover, Alice turned her
gaze to the window and looked at the distant landscape.

(...I just spun the roulette a while ago. Kaito-san will definitely make his
move now... Most probably because it concerns Kuro-san... Now then, Vier-san? Do
you have the courage... to take Kaito-san’s hand?)

---

After we ate lunch, Alice and I were leisurely sitting side by side.

[...Customers aren’t coming huh.]

[Yeah...]

At the counter of the general store, I’m taking it easy and reading a book while
I look after the store, and well, I had already expected it, but customers
aren’t coming at all. However, even Alice knows that, as she is making some
small accessories while speaking in a lax tone.

[...There’s really no one coming at all huh.]

[...Well, I guess so\~\~]

[Or rather, this store... Does it even have any customers other than me?]

[Hmmm, a customer comes “once a month”.]

[...What’s the point of having a store then?]

Apparently, Alice’s general store is always really deserted. Well, this store is
certainly away from the main street but... is it really that far that customers
aren’t coming at all? Perhaps, this store is being avoided as a dangerous store
where a suspicious costume-wearing person appears...

As I was thinking about this, a product on the side of the counter caught my
eyes.

[...Is this a magic box?]

[Unnn? No, that’s a different item. That’s a “random box”.]

[...Random box?]

In a box placed on the side of the counter, black cubes... that resemble the
magic box I have, which are apparently called random boxes.

[Those random boxes are disposable magic boxes. They’re made of “magic paper”
made from magic crystal powder, which are just shavings from the leftovers while
making magic tools. Things made from magic papers can’t be reused, but they’re
often used by adventurers because they’re cheaper than magic crystals and can be
used imbued with a magic technique for one time use.]

[Hehhh... That means you can only put things inside once...]

[Yes, well, it’s only about the size of a small drawer, but it’s handy to carry
around with you... And, as for those random boxes, as the name suggests, it’s a
product that contains random items... Well, to put it simply, it’s “gacha”!]

[...I see, that certainly is a simple way of describing this.]

[It’s 10R a piece, and it’s hard to tell what’s in it until you open it... but
there’s a chance that it may contain something valuable inside. Incidentally,
they’re made by Seditch Magic Tool Trading Company.]

One roll for 1000 yen huh... In short, if you pay for this random box, you get
the product inside. Perhaps, some of the items inside are worth more than the
price you paid.

[It’s a rather popular item, you know?]

[...Well, since there were no customers coming in, there wouldn’t be any point
in stocking up on popular products...]

[I guess so\~\~]

[...]

[Ohh, Kaito-san? Are you interested in it?]

[U-Unnn. I’d like to try it out... It was 10R, right?]

[If you buy 5, I could sell it to you for 45R, you know?]

I was curious and wanted to try opening them, so I took out my wallet, and
Alice, not wanting to miss out on a business opportunity, offered me a deal if I
bought in bulk.

[Alright then, I’ll buy five.]

[Thank you for your patronage\~\~ Now, please take your pick.]

Paying Alice for them, I then randomly choose 5 random boxes.

[...Arehh? How do I open this?]

[If you pull the string at the bottom, it will unlock and reveal its
contents\~\~]

[Let’s see... Unnn?]

When I pulled the small string attached to the bottom of the box, the random box
glows for a moment, and after it disappears, a card-like object appears in front
of me. It’s about the size of a common trading card, but I don’t know if it was
because it was made of good paper or not, but it looks beautiful.

[Mumuuuu… Could that be...]

[Eh? This somehow looks unusual... wait, isn’t this Kuro?]

When I turned the card over, there was a drawing of Kuro eating a baby castella.
The soft colors of the picture, which seems like it was drawn by a fairly
skilled artist, makes me feel that Kuro’s cuteness is enhanced.

[Ooohhhhh, that’s amazing! As expected of Kaito-san, to draw Kuro-san’s
bromide... That’s absurdly rare, you know?]

[B-Bromide?]

[Yes, although the bromides of the Six Kings and the Supreme Gods are included
as ultra-rare items... Among those who got their bromides made, Kuro-san feels
embarrassed about it... There are only a few of them, which she had only agreed
to at the beginning because they are the products of her own trading company.]

[R-Really?]

[Yes... That’s why they’re only available in early lots, so it’s not normally
available anymore... And you see, my stock has been unsold since the beginning
so...]

There are only a few bromides of Kuro in the world... Unnn, she looks cute. I’ll
be carefully storing this.

[Incidentally, if you put it up for auction, you can get a crazy amount of money
from Underworld King Adoration Association.]

[I-I see... They sound scary, so I’ll be keeping this for myself.]

[That might be a good idea... Well, that aside, please open the next one.]

[Y-Yeah... wait, this one’s huge?!]

Prompted by Alice to open the next random box, what I pulled out now was a
large... model of a dragon, about 50cm long.

[Whoa, another rare one... Isn’t that the model of an ancient dragon that could
only be acquired through the random box?]

[...What do I even do with this...]

[Incidentally, that is something that Duchess Lilia wants.]

[Really?]

[Yes, because they’re no longer in production... she cried because she couldn’t
get it.]

[...Lilia-san.]

Come to think of it, Lilia-san liked dragons... Alright then, I’ll give this to
Lilia-san later. Now then, let’s open the next one...

[... A crown?]

[It’s a toy crown. There are children’s toys like that inside too. That crown is
made like the authentic one, so it would be expensive.]

[I see. Well then, the next one is... E-Errr.]

When I opened the fourth box, I found something that’s kinda familiar... or
rather, this mask looks very similar to the one the woman beside me always
wears.

[Whoa there, you’ve just rolled the jackpot! That’s Phantasmal King-sama’s
handmade mask, it’s extremely rare!!!]

[What the, it’s a miss huh...]

[You just smoothly threw it away?!]

Well, it’s a gacha after all... just as how there are jackpots, there are also
complete miss. The mask I just got, I threw it straight into the trash can and
opened the last random box. Thereupon, a plant in a flower plant appears... I
see, things placed in the magic box don’t deteriorate, so things like these
could also appear...

[Alice, what’s this?]

[That’s a Crystal Herb.]

[Is this rare?]

[It’s pretty rare. It may not have an effect when used on its own, but it has
the effect of enhancing the effects of other herbs, so it fetches quite a high
price.]

A herb huh... I guess this could be considered as a hit too, but I don’t really
know if I’d have any use for this. Ahhh, speaking of which, Dr. Vier raises
herbs, right? If so, I might as well give this to Dr. Vier.

[...Even so, Kaito-san’s luck really is quite frightening. Normally, there is
more like a pen or some other trivial item in the box but... You bought five
boxes and all of them are hits...]

[No, I also pulled out a miss... That strange mask, I meant.]

[Isn’t that cool?! Please put it on and match with me, Kaito-san!]

[Even if it costs me my life, I don’t wanna.]

[Do you really have to refuse that much?!]

Seeing Alice’s shoulders slump down, I can’t help but chuckle. As I’m leisurely
spending my day like this, chatting with Alice about trivial matters... I heard
the sound of bells on the door of the store.

[...Ohhh.]

[...Eh? I never expected that a customer would come... How unusual.]

Both Alice and I didn’t expect that a customer would come, and we both turned to
the door.

[Welco...]

[This place slightly stinks of cheapness, but the atmosphere isn’t that bad.]

[...Immediately leave, go home!]

Alice was about to say a cheerful “Welcome”, but stopped mid-sentence and
immediately told the customer, who had a stiff expression on her face, to leave.
Yes, it was a familiar angel... Eden-san who appeared. At the sight of her,
Alice vigilantly spoke.

[That’s a very quick reappearance, don’t you think? What are you here for now?]

[...]

[...You mentioned that you just wanted to intercat before. What is it now?]

[...]

However, Eden-san just silently looked at us without answering Alice’s question.
Feeling somewhat uncomfortable and nervous, I timidly tried to speak to
Eden-san.

[…Ummm, do you need something from me again?]

[Yes, that’s right, my beloved child. As you had said, Mother just returned once
to readjust her body to see you again.]

[Why do you ignore me and yet, immediately reply to Kaito-san’s question...]

[...]

[...Kaito-san, can I beat this guy up?]

The difference between her response between me and Alice is too obvious, and
seeing out, Alice has a stiff smile on her face.

[Haahhh... Good grief. I am talking to my child right now. I recognize that you
have ability, but I don’t have the time to spare for you who aren’t my child.
Stop with the clamoring and be quiet.]

[I understand.]

[...Alright, you want to fight? Let’s go fight then! I’ll crush you where you
stand!]

[A-Alice. Calm down...]

Alice seemed unusually irritated by Eden-san’s response and really looked like
she was about to hit her.

![Insert 2](../../_Images/v11/Insert2-Semi.png#.insert)

Pacifying Alice down, I decided to ask something that had been bothering me for
some time now.

[Eden-san, can I ask you some questions?]

[Yes, but of course, my beloved child.]

[Errr, in the end, you are... the God who created the world I was in, is that
correct?]

[It was indeed as you say. You were born in the world I made. Thus, you are my
child.]

It really was just as Alice predicted, Eden-san is the God of the world I was
in... It seemed like she was like this world’s Shiro-san.

[I see... So, I’ll ask the same question one more time. In the end, what was the
purpose of your visit?]

[Were you not able to hear what I said earlier? You’re extremely disrespectful.
I will deal with you later, so sit quietly in the corner of the room like an
ornament.]

[...Shwiiiiing. Even if I’m called the Merciful Alice-chan, I still get pissed
off. Or rather, you’re definitely picking a fight with me, aren’t you?!]

I’ve never heard of anyone calling you the Merciful Alice-chan, but since it
really looks like it will develop into a battle like before, I decided to calm
Alice down and just have a conversation with Eden-san myself.

[...So, Eden-san said you were here to meet me, but what could the reason be for
a God to expressly want to see me?]

[That’s because you are the one I’ve been seeking.]

I wonder why? I feel some kind of chill running down my back... In her eyes,
which should have been richly-colored, there appears to be some kind of muddy
black color in it... Eh? Why?

[…And that means?]

[I have been waiting all these times. My child, who is born in the world that I
made, to stand against me. Yes, that’s right... it was you. You have stood
against me before... Possessing very brave and chivalrous eyes... Ahhh, how
terrific. If it’s just beings who would do anything I will, I can create as much
as I want. However, I want to give my affection to those who oppose me. Of
course, it’s not enough for one to merely resist me. Yes, that’s right. You are
my ideal, my supreme. My beloved child whom I have searched for so long...
Aahhh, thank you. For this miracle that I have met you... Please show your face
to me, no, to “Mother” more often. Such powerful and radiant eyes, how
beautiful. Ahh, you don’t have to be afraid. I’ll spoil you prodigally. Let’s
whisper words of love so much that it burns the ground. I love everything about
you. Not a single strand of your hair would be left out of my affection.
Compared to you , everything else seems like a stone on the side of the road.
However, how could my beloved child bear to breathe the air of this world... Ah,
this is no good, this is really no good. Breathing the same air as these
riffraff doesn’t suit you. “Let’s make air” that only exists for you. Yes,
that’s good. Let’s create an air that only you can breathe, an air that exists
only for you. Ahh, how wonderful! The air Mother created exists as an integral
part of the life of my beloved child. What a beautiful law it is... However,
that’s right. Air alone is not enough. The earth that my beloved child steps on,
the sky that my beloved child looks up to, the sounds that my beloved child
hears, I believe everything must be supreme. Then, what is it that is supreme
for my beloved child? Yes, that’s it! It was something created with Mother’s
love. I will have the love that I pour into my child take a definite form. Don’t
worry, my beloved child. Mother has the power to do this. All you have to do is
entrust everything to me, your mother. Ahh, but you must be nervous, aren’t you?
Mother may know everything about my beloved child, but my beloved child may not
know everything about me yet. That is something inevitable for a person who is
not omniscient. Of course, you will want to know everything you need, and Mother
will happily tell you everything you want. Rest assured, my beloved child. I’ve
properly gone back to our world once and memorized “everything about you with my
omniscience”. Yes, I know my beloved child best. I know how much you weighed
when you were born, the moment when you gained a sense of self, what your eyes
reflected for the first time, what food you ate for the first time, how many
times you blinked, how many times you breathed... I know everything. I have also
adjusted “my body” to fit you. I’ve adjusted my body according to your
preference, to what you find most comfortable with, and to be your supreme. I
have “created” all of this from scratch, while trying to keep this appearance of
the me within your mind, of the me in our first encounter. In other words, this
body was created only for my beloved child, a supreme body that exists only for
my beloved child’s sake. Ahh, Mother is happy. I can do many things for my
beloved child. However, even if that’s so, it’s still not enough. Mother wants
to spoil my beloved child to the fullest. Such things aren’t enough to express
my love. Yes, that’s right! It takes time for Mother to convey all of her love
to my beloved child. But in the meantime, can I allow my beloved child to exist
in a space such as this surrounded by inferior beings? The time spent in the
process of conveying my love should also be the ultimate and supreme experience
for my beloved child. Yes, that’s right! The first thing I, his mother, should
do is...]

S-Scarrrryyyyyy?! What the heck is with her, she’s giving me fear more than even
before?! I didn’t even say anything, but she just talked on and on about it...
And somehow, aren’t the highlights in her eyes disappearing?!

[...The God of Kaito-san’s world feels like she has a screw loose, doesn’t she?
The light completely disappeared in her eyes, you know...]

[I didn’t want to know about this. That the truth was that she was like this...]

If it’s possible, I would like to not know that the God of my world was a
yandere and her eyes were locked onto me. I really want to run away right now.
She’s still somehow speaking like a broken radio and there was something dark
behind her eyes... She’s seriously scary. As expected, even Alice was drawn away
from her, as the anger she had was pulled away and a complicated expression
appeared on her face.

[...Ahh, yes, that’s right. I know my child the most. I love my child the most.
Ahh, then, I should rather “make a world” just for you. Yes, that’s better.
Let’s create beings who only affirm to your will. Let’s provide you with all the
items suitable for you. In that world, I’ll love you prodigally. Yes, all for
the sake of my child... Let’s quickly...]

[Hmph?!]

In front of Eden-san, who was saying stuff that was growing even more
frightening, Kuro suddenly appeared... and without saying anything, sent
Eden-san flying. Eden-san was sucked into a black vortex and disappeared but...
I don’t know if I should say that it’s to be expected of her or not, as Eden-san
returned back as if nothing happened.

[...What are you doing? God’s half-body. I was busy thinking about the bright
future with my child. I will not allow you to interfere.]

[That should be my line! You suddenly returned back to your world, and just when
I thought you went back for good, you’re saying stupid stuff here... I told you
that I will eliminate you if you trouble Kaito-kun, didn’t I?!]

[I’m not troubling him though? For my child, receiving my love is his
happiness.]

[...No, you’re mistaken.]

It sounds like I was being arbitrarily incorporated in a frightening happiness,
so I immediately denied it. I was expecting that she would be angry with my
coldhearted denial but... for some reason, Eden-san’s eyes lit up.

[Aahhh, aahhh... You’ve opposed me yet again?! You don’t just nod at my words,
you say no if it does not suit your will... How resolute of my child. Aahhh, as
I thought, you really are the supreme being!]

[...]

Ahh, this god’s no good, she’s out of control... I even feel like whatever I say
would just forcefully increase her Affection Meters. What is it? Was it because
she was invincible?

[What the heck are you even talking about... Anyway, try to scare Kaito-san any
more than this... I’ll beat you up!]

[...If you can even do it, I’d like to see you try.]

[...]

[...]

Even when Kuro was completely angry, Eden-san, who didn’t hesitate to pick a
fight with her, was really amazing... But more than that, the situation looks
bad. I’m getting very anxious about what’s about to happen now.

[...Kaito-san, want to drink some tea?]

[...Please give me a bitter one.]

While watching Kuro and Eden-san scatter sparks all around the place, I drink
the tea Alice brewed for me with an exhausted look on my face... Ah, the steam
is permeating into my eyes... I’m tearing up now.

I think Eden-san is by far the most dangerous among the beings I’ve ever met.
And such a being had her eyes locked on to me. How should I say this—Her love is
too heavy.

---

Thirty minutes have passed since Kuro disappeared into a subspace with Eden-san
in tow, “apparently bringing the fight outside”. Perhaps, an unimaginable battle
is going on in that subspace right now. Well, it was more like a quarrel rather
than a hardcore battle, so it doesn’t seem like they would bet their lives for
victory but...

And now, a fierce battle is also going on at the counter of the general store.

[...Kuhhh... Alright!]

[Guhhh... Well played, Kaito-san... However! You’re naive!]

[W-What did you say...]

Just when I thought I made a comeback from my disadvantageous situation, Alice
looked distressed for a moment, but she immediately attacked back. I’ve been
naive... I knew Alice’s specs are great, but for her to connect it even in that
situation... Damn it, is there something... Are there any reversal moves I can
do? I tried making my move even when I felt impatient, but my lack of calmness
made me unskillfully move, as the cruel truth showed that it started slanting...
and toppled over.

[Alright! I’m the winner!]

[Guhhh... It’s my loss.]

With the tumbling wooden blocks, it decides my defeat. Unnn, many people may
have already played this game, but it’s that game where you pull out wooden
blocks from its stack and put them back on top of the stack. Even though it was
already that slanted, I never expected that it would still be balanced when she
placed it in that area... Alice is strong.

[Fufufu, I’m always losing in games involving luck, and it feels good to win
like this.]

[Somehow, putting aside other people, losing to Alice... feels irritating.]

[Why?!]

As I was picking up the wooden blocks and starting my revenge match... A black
vortex appeared and Kuro and Eden came back.

[...Welcome back, Kuro.]

[I’m back... Haahh… Geez, she’s really strong that it feels nasty... I’m feeling
tired.]

I don’t know if I should say that it’s to be expected from a God who created a
world or not, but Eden-san seems to be quite strong, and Kuro sighs with an
unusually tired expression. As I looked at Kuro, Eden-san approached me and
bowed.

[I’m sorry for what happened just now, “Miyama Kaito”... I was a bit excited.]

[Ah, no...]

The way she has called me changed from “my child” to “Miyama Kaito”, and I don’t
have the same chilling feeling I had earlier. It seems like she has calmed down…
Unnn? What did she say just now? She was a bit excited? That... was just a bit?

[Geez, anyway... Don’t trouble Kaito-kun, nor should you harm any of Kaito-kun’s
friends!]

[Don’t underestimate me, God’s half-body. There’s no way I could make my beloved
child sad. I will not harm Miyama Kaito or his friends.]

[...Oiiii, a gigantic boomerang is about to hit your face, you know? Have you
already forgotten what happened a few days ago\~\~?]

[...]

[T-This...]

She won’t make me sad. As Eden tells us that she won’t harm me or my friends,
Alice, who had a hardcore battle with her a few days ago, threw a tsukkomi
but... Eden-san splendidly ignored her. What a frightening person she is.

[...M-Most of all. You were talking about abducting and confining Kaito-san
earlier...]

[Abducting? Confining? What are you talking about? That was just a “proposal”.
Isn’t it obvious that I would keep Miyama Kaito’s will as my top priority?]

[...That doesn’t sound like that at all though?]

[I don’t need you to understand my intentions.]

[...Kaito-san, I hate her.]

Apparently, for Eden-san, what she said earlier about creating a world and air
just for me was just a suggestion, and she won’t do it unless I agree with
her... Somehow, I felt relieved. For the time being, soothing Alice, whose face
was twitching and looked like she was about to hit her, I looked at Eden-san...
arehh? Did her eyes just “turn gray” just now? Or was that just my imagination?

---

A frustrated Alice, an astounded Kuromueina, and even though confused, Kaito,
who was chiding Alice. The Eden in such a scene looked serious, but her inner
feelings were different.

(...Alice said she hated me... Alicia said she hated me...)

In fact, Kaito wasn’t just seeing things when he felt like the color of Eden’s
eyes changed. For a moment earlier, the color of Eden’s eye really did change.
The reason was simple. The True God operating Eden... Makina was shocked by the
words Alice had just told her, and for a moment, she suddenly lost her
connection to her terminal, Eden.

(What should I do... I never intended for this to happen.)

In the first place, she visited this place at this moment... because she hadn’t
told Alice that she was Makina. However, what she had miscalculated was that,
because of the earlier battle, Alice was more hostile than she had imagined.
Feeling overwhelmed by the harsh words thrown at her right after she came to
visit, she wondered how she could respond so as not to make their relationship
with Alice worse, but she could sense that Alice was ignoring her. She felt
herself in a vicious circle heading for the worst.

(Uuuu, this is troubling. I wonder why things wouldn’t work... No, I understand
that I’m also at fault since my mind had been derailed by my child’s cuteness
but... No, that couldn’t be helped. My child is just so cute, making me wanna
pamper him, making me wanna lick him... no, wait, wouldn’t it be more rude for
me to remain composed when I stand before my beloved child who was just so cute?
Such a thing happening is like one of the inevitabilities in all different
worlds.)

To put it in an extreme tone, it would have been easy for her to get rid of the
misunderstanding if she now explains her circumstances to Alice in her true
personality and tone. However, for a number of reasons, she can’t do such a
thing. First of all, it’s not just Alice who was present in this room, as there
is Kuromueina and Kaito, who she calls her beloved child, and bringing out her
true personality in front of them isn’t something Makina’s majesty as a God can
allow. The other reason was that she herself acknowledges that she had had
half-deceived Shallow Vernal to help Alice. If Shallow Vernal were to discern
that she had done such a thing... Shallow Vernal would acquire a weakness that
she could take advantage of in their negotiations hereafter.

In that case, it’s necessary to prevent Shallow Vernal from realizing the
connection between herself and Alice, but that in itself is also quite
difficult. Putting aside if she were alone with Alice, Shallow Vernal would
definitely know anything happening here from the God Realm with Kaito in this
place. With the power the Omniscient and Omnipotent Makina has, it’s possible
for her to block Shallow Vernal from seeing her do such a thing, but doing such
a thing is equivalent to declaring she will do something worth feeling guilty
of.

Therefore, for Makina, it’s ideal if she were alone with Alice, somewhere that
isn’t near Kaito, or perhaps have Alice herself realize this herself. However,
in the current situation where she was quite hostile about her, the extremely
vigilant Alice will never be alone with her. In that case, she needs to keep her
identity as Eden and at least improve her relationship with Alice.

Well, even if Makina thinks that way... but the result ended up like this.

[...Ooookay\~\~ Bring it on! Let’s pick up where we left off...]

Looking at Eden who was finding it difficult to find the words to say, Alice
probably judged it as Eden ignoring her again, as a vein popped out of her
forehead and declared such a thing.

(Auuu... This is troubling. What in the world should I do... If it’s possible, I
don’t want to use cheaty means like omniscience against Alice, but should I just
use it here?)

Worst case possible, Makina thought about using her omniscience to find out how
she should act, but support came from somewhere she didn’t expect.

[A-Alice, calm down. Eden-san too, please don’t provoke Alice.]

[Understood.]

She immediately responded to Kaito’s words. A second battle was about to break
out between them, which she herself didn’t want, but with a few words from
Kaito, she could lay down her arms without damaging her majesty as a God.

[...Hmmm. I guess it should be fine to just leave it to Kaito-kun? It seems like
she listens to what Kaito-kun says... I came here while I’m in the middle of
preparations for the Six Kings Festival... so I guess it should be fine for me
to go back now, right?]

[Eh? Ahh, alright. Thank you, Kuro.]

[No. “I’m listening to the conversation”... So, if something happens again, I’ll
come back, okay\~\~?!]

[Hey, just now, I feel like I heard something I couldn’t ignore...]

[Bye bye\~\~]

[Hey, Kuro?!]

With Kaito mediating between them and Eden obediently following her, Kuromueina
seemed to be a little relieved as she left the area. After seeing her off, Kaito
turned towards Eden and Alice, and called out to them somewhat timidly.

[...Eden-san, if it’s possible, I would like to ask you to get along with
Alice... was that no good?]

(My chiiiiiiiild! Thank you! You’re amazing, that was the best assist!!! If my
beloved child suggests such a thing, even I wouldn’t feel uncomfortable
following your suggestion! My child really is Mother’s ally!)

Yes, the fact that Eden treats Kaito, the person she calls her child, in a
special way, especially in the conversation they’ve had so far should be well
understood by Alice. In that case, it would be natural for her to listen to
Kaito’s wish of improving her relationship with Alice.

[I apologize for my rudeness the other day. Once again, I would like to
introduce myself. My name is Eden. It’s a pleasure to meet you, Alice.]

[...What’s with that fast turnaround... However, saying that after all that
happened is... Unnn?]

Seeing Eden’s abrupt change in attitude, Alice dubiously looked at her, but the
later development is something Eden... Makina had anticipated. In the first
place, what she had been struggling with was just finding a reason for her God
from Another World self to get along with Alice, and once she found a reason,
Kaito’s wish, she wouldn’t have any problem. After all, she was originally
Alice... Alicia’s best friend.

[This is a symbol of our friendship.]

Saying this, Eden took out a huge jute bag and placed it on the counter. The
contents were of course, money of this world created with the permission of the
God of this world, Shallow Vernal... a large amount of white gold coins. Upon
receiving it, Alice looked into the jute bag, and after looking surprised for a
moment, a big smile appeared on her face.

[You can ask me anything you don’t understand about this world. I’ll help you as
much as I can!]

[Thank you.]

[...]

Kaito, who was watching such a scene with an indescribably complicated
expression on his face.

---

Unnn, well, how should I say this... Alice was quickly bought over?! What the
heck is with that skit... Who the heck is the one with fast turnaround now?!
There must have been a lot of money in that bag. Alice has become so friendly
that she’s forgotten all about what happened before... Eden-san, what a
frightening person you are. For her to see through Alice’s weakness in an
instant...

[Ahh, that’s right... My beloved child, this is for you...]

[...Eh?]

As I was stunned by the strange scene unfolding in front of me, Eden-san turned
to me with a smile, took a feather from her pure white wings and handed it to
me. Arehh? What is this, I’m feeling chilly again...

[T-This is?]

[It’s a “part of me”.]

Can you stop with that scary way of speaking?! There’s probably another way of
saying it, right?!

[My beloved child. I will always be your ally. As proof of it... Ahh, could it
be that this isn’t enough? I understand. If it were possible, I would give you a
taste of my everything, right here and now. However, my child also wouldn’t want
me to suddenly interrupt again, right? It’s alright, rest assured. I will
properly “come to see you again”... Mother will always be watching. I will
affirm all of your choices. Yes, that’s right. My child could have all the
freedom you want, that’s right. Of course, I will pour my never-ending love to
you. Yes, that’s right! My child shouldn’t be bound to anything... The gravity,
the sun, everything, everything should move in accordance with my child’s
will... That’s right, that is...]

[Eden-san! Stop, stoooooopppp!!!]

[...Please excuse me. I’m a bit excited again. It’s alright now, Miyama Kaito.]

Unnn, I think I’m starting to get it a little bit. When Eden-san calls me
“Miyama Kaito”, her switch is OFF... But when she starts calling me “my child”,
that’s the sign of danger. I’ll definitely remember it. Regaining her composure
again, Eden-san brings her mouth next to my ear... And after quietly whispering
the effect of the feather, she turned on her heel... but as she was about to
leave, she stopped on the way.

[...I almost forgot. My child is especially tending to the store now. I can’t
just leave like this... Alice, please choose items suitable at your discretion.
I will buy everything.]

[Whut?! Please leave it to me!!!]

[...]

When Eden-san told her that, Alice disappeared in an instant and came back with
a mountain of merchandise. Then, without checking it, Eden-san takes out a cloth
bag, which is twice as big as the one before, and hands it to Alice.

[You can keep the change.]

[...Are you God...?]

[Yes, I am. Well then, I will continue my sightseeing in this world... Till we
meet again, Miyama Kaito.]

[Ah, yes. Good bye.]

[Thank you very much! We look forward to seeing you again!!!]

[...Alice.]

Alice’s happiness, which can be clearly seen even with her mask, cheerfully bid
the departing Eden-san goodbye with a bow. This woman, she really has an easy to
understand personality... Compared to that, Eden-san... No, her love for me came
across as frightening but... She’s quite an unusual person.

If Shiro-san had a really impartial doctrine, Eden-san would be someone with a
really partial doctrine huh...

Somehow, I’m beginning to think that all the Gods who created their own world
are the ones who express their affection in strange ways for the world they
created. However, to be honest, this feather... Would there even be a time where
I would use this? From what I heard earlier... using this obviously feels
dangerous instead.

After Eden-san left, Alice and I spent our time together only with each other
again, leisurely looking after the store.

[Fuhehe... One white gold coin, two white gold coins... so many... Fuhe——
Fugyaaahhh?!]

[You really are...]

[Isn’t it fine? It’s been a while since I sold a lot. With this much money... I
could “lose” about 200 times—Fugyaaahhhh?!]

[Why the heck are you trying to lose on purpose...]

I knocked Alice on her head, as she counted the large number white gold coins
she received from Eden-san with an ugly grin on her face. Even though you don’t
have to lose on purpose anymore, why the heck are you calculating on the
instance that you would lose purposely... How should I say this... Alice really
is Alice huh.

[...Ahh, speaking of which, I almost forgot. I had something to give Kaito-san.]

[Something to give me?]

[Yes... Errr, I think it’s around here somewhere... Ahh, found it!]

[...What’s with this money?]

Saying that she has something to give me, she hands me a cloth bag full of gold
coins. However, I don’t know why she’s handing me this... Or rather, I can’t get
my head around in this unusual situation where Alice is giving me money. Seeing
my expression, Alice explained with a smile.

[You see, I got the idea for the futon that I made before from Kaito-san...
Those futons were selling like crazy. No, well, this shop isn’t getting any
customers as usual... but I heard that Kuro-san’s shop sells so much that they
can’t keep up with the production. So, that’s 20% of the profit.]

[Fumu... Hmmm. I don’t really know what I would do with them even if I get more
money...]

[Kaito-san should learn how to be extravagant too\~\~ Like you know, buying
Alice-chan a meal, buying Alice-chan clothes, or buying Alice-chan some
accessories... Something like that.]

[All rejected.]

[Can’t you at least think about it for a little bit?!]

I threw a tsukkomi at Alice who was joking around again. Somehow, even though
this is just our usual exchange, it was strangely fun. It seems like Alice was
feeling like that too, as Alice and I looked at each other and laughed.

[Ahaha, ahh\~\~ As I thought, it’s this feeling. However, I feel like it’s been
a rather long time.]

[That’s because just because Alice turned a bit strange.]

[Ahh\~\~ I’m sorry about that. But you see, I’m also growing up to become the
new Alice-chan, you know?]

[Fumu, and what exactly changed?]

[I didn’t hit that stupid God.]

[...H-Hmmm.]

That’s quite the subtle growth you have there. Or rather, if you hadn’t become
the new Alice-chan, you would have hit her huh...

As I looked at her with a doubtful expression on my face, Alice chuckled again
and lightly snapped her finger. Thereupon, I heard the sound of the door of the
general store being locked. And then, I don’t know if it’s the sign that changed
from “Open” to “Closed”, but I heard the sound of something hitting the door.
After that, Alice takes off her mask to reveal her face, and as her cheeks
blushed red from embarrassment, she spoke.

[...Well, all jokes aside... If it had been the me from before, I would have
been more acrimonious with that God. Thinking that I need to protect
Kaito-san... But thinking about it like this, I could clearly see it. That I had
lost my presence of mind back then.]

[...And now, it’s different, right?]

[...Yes. The thought of protecting Kaito-san hasn’t changed but... even though
it’s just a bit, something has changed.]

As she said this, Alice gently laid her hands on mine. Holding each other’s
hands with our fingers interlocked, she continued.

[...Now, I stopped pushing myself. What I want to do is “to protect this
happiness I have together with Kaito-san”... That means I also have to make sure
that I myself am safe.]

[...Unnn. That’s right...]

[Well, but as Kaito-san knows... I’m an idiot, so I’ll be needing Kaito-san to
save me a lot of times too.]

[Yeah, me too... I don’t think it’s impossible for me when it comes to
situations that need strength, but I want to be able to support Alice’s heart. I
want to protect the feeling of happiness Alice has for being together with me.]

Hearing Alice’s determination, I tell her my thoughts, tightly squeezing back
her hand. Thereupon, without saying a word, Alice slowly leans against me. The
gentle warmth I feel from my hands and shoulder, and without saying a word, I
also lose myself in the happiness that seems to spread from the depths of my
heart. Our first meeting was a coincidence for me, and something contrived by
Alice. The impact I felt when I first saw her, wearing that stuffed cat costume,
in the miscellaneous goods store is still very clear in my memory. Looking back
on it now, it may have been partly because she wanted to leave an impression on
me.

In fact, I continued to visit Alice’s general store afterwards and developed a
friend-like relationship with her. I was repeatedly taken aback by her idiotic
behavior, and I even lectured her for not planning ahead. But when I think about
it, Alice is the second person, after Kuro, that I’ve talked to in a natural way
without any pretense since I came to this world. Was that the reason why? As for
Alice, she was planning to sever our connection when she abducted... and
betrayed me, rather than resent her, I was more inclined to forgive her.
Perhaps, at that time... Alice has already become very important to me.

Even after I found out that Alice was the Phantasmal King, my attitude towards
her didn’t change... No, I never planned to change my attitude. To me, Alice is
more than just one of the Six Kings... As expected, my impression of her being
my important friend was stronger...

At least, not at that time, I didn’t expect that I would become lovers with
Alice. I thought our relationship where we make silly snide remarks and chuckle
together would last forever... No, I may have just been convincing myself that
it is the case. I’ve been aware of Alice as a woman for some time now, and not
once or twice have I thought that her casual gestures were cute. The reason I
pretended not to notice it was that with the change of our relationship to one
of lovers... It was because I was subconsciously thinking, and perhaps, Alice as
well, that the easy going relationship we had before was going to change.
However, in the end, it turned out to be just needless fear and the relationship
we had changed for the better. Even now, we are still carefreely talking and
laughing with each other... and with the addition of love in our relationship,
everything we do with each other brings us happiness. I’m sure it will continue
to be like this in the future.

My easy going friend, my beloved lover... She’s protecting me, while I protect
her, the both of us walk side by side. Needless to say, that’s happiness...
That’s why I’m also going to do my best to protect Alice’s heart. I wish for
this relationship filled with happiness... to last forever...

[...Kaito-san.]

[Unnn?]

[I just want to call your name.]

[...What the heck?]

[Fufufu.]

[Hahaha.]

[...Kaito-san.]

[...Unnn?]

[...Please stay with me forever. Please don’t leave me alone.]

[It’s alright. I won’t let you be alone. I promise you that.]

[Yes.]

[...]

[...]

[...Kaito-san.]

[What is it now?]

[...I love you.]

[...I love you too.]

[^sugoroku]:
    Sugoroku is something like Snakes-and-Ladder, just with no snakes and
    ladders.
