---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 4: Ristia Asmodeus

In her office in Archlesia’s Imperial Castle, Emperor Chris was reading a letter
she had recently received from Kaito with whom she often exchanges letters with.
The main content of his letter was his visit to the flower garden recommended by
Chris and his appreciation for it. As she finishes reading, a small smile
appears on Chris’ lips.

(I’m glad to know that he seemed to have enjoyed it. He seems to still be averse
of me, but I can see that the situation is improving a lot.)

It’s extremely advantageous for her to keep a friendly connection with Kaito. In
this case too, if Kaito talks about the flower garden, his lovers Kuromueina and
Isis might be interested in visiting. If Isis visits, it’s necessary for them to
take countermeasures in advance, but Chris would still welcome her visit because
the place would increase in value since one of the Six Kings has visited this
establishment. Even if we put her calculating side away and consider Chris’
thoughts as an individual, it is not difficult for her to be close to Kaito who
she has a good impression of in terms of personality.

No, rather, it could be said that his presence is somewhat healing in the midst
of her usually hectic official duties. With this in mind, Chris took some sheets
of paper out of her desk drawer.

(Now then, if I don’t decide on this soon, it won’t be able to make it in time
for the Six Kings Festival.)

On the papers she had taken out are drawings of various dress designs.She
decided to dress more feminine than usual for the Six Kings Festival to appeal
to Kaito, so she ordered these from several popular trading companies. Flipping
through the papers, with her hand on her chin, Chris pondered.

(...All of them have great designs. Some of the designs were apparently the
latest fads in Hydra Kingdom, while others dared to express the beauty of the
past... However...)

The forefront in terms of fashion is the Hydra Kingdom, which is known as the
“Hydra of Clothing”. Naturally, their fashionable dresses are wonderful, and the
other designs, as she had ordered, are also very feminine.

...Yes, she could tell that they were great designs. However, what Chris wasn’t
sure about is whether “they would suit her or not”. After all, she basically
does not wear dresses. As the Emperor, she had seen the dresses of other nobles
at evening parties, and she herself has a good grasp of trends, so she knows
what is good and what is bad. However, she doesn’t know what kind of design she
would wear ... and has not yet completed her order. And so, Chris was worried
that if she didn’t decide soon, the clothing she ordered wouldn’t be able to
make it in time. Just like that, Chris thought of it for a while, but then she
shook her head a bit, got up from her chair with a resigned look on her face,
and muttered to herself.

[...This won’t do. I’m completely clueless... I guess I would need to rely on
“her” here.]

---

Leaving her office, Chris visited the inner palace ... where the wives of the
deceased former emperor, in other words, Chris’ father’s wife... legal wife and
concubines, lived. Normally, when an Emperor is replaced, the inner palace is
vacated for the current Emperor to use, but Chris herself had no intention of
using the palace, and since the previous Emperor was sloppy with women and had a
considerable number of concubines and mistresses, it was a hassle to move all of
them out, and most of all... “They themselves were adamant about not leaving the
inner palace, so they left it as it was.

As soon as she entered, a woman happened to walk by, and upon spotting Chris,
she deeply bowed.

[If it isn’t the Emperor.]

[...Is “Mother” there?]

[Yes. “Risty-sama” is in her usual room.]

[Thank you.]

After lightly confirming this, Chris started walking toward the innermost room
of the inner palace. It’s the largest and most luxurious room in the palace, and
is the place where the highest-ranking woman in the inner palace, the former
queen, would normally reside. However, Chris’s mother is not the former queen,
but rather a concubine. In that case, why is it that Chris’s mother, who is
supposed to be a concubine, is living in the largest room of the inner palace?

The reason for this is simple: ... Chris’s mother is the real ruler of the inner
palace.

Reaching the room she was looking for, she knocked lightly and waited for a
response before entering, and the person she had been searching immediately
entered her sight. It was a woman who had beautiful, long, shimmering blonde
hair, emerald green eyes like Chris’, excellent proportions, and clear,
beautiful skin. Wearing a suggestive dress with a slit on the side, the woman is
so beautiful that let alone the opposite gender, even the same gender couldn’t
help but be charmed by her. Just her appearance as she sat on the sofa looked
like art, the words “peerless beauty” seemed to be befitting of her.

[Chris-chan? For you to visit me at this hour, isn’t that unusual?]

Upon seeing Chris, the woman... Chris’s mother, Risty... “Ristia Asmodeus”
tilted her head. Seeing such a Ristia, Chris frowned for a moment before she
spoke.

[Sorry to bother you, Mother... but first... what is that smell?]

[Ahh, they told me they had created new perfume scents, so I was trying them
out.]

After wryly smiling at Chris, who looked disgusted at the smell of perfume
filling the room, Ristia snapped her fingers and the smell in the room cleanly
disappeared. Just like that, Ristia moved her gaze toward the woman in a
gorgeous dress who was waiting nearby and announced in a beautiful voice.

[Thanks. You can clean up now. Also, you can go back.]

[Yes! I’m honored to be of service!]

The woman who was called out by Ristia nodded with a happy expression on her
cheeks, quickly put away the perfume on the table, and bowed deeply before
leaving the room. After watching her leave with a complicated expression on her
face, Chris lets out a sigh as she takes a seat across from Ristia.

[...Haahhh, what are you making the “former queen” do...]

[Unnn? I’m not giving her any order or anything like that. She’s just a willing
servant.]

[...You didn’t touch her, did you?]

[I’m not into homosexuality.]

Hearing Ristia’s uninterested response, Chris let out a loud sigh again. Yes,
the reason why the former emperor’s wife and concubines did not want to leave
the palace was, in fact, her mother in front of her. Simply put, all the women
living in the inner palace are deeply in love with Ristia and are adamant about
moving elsewhere because they don’t want to leave her side. And they are also
voluntarily acting like servants for Ristia. Let alone the opposite gender,
Ristia easily attracts even the same gender.

The strongest and most wicked succubus... Chris’ mother, Ristia Asmodeus.

She is a beauty who could easily move a country if she wanted to. Fortunately,
however, Ristia isn’t interested in politics and she also isn’t a spendthrift.
Her basic standard of behavior is whether or not she finds something enjoyable.
Chris used to have a conflict with her capricious and selfish mother, but that
is now in the past, and they now have a reasonably good relationship as mother
and daughter.

[So, why did you come visit me today?]

[Yes, actually, I was wondering if Mother could give me a little advice... Could
you take a look at these?]

[Unnn? Heehhh... These designs... a lot of them are quite trendy. So, what about
them?]

For Chris, Ristia was very reliable in the art of accentuating her feminine
charms, such as makeup and fashion. In fact, in the past, she had given her
advice on cosmetics and hair care.

[Actually, I’m hoping to show off my femininity to Miyama-sama at the upcoming
Six Kings Festival... So, which dress do you think would look best on me?]

[Eh? “None of them suit you at all”.]

[...Eh?]

[Ahh, wait, that’s not it! I didn’t mean to speak ill about you, okay?! It’s
just that these dress designs don’t suit Chris-chan!]

When Chris looked puzzled for a moment at Ristia, who readily told her that the
dresses in the design drawings did not suit her, Ristia hurriedly began to
explain herself. It was because she misunderstood that she had hurt Chris’
feelings when she saw her confused... Even though she is clumsy in expressing
her affection, she loves her dearly. Even now, she’s secretly very happy that
Chris is relying on her, and is trying very hard to avoid making her sad.

[...Erhem. Just to make sure I understand, the reason you wanted to wear this
was to show it to that otherworlder child with whom you are exchanging letters,
right?]

[Yes, that’s right.]

[I see, so it’s still early. All of these designs certainly are cute, but they
are too different from the image Chris-chan usually has. Gaps certainly can be
attractive, but it’s better to wait until you two get to know each other better.
You’ve only met this otherworlder child two or three times so far, right?]

[Y-Yes.]

Hearing Chris talk about him and “from information from other sources”, Ristia
also knows a good deal about Kaito. And to date, Chris has only met with Kaito
in person a few times...

[Listen closely, okay? Makeup and dresses are like weapons and armor for women.
For example, even if you give a knight who is good with a bow a legendary sword,
such a thing won’t be of any use for them, and if you put heavy equipment on a
child whose strength lies in her nimbleness, you would just destroy their
advantage.]

[Y-Yes, indeed...]

[The important thing is to match things with your own features... For
Chris-chan, If you’re going to wear a dress, you should go for a more subdued
and chic design. The colors should be darker shades... Don’t use too many
accessories... supplement it with gorgeous embroidery...]

While explaining to Chris, Ristia took a pen and paper out of nowhere and
started to draw something, mumbling and muttering.

[...Unnn, I think a dress like this would be nice?]

[This is... I see, it’s a great design.]

The design of the dress that Ristia drew on paper was subdued and simple, yet
one could feel its splendor and gracefulness, and it suited Chris’ taste
perfectly.

[As for the makeup, you should keep it light, and if you want to look a little
different than usual, I think applying a slightly vibrant lipstick would be
nice. Also... it’s important, but you’re having one big misunderstanding,
Chris-chan.]

[Misunderstanding?]

[Yes, this is really important. Okay, remember this...]

As she said this, Ristia lightly moved her hand and quickly pointed downward.
Drawn by her movements, Chris lowered her gaze. Thereupon, she saw Ristia
recrossing her legs, slightly moving her hips, her breasts swaying, and her
fingers lightly tracing her lips. When Chris’ gaze rose as if drawn by her
movements, Ristia paused for a moment and quickly turned a sidelong glance
toward Chris. That was really all she just did, but Ristia’s gesture was so
beautiful that even Chris, who is both of the same gender and her daughter,
couldn’t help but gulp.

[...Makeup and dresses are just support equipment. Femininity and female
attractiveness can be shown off in any number of ways, depending on how you
present yourself.]

[I-I see... What was that?]

[It’s a simple technique of guiding a person’s gaze. It’s easy to move a
person’s awareness with movements. It’s not that difficult, but it’s useful if
you learn it, so I’ll teach you about it next time.]

After looking at Ristia with a look of admiration, Chris wryly smiles.

[...I see, I really can’t compete with Mother with matters like this.]

[Well, I’m a Lustful Demon after all, so this is kind of my specialty.]

She seemed to answer in a matter-of-fact manner, but a small smile appeared on
Ristia’s lips, as if she was happy to see her beloved daughter’s admiring gaze.
Right at that moment, Chris lowered her voice a little and spoke.

[By the way, Mother,... one merchant who was quite notorious recently was
arrested after all his misdeeds were exposed in the light of day.]

[Ara, is that so? People really shouldn’t do bad things.]

[...Did you have fun?]

[Of course! That was the best! Especially the look of despair on his face when
he realized that he was already trapped because I had so carefully closed his
escape route...Hahh?!]

[...It really was you huh...]

Chris’s eyes quietly stare at Ristia, who is sweating profusely. Yes, Ristia
loves to play with men, just like the succubus she is, and when she gets tired
of playing with them, she has a bad hobby of “thoroughly driving them to their
limit and ruining them”.

[Ahh, b-but you see, I properly held back, okay? I didn’t “break him” this time.
...”

[Haahhhh... Well, for you, playing with men is like an instinct, and it seems
like you’ve narrowed it down to the very worst of them and really were holding
back, so I’m not going to tell you to completely stop doing it...]

In fact, compared to a decade ago, Ristia’s habit of playing with men had become
better. In the past, she used to thoroughly play with them... “until they
broke”. However, this bad habit of hers made Chris dislike her, and after their
relationship improved, she has considerably curbed her habit of playing with men
in her own way.

Well, it was indeed as Chris had said, as a succubus, playing with men is like
an instinct for Ristia, so she hasn’t been able to completely stop doing it, but
still, Chris could feel Ristia’s efforts.

[However, I’d like it if you could have told us before doing that. We had
prepared a lot of things to arrest that merchant, but it was all for nothing...]

[...Yes.]

Seeing Ristia looking despondent, feeling that she’s a troubling mother, Chris
wryly smiled. At that moment, she remembered the time she used to hate her, her
mother, with all her heart...

---

The current Emperor of the Archlesia Empire, Chris Dia Archlesia.

Her path to this day has not been an easy one. One day, the former Emperor of
Archlesia suddenly welcomed a succubus as his concubine. She has an overly
beautiful appearance, her gestures show her knowledge of men’s hearts, and a
cunning mind. The succubus, who possessed all of these extremely high qualities,
stole the hearts of the men in the Imperial Palace in the blink of an eye, and
her influence quickly grew. The succubus who suddenly appeared and even became
the central figure of the country... was Chris’ mother.

Chris, who had been intelligent at a young age... hated her mother, this
succubus. She had left taking caring of Chris to the servants, never came to see
her, and only played around with men... seeing how she captivated not only men,
but even women, but never returning any of their affection, treating them like
slaves, she feel repulsed of her mother. Fortunately, the succubus was not a
spendthrift and wasn’t interested in the politics of the country, so she didn’t
bring ruin to the Archlesia Empire, but the way she lived her life according to
her desires made Chris feel disgusted of her.

However, thinking about it again... the root of that feeling might have been
loneliness. She really wanted her mother to come and see her. She wanted her
love... However, she never even came to see her. In order to cover up her
loneliness, Chris began to hate her mother. She hated her mother, “so it’s no
wonder they don’t see each other”… is what she convinced herself to think of.
Yes, to put it in another way, Chris didn’t know how to act spoiled around her
mother. She was too clumsy when dealing with her own mother.

[...You are the most repulsive being in the world. To have half the blood of a
being like you in my veins is a stain on me that will never be erased for the
rest of my life.]

[...]

Perhaps, that was the reason why... when she was 16 years old, old enough to be
called an adult, she said this to her mother that she hadn’t seen in a while.
She thought that her mother, who was not even interested in her, would just
emotionlessly dismiss her words. However, the words that she had spoken with the
intention of breaking off their connection brought her distress instead.

[...I guess you’re right. I guess it really is as you say.]

[Eh?!]

Chris’ mother affirmed her words with a face that looked like she was about to
burst into tears. Because of this, Chris was greatly shaken. It wasn’t because
of the expression on her mother’s face. It was because “she regretted hurting
her mother’s feelings”...

She hated her mother. She should have... hated... her mother. But no matter how
many days passed since then, she couldn’t get her face out of her mind. Unable
to understand her own emotions, Chris, who continued to suffer, began to travel
around the world in the name of expanding her knowledge, as if to escape from
her mother. And along her journey, she met the Underworld King Kuromueina and
spent several years in her home... before Chris finally accepted that she didn’t
hate her mother that much. Having settled her feelings, Chris returned to the
Archlesia Empire after expressing her deepest gratitude to Kuromueina and her
family. Then, for the first time in years... no, for the first time since she
was born, she faced her mother head-on and exchanged words with her.

[I have something to ask of you.]

[...What?]

[What am I to you? Am I just a hindrance who was unexpectedly conceived? Or
perhaps, am I just some trash not even worthy of interest? I want to hear what
you really think.]

[...id... that...]

[Eh?]

[When did! I ever say that!!?! Hindrance or trash, I never said a single thing
like that!!!]

[...T-Then, why! didn’t you come to see me?! You also always ignored me when I
spoke to you! I just don’t understand... what am I to you?!]

That was the first fight between the mother and daughter. Regardless of whether
it’s good or bad, these clumsy mother and daughter... had an honest discussion
for the first time.

[I don’t know! What I should do... How to love someone... is something I don’t
know...]

[Mot... her...]

[It was a whim that I gave birth to you. Other than children being born if a
woman gets pregnant, I don’t know what a child is supposed to be like... But
when I saw you when you were born... so pure, so white... so unbearably cute...
I got scared...]

[Scared?]

[...Just as you said, I’m a succubus who preys on others. A horrible being who
has been living only for my own desires. If a person like me... touches you with
my dirty hands... I thought that I would sully the pure white you... so I didn’t
know how to treat you.]

Yes, for Chris’ mother... the strongest succubus Ristia, love is something that
is offered to her, not something that she gives to someone else. She had never
given her love to anyone else. That’s why, she didn’t know how to express her
love... even to her impossibly cute daughter, Chris.

[Mother, please tell me the truth. Why did you leave my care to the servants?]

[...Because rather than me who have never raised a child in my life... it would
be better... if you were raised by someone with proper experience in doing it.]

[Why didn’t you ever come to see me?]

[...I did... every day... I went to check on you every single day... However, I
didn’t come to see you. I didn’t know... what I’m supposed to do when I see
you.]

[Why didn’t you answer me when I spoke to you?]

[...I was scared... I thought you hated me... I didn’t know... what face I
should have when I talk to you.]

[Do you... love me?]

[...I love you. I love you so much... that I don’t even know what to do with
myself.]

After hearing her clumsy mother’s true feelings, the dark fog that had been
building up in Chris’ mind for years finally disappeared. The clumsy mother and
daughter, who had been at odds with each other for so long, were finally
starting to set things right between them. Of course, their relationship that
had been so different for so many years would not be repaired immediately. But
little by little, they were steadily trying to get closer to each other.

---

Remembering the past, Chris looks at her mother, Ristia. Yes, unlike in the
past... Chris doesn’t hate her mother now. Ristia’s expressions of affection are
clumsy, and her way of showing her compassion is hard to understand. However,
she could clearly tell that she loves her...

As Chris begins to make moves to take the Imperial throne, worried about the
slow decline of the empire... Ristia sneakily made her own moves, helping Chris
from the shadow. After they reconciled, Ristia refrained from flamboyantly
playing around with men and instead, began to give Chris guidance on diplomacy
and taking care of her personal appearance. And even now, despite her sudden
visit, she accepted her consultation without complaint.

[...Speaking of which, I don’t think I’ve heard news about him, but what
happened to the former Emperor?]

[ I didn’t do anything to him. To be honest, I wanted to have a child, so I just
chose someone by their face, and he himself isn’t to my liking, so I wasn’t
interested in him.]

The former Emperor had died in a carriage accident, and there was nothing
unnatural about it. Chris thought that if Ristia wanted to, she could get rid of
a person and make their death look like an accident. At the same time, however,
she is convinced that Ristia’s words aren’t false. If Ristia had murdered the
former emperor, the former Emperor would have met a more tragic end...

[... By the way, Mother, may I take this opportunity to ask your advice on
another matter?]

[Unnn? What now?]

[Yes, I’ve been exchanging letters to Miyama-sama, and I had intended to make my
approach to him, but he hasn’t responded well... so I’m wondering what I should
do.]

[Approach? Chris-chan, by yourself? ...Do you have a copy of your letter? I’d
like to take a look at it.]

[I still have the drafts left, so I’ll go get them.]

Ristia looked doubtful when she heard the new topic Chris wanted to consult with
her. After all, from her point of view, Chris got the image of someone estranged
with matters of love that she even wondered if she really had the blood of a
succubus, so she couldn’t believe it when she heard her say that she was trying
to make an approach. As she watched Chris leave the room to get a draft of the
letter, Ristia suddenly remembered the conversation she had just had with her
daughter.

(Come to think of it, that matter with the former Emperor... I may not have done
anything to him, but what about the “others”? As for the possibility that Moloch
or her subordinates took care of him... doesn’t seem likely. He was a prudent
person, and would not have been able to do anything so drastic that
“Shalltear-sama” would have deemed it necessary to dispose of him.)

Chris’ mother, Ristia Asmodeus ... actually has another face hidden to others.
She is one of Phantasmal King’s Executive Subordinates, the Ten Demons... given
the code name “Lilim”, reigns at the top of all Lustful Demons, and is a Peak
Count-rank Demon, known as the “Sneering Nightmare”.

She thought for a moment that her colleagues and superior might have been
involved in the former Emperor’s accidental death, but she quickly regained her
composure and concluded that if he had been someone Shalltear would have deemed
him someone that should be disposed of, he would have been more notorious... and
to her liking, but she quickly regained her thoughts and just waited for her
beloved daughter’s return. Seemingly having dutifully brought the drafts of all
the letters she had written so far, she giggled as she saw Chris return a short
while later with a considerable number of sheets of paper.

Thereupon, picking up one of the sheets of paper, she looked it over... and
astoundedly put her hand on her forehead.

[...Mother?]

[...Chris-chan, did you seriously send this, not just as a gag or something?]

[Y-Yes...]

[I see... I never thought my daughter would be this bad...]

As if to look up to the heavens, Ristia looked at the ceiling for a moment,
before returning her gaze to Chris and explained.

[Let me put things simply. It’s just my guess... but this approach of yours?
He’s probably skipping over it.]

[...Eh?]

Hearing the words that Ristia told her, Chris looked unusually astonished. Yes,
just as Kaito had expected, the shameless words of love Chris wrote at the
beginning of each of her letters were seriously written, with no intentions of
teasing Kaito.

[It’s just a guess, but you probably used a book or a play as a reference,
right? Rather, doesn’t it feel almost like you appropriated their lines?]

[Y-Yes... that’s right.]

[I’m not saying this was the case for all of the words of love in those plays
and stories, but they’re exaggerated to make it more exciting. Above all,
there’s so much difference in warmth between the lines you used that this
approach feels more like a joke. I don’t know how to describe it in other ways,
you see, this isn’t like Chris-chan, feeling more like you forced these lines in
your letters.]

[...I see.]

While explaining, Ristia also looked at the letter Kaito sent to Chris and
slightly tilted her head.

[...I mean, this guy sure did well not throwing a tsukkomi back at you in his
letters. Him teasing you about this is well within my expectations... Well,
looking at his letters, he seems to be a good-natured person at heart, so I
guess he didn’t dare to mention it.”

After telling her that much, Ristia put the letter on the table and looked as if
she was thinking about something.

(... Illness is, I believe, should be Pandemonium’s real name, right? She went
with the otherworlder to that flower garden? That doesn’t seem like... something
Shalltear-sama ordered her. Maybe I should ask her about it sometime...)

[...Mother?]

[Ahh, I’m sorry. So, my advice for the time being, given Chris-chan’s
personality, is that you make your approach more low-key. For example...]

Feeling slightly puzzled upon seeing the name of her colleague being brought up
somewhere she didn’t expect, Ristia continued to offer advice to her beloved
daughter.

---

A few days after I sent the letter about my visit to the flower garden,
Chris-san’s reply letter arrived to me. Considering the time it takes to reach
the Archlesia Empire from here, it seems like the reply came very quickly...
They probably used some kind of teleportation magic to send this letter.

[Arehh?]

As I opened the envelope and began to read the letter, those words spilled out
of my mouth unintentionally. The opening of the event was not filled with the
usual shameless theatrical words of love, but instead began with a polite and
calm greeting that was typical of Chris. Although it slightly felt out of place,
it was rather easier to read than usual, so I did not mind and continued
reading. The content was more of small talk, such as how glad they were that
they enjoyed the flower garden and how she was looking forward to the Six Kings
Festival. Recently, I got used to decorative words and was able to read them
smoothly, and since it was not a very long letter, I reached the end in a few
minutes... and found that she ended it with the following sentence.

“When I think about Miyama-sama while we exchange letters like this, I feel both
joy and a little sadness. Exchanging letters with you is great, but I sometimes
wish we could meet face to face and talk. Recently, I got some good tea leaves.
If you have a day convenient for you, I would be very happy if you could let me
know.”

It seemed like an invitation to come visit, albeit a bit roundabout. It was
written in Chris-san’s typical polite way of speaking, but I could also feel his
gentle concern... but how should I say this... These words made me feel
strangely ticklish. I had been under her care and I do appreciate the tickets
she had given me, so I guess it would be nice to thank her not just by letter,
but also in person. I guess I will bring her a tasty snack at that time.

Even so, I kinda feel like the mood of Chris-san’s letter has changed. However,
it isn’t that it feels out of place, it feels like she isn’t pushing herself
anymore... I mean, this letter really feels like Chris-san.
