---
toc: true
---

# Serious-senpai's Room: Act 11

The usual waiting room.

Placing the 11th Volume of “I was Caught up in a Hero Summoning, but That World
is at Peace” in her hand on the desk, Serious-senpai glanced at the person
sitting across from her.

[...Unnn?]

[Why the heck are you still here?! Why is it, as if it’s the most obvious thing
in the world, that you return here in the next volume’s back cover?! You’ve
already conveyed enough how dangerous you are in the main story...]

[How dangerous I am?]

[It’s scary how you’re not even aware of it... Of all people, why the heck do I
have to deal with a walking minefield here?]

Seeing Makina in front of her, Serious-senpai sighed. She may look normal at
first glance, but be that as it may, her love for her child is so abnormal that
if she carelessly touches upon that topic, she will continue to speak at a rate
that will quickly fill up the word count for the back cover. However, her
beloved child, who can be said to be the tripping landmine to trigger Makina...
is the protagonist of this series, Kaito. Although it was something that
Serious-senpai just declared, she thinks that the back cover is where “she
introduces the contents of the volume in an easy-to-understand manner”, so it’s
extremely difficult to proceed without bringing up Kaito.

[Haahhh... Even though I’ve received a lot of direct damage to my heart because
there are a lot of date scenes in this volume, the author is thinking I’m
looking forward to the next volume? What’s there to look forward to when I’m
over here dealing with this angel that could explode at any moment... Haahhh...
I wanna drink some coffee.]

[Coffee? Here you go.]

[...Eh?]

I’m digressing a bit, but since there was only sweet choccy milk and shitty baby
castellas in this waiting room, and she had no way to get anything else, she
just gave up. However, that isn’t the case for Makina. She is an omnipotent and
omniscient God, and if she feels like it, she can create as much coffee as she
wants.

[...I also want 99% cacao chocolate.]

[Here you go... I don’t really like those ‘coz they’re bitter, so I’ll just have
myself a normal chocolate.]

[...]

After creating the chocolate as requested by Serious-senpai, Makina also created
a chocolate for herself and started eating it deliciously. After looking at the
chocolate and coffee in her hand with a somewhat stunned expression on her face,
Serious-senpai muttered, seemingly troubled about something.

[...Even though the person herself is extremely dangerous, with her presence
here, the logistics of the back covers will drastically change... The advantages
and disadvantages are very clear.]

[Unnn?]

[No, it’s nothing.]

Makina certainly has her dangers. However, it’s only for a specific topic, so
she shouldn’t have any problem as long as the landmine isn’t stepped on. Rather,
Serious-senpai feels that the advantage of her presence here is greater in her
mind.

[Ahh, that’s right, regarding today’s volume...]

[Eh?]

[It’s the conversation between my beloved child and I! Unnn, unnn, my beloved
child really shines the brightest when he’s talking with Mother!]

[Ahh, wait...]

[Yes, that’s right! Of course, my beloved child is always perfectly adorable,
but I think he’s cutest when he is talking to me. When my child is with Mother,
he really feels at ease, and his smile seems to be softer. Well, if I were to
speak of my personal preference, the corners of his mouth should be about 2mm
higher and the corners of his eyes should be about 1mm lower than that, but
these are all trivial issues before the cuteness of my child. In the first
place, my beloved child is...]

Seeing Makina gleefully speaking her heart out, Serious-senpai withdrew what she
had thought in her heart. Dismayed to see that there’s a pattern where she goes
on a rampage even if she didn’t step on any landmines... She thought of the
future where she was “trapped in a place with its flow of time changed, and she
could only listen to Makina continue talking for several hundred hours”... and
despaired.
