---
template: afterword
---

# Afterword

For picking up the 2nd Volume of “I was Caught up in a Hero Summoning, but That
World is at Peace”, thank you very much. Even though I've already known of this
as the Author, I couldn't help but be happy that the second volume is released
after the first one. In the 2nd Volume, the second of the Six Kings, Isis
Remnant, has made her appearance. Incidentally, this character won first place
in the popularity contest held on the Web Novel to celebrate the 1st anniversary
of the series. She's the type of character who will do anything for you, and
she's just so charming that she's become the Author's favorite character.

Speaking of which, three of the five characters who made their first appearance
in the 2nd Volume were actually voted in the Top 10 in that popularity contest.
The grocery store owner, Alice came in 2nd, beating out Kuromueina down to 3rd,
and the Elf, Sieglinde, came in 7th. It seems like the popular characters with
lots of fans have appeared here in the Volume 2... I think that had pressured
our illustrator, Ochau-sama, quite a bit. However, all of the character designs
are wonderfully finished, and I can only thank them for that. Thank you very
much.

Next, I'd like to introduce some of my favorite scenes from the 2nd Volume. The
first one is that part where Kaito holds Isis' hand. This is the scene where
Kaito, who was able to change after meeting Kuro, challenged something for the
first time. It's also the scene where Kaito displays his mental strength for the
first time, so it's one of my favorite scenes within the series.

The second is the scene where Kaito is astounded at how useless of a human Alice
was, but still takes care of her. Alice herself is a bundle of fun, and I like
the way she interacts with the good-natured Kaito.

The third is the scene where Kaito gives Kuro homemade baby castellas. This
story is actually a revision and isn't available in the Web Novel. Heck, Kuro
didn't appear much around this part of the Web Novel, and she's supposed to be
the novel's “Main Heroine (lol)”. Though it might sound like I'm tooting my own
horn, the story of Kaito, who became aware of his love in Volume 1, trying his
best for Kuro's sake, is a good one.

When I list my favorite scenes this way, I think that even though he doesn't
have any special abilities, nor is he particularly strong or smart, nor does he
have any special skills, Kaito really is the protagonist of the story.

The way he gets to know one cute girl after another and becomes friends with
them makes me wish he'd just go explode while writing this series though...

I've rambled on for a while, but I'd like to end with a few words about the next
volume. The 1st and 2nd Volume were set just within the Symphonia Kingdom, where
Kaito's range of movements is still relatively narrow. However, from the 3rd
Volume, his range of movements will expand, and I think it will become more like
another world.

I hope you look forward to the expansion of the world view, the characters
within it, including the secret Kuro holds deep within her. Thank you very much
for reading to the end.
