---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 2: The Lonely King Clad in Death

The 20th day of the Fire month. I was taking a leisurely stroll through the
streets of the royal capital, which was bustling with activity in the late
afternoon by myself.

I don't have any particular place to go in mind, but I've gotten used to streets
around here to some extent, so I took a light stroll.

As I walked along the street where I used to go with Sieg-san, I was enjoying
some random window shopping, when I suddenly noticed a store.

A little off the main street, there is a store with the words “General Store”
written on its sign... Fumu, this is one of those places I didn't have many
chances to go to when I was on Earth. I don't think it's the same as the
convenience stores back there, but since it calls itself a general store, they
probably have a wide variety of items on hand.

Curious about this general store, I decided to tread upon the dimly lit road and
stop by this store.

[Hello.]

When I opened the wooden door and entered the store, I found that it was much
larger than it looked outside, having many shelves lined up in a row.

I tried looking around, but unable to see the owner, I tried calling out to
them... but I received no response.

[Arehh? Anyone there\~\~?!]

I tried calling out again, a little louder this time, but still, no response
came back. The door wasn't locked, which should mean they were open...

Just then, I heard a faint voice from the back of the store and so, I turned my
head in the direction of the voice.

[...What the heck is this, with earnings like these, how am I supposed to make a
living...]

[...Eh?]

At the back of the store, at what appeared to be a counter, a scene that I
couldn't believe was happening in front of my eyes.

[Even though I've finally set up a shop in the royal capital, all of this is
useless if customers won't even come...]

At the counter, an “object” that seemed to be the shopkeeper was mumbling as it
counted coins. That, in itself, isn't a strange sight, but the problem was the
appearance of the shopkeeper.

A yellowish brown fluffy and flexible—limbs made of cloth. It kinda reminds me
of a deformed cat... No, there's no way that's a cat. I can't find the correct
words to explain this bizarre scene well.

In short, a stuffed cat-like object is mumbling while it's counting coins.

Why is this person wearing a stuffed animal costume indoors? Is she an idiot?

[Ahh\~\~ I wonder if there are any good stories about how to make money without
working... I thought if I just opened a store, customers would come with all
their money even if I don't move, but stocking up goods is a hassle and this
shop isn't even getting popular at all.]

The sight of this weirdo in a cat costume complaining while counting coins feels
terribly surreal, and to be honest, I deeply regretted entering this store.

From the sound of her voice, she seemed to be a young woman, but the costume
she's wearing is already ruining everything.

[If a rich and nice-looking customer comes, I'll make sure I will sell them all
sorts of things.]

[...........]

Yep. She obviously looks dangerous... Let's get out of here before she sees us.

[Really, if only a good sucker were to—Unnn?]

[?!]

[...........]

[...........]

Ah, shit. She noticed. Even her eyes(?) glowed just now.

A very awkward silence passed between me and the shopkeeper, before I quickly
turned around and was about to scamper towards the door but...

[Welcome!]

[?!?!]

She was already in front of me.

What the heck was that?! In an instant, she ran past me, and moreover, she was
already leaning her back behind the door when she called out.

Facing this situation where it clearly looks like she won't let me get away, I
reflexively stepped back... No, seriously, this is quite the strange shop I
entered.

[May I ask what you're looking for? Well\~\~ It was esteemed customer's lucky
day. For we have just finished stocking up on our supplies!]

[...N-No, errr...]

You're saying you just finished stocking up on your supplies, it's completely
obvious that you just lack customers and a lot of these supplies are unsold
though?!

Damn, I've completely became her target. A stuffed animal rubbing its hands
together as it slowly walked my way.... I felt fear just like when I'm watching
a B-rated horror movie.

[I-I was just checking out for a bit, it's not that I'm here to buy anything...]

[No no, today is your chance. Errr, look... We're offering a discount only for
today!]

It obviously looks like you just came up with it! Did you even try to sound a
little bit convincing?!

However, the other party could still be said to be a pro in her trade, and I
honestly don't have any talk skills that could help me get out of situations
like this.

Should I just take it like I've been bitten by a stray dog, buy some of her
stuff and go home?

[...By the way, what's your budget?]

[...E-Errr... A-Around 1000R... or so?]

In fact, I have more than 40,000R, but I'm not stupid enough to honestly tell
her about that.

The clothes I'm wearing may not be that flashy, but it still have a quality that
wouldn't look out of place even if a noble were to wear it, so I decided to say
an amount of about 500,000 yen because it will likely cause me a lot of trouble
if I said an amount that was too low.

This way, even if I was forced to buy until the very last coin of this budget, I
would just resign myself and think like I had fallen under the fangs of an
unscrupulous salesman.

[...1000R huh...]

I felt like the shopkeeper's eyes had changed colors. I can't see her eyes
because she's wearing a costume, but it's like her mood has somehow changed.

To be specific, it's like she has found good prey...

N-Now... What is she going to do now? She'll either try to force me to buy stuff
with threats or probably drag me around with her honed negotiation skills...
Either way, she's a professional and there seems to be no way for me to escape.

In front of me, the shopkeeper who was gasping for breath, slowly put her right
on the ground, followed by her left knee, and finally, she brought her hands on
the ground.

[...Please buy something.]

[..........]

A dogeza. A dogeza that I never expected. Throwing away all the shame and pride
of a merchant, in a very refined and unhurried manner, she got down on a dogeza.

[I'm begging you. I haven't had a good meal in a few days.]

[...........]

And as if it flowed along with her dogeza, tears began streaming down her eyes.

I was dumbfounded and speechless in front of the woman in the costume kneeling
on a dogeza in front of me. How should I say this... This feels like it's
supposed to be a sorrowful scene, but with her wearing a costume like that, it
just feels like she's making fun of me.

[Errr, please raise your head. For the time being, could you please show me what
products you have...]

[Ah, but before that, do you mind?]

[...Eh?]

[Would you stop talking to me like we're equals? You see, I'm a clerk while
you're the customer, so if the customer uses honorifics, it feels like my super
sales talk would explode.]

[.........]

If it's going to explode under such limited conditions, I don't think you could
call that super at all. Also, that half-baked way of talking, you're calling
that honorifics? No, I'm also not that good at speaking to others with
honorifics, but I can say with certainty that there's something different from
her belief.

But well, no matter how you look at her, she's clearly a weirdo, so I would
prefer if I keep my distance by speaking to her with honorifics... but I guess
it's more important if we finish speaking with each other so that I can get out
of here as soon as possible.

[Alright. This will do, right?]

[...That's okay\~\~. I can see a want-to-go-home-as-soon-as-possible aura but...
I'm a merchant, so it's my duty to release your want-to-buy aura!]

Suddenly looking energized, the shopkeeper in a costume vigorously stood up.

How should I say this... It's just that this stuffed costume of hers is ruining
everything in all kinds of ways... Seriously, what the heck is with this
person...

[Haahhh?! This blazing gaze! I see... So that's how it is huh... That passionate
gaze of yours must mean that you're interested in me!!!]

[...Huh?]

[I understand. I can understand why... In front of the beautiful me, it can't be
helped if one opens up their eyes and awakens their inner hot, burning, seething
manly desires!]

[.........]

What the heck is this person talking about now? I feel like I can't even keep a
straight face in front of her now.

She's probably making a really smug smile inside that stuffed costume of hers,
but I can only see it as a pervert wearing a stuffed costume, a self-proclaimed
beauty with disgusting behavior.

However, without caring about my reaction, the shopkeeper continued to speak.

[Alright! Then, as a merchant, let's settle it this way. You buy three products
of mine, and I'll tell you my three sizes!]

[No thanks.]

[An immediate reply?! C-Can't you at least look embarrassed or something like
that?!]

Unfortunately, I don't find your proposal appealing at all. She would definitely
only tell me the three sizes of that stuffed animal she's wearing, right? She'd
probably just say 100, 100, 100 or something like that...

[T-Then, how about this?! You buy five products of mine, and I'll have dinner
with you, your treat!]

[Please excuse me from that.]

[A denial that sounds like begging?!]

Dinner with a pervert in a costume is just a punishment game. Also, even if
she's trying to nonchalantly tell us that she's allowing us to buy her a meal,
it's probably just because she wants us to buy her a meal!!!

However, if you were to tell such a dangerous-looking pervert the reason
straight away, you wouldn't know what she'll do, so I'll be as indirect as
possible...

[I mean, having dinner with someone whose name I don't even know...]

[Ah, come to think of it, we haven't introduced ourselves yet! As expected,
everyone would be bothered not knowing the name of this pretty, beautiful me!]

[...No, not really.]

[As for me, let's see... You can just call me Alice, the beauty wrapped in
mystery!]

[You sure you don't want me to call you the Cheshire Cat instead?]

[Who the heck is the cat?! For a beauty like me to be treated like a cat, what
are you trying to say?]

[..........]

Haha, this guy's amazing. One amazing pain in the ass. Honestly, this might be
the first time. The first time I felt like punching someone I just met...

Also, doesn't she know about the fairy tales on Earth? I guess not everything is
passed down by the previous people who held the role of Hero.

[A-Arehh? It kinda feels like someone is looking like they want to kill me...
T-That gaze must be that, right? Just a gaze of embarrassment?]

[...My name is Miyama Kaito, nice to meet you... Also, can I punch you once?]

[It sounds like there's something frightening added to your self-introduction
though?! I-I can call you Kaito-san, right~? Well~ Your cool face really suits
your fantastic name, just gazing at you makes my heart skip a beat... That's
why, umm, errr, please put those clenched fists of yours away...]

It seems like my fists were clenched before I knew it, as Alice pacified me
while her stuffed costume was slightly trembling.

However, it still kind of feels like I'm somehow being made fun of... No, no,
this won't do, don't let yourself be dragged on her pace.

[Haahhh... Once again, nice to meet you.]

[It's nice to meet you too\~\~!]

Letting out a big sigh, I regained my composure and held out my hand to shake
hands with her.

Alice also reached out her hand—the stuffed costume's large hand, and held my
hand.

Then, out of nowhere, a sound like breaking glass could be heard—before Alice's
stuffed costume burst open.

[...Eh?]

[...Huh?]

When the stuffed costume burst open, what appeared was... dashing, wavy long
blonde hair, and beautiful blue eyes that looked like fine sapphire. There was a
beautiful girl that could even be mistaken for a bisque doll, dressed in
clothing that looked like it was patched up with numerous pockets.

[Ah, eh? W-Why did my magic break... Awawawawawawa?!]

The young girl... Alice dumbfoundedly mumbled as she continued staring at me,
and immediately afterwards, as if the sound of an explosion resounded, her face
turned bright red.

![Insert 2](../../_Images/v02/Insert2.jpg#.insert)

[Hyyyyyaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh?!]

[?!]

Alice, whose face turned red like a boiled octopus, immediately let out a scream
and ran towards the counter with terrifying speed.

Then, she vigorously began fishing out something on the counter, and a little
later, she took out a white mask... I think it's called an opera mask? Anyway,
she took out a mask that covered her face above her nose, and after hurriedly
putting it on her face, she let out a sigh of relief.

[...E-Errr...]

[I-I'm sorry. It's just that it's been a long time since I talked with someone
face to face... so I couldn't speak properly without it...]

[...And you're fine with that mask?]

[Yes, as long as half of my face is covered.]

It seems that Alice is extremely embarrassed not having her face covered and she
wasn't able to talk properly without something to cover her face.

That's why she was wearing that costume just now... No, well, it doesn't seem
like she really needs to wear that stuffed costume, but let's not tsukkomi about
that.

[Anyway... What the heck are you suddenly doing, Kaito-san?! From which
outlandish kingdom are you, stripping a girl in the middle of the day like
this?!]

[N-No, I also don't know what just happened... or rather, don't describe it in a
way that would cause misunderstanding!!! You were only stripped off your stuffed
costume!]

[No, no, I'm still feeling very tainted in my opinion! So tainted, I can't
become a bride anymore!!!]

With the opera mask on, Alice returned to how she was earlier, and she began
throwing raging flames all over the place.

However, it just almost feels like a false accusation, because I don't know why
her stuffed costume burst open just by touching it.

However, the fact that the stuffed animal turned into this young girl, and also
because of that scream I heard earlier, makes me feel a little guilty.

[...I'll buy five items.]

[How about a bit more? If you want, I could even open up my chest area for a
little bit...]

Hearing my mutters after I gave up, Alice's eyes immediately sparkled.

...We've only just met, but I think I already have an idea how to handle her.
How should I say this... Her attitude is kind of refreshing to see.

[So, what's Kaito-san looking for?]

[Ah, errr... I will be going to the Sacred Tree Festival, and I thought I would
find things in preparation for that.

Alice asked me, shaking her long blonde hair, and I told her the reason why I
came here. The fact that she's no longer wearing that stuffed costume makes her
somehow look different.

As long as she takes off her mask and stops talking at all, would she have
looked like an easy-going beauty? It feels like her personality is ruining
everything though...

However, unnn. I didn't have anything I particularly wanted to buy today, and
was just planning on window shopping, so I wonder what I should buy?

[Hmmm. Do you have shoes?]

What came to my mind were shoes. The shoes I'm currently wearing are the same
ones I had been wearing when I was summoned to this world. It isn't so bad that
it stands out, but my shoes don't seem to fit with the atmosphere of the city.

On the other hand though, I don't like the idea of wearing high-priced leather
shoes like those I saw in the high-class store that Lunamaria-san led me to. I
could see some clothes being sold in this general store, so I thought they might
have some common shoes.

[You can count on us! Our store has “anything other than food” after all!]

[Unnn? Why does your store not sell any food?]

[Of course, it's because I'd end up wanting to eat them myself!]

[..........]

I wonder why? I feel like she's really disappointing... Seriously, can I really
leave this to her? No, I don't feel like that at all. I can't buy just the shoes
though, so I'll try to buy five of the cheapest ones I can find here before
going home.

[By the way, Kaito-san, what kind of shoes do you like?]

[Eh? Ahh... I prefer soft and comfortable shoes that are easy to walk in.]

Sneaker-like shoes do exist in this world, but the mainstream seems to be
leather shoes, so you don't see many people wearing sneakers around.

Most of the clothes that Lilia-san bought me are elegantly designed, so I would
like to have at least one pair of leather shoes, but preferably soft shoes that
I can wear without using a shoehorn.

When I told her what I wanted, she nodded her head in understanding and brought
me a pair of shoes from behind the counter. They're dark brown and looked like
the type of leather shoes that had laces.

[...If that's the case, this is what I suggest! Leather shoes lavishly with Aqua
Lizard skin! It has excellent elasticity and is sturdy, so unless you have an
out-of-the-norm foot size, they fit your feet precisely! They also don't get
dirty easily, so you can even walk on a game trail with peace of mind!!!]

[.........]

Arehh? That's a decent sales talk she did there, isn't it? Receiving the shoes
Alice held out to me with a smile on her face, they were indeed very soft and
comfortable to wear. The colors are subdued and the design isn't too flashy,
which I like... To be honest, I want to buy this. However, since the material
sounds good, I guess they would be quite expensive?

[Errr, how much are they?]

[Let's see\~\~. Well, how about 100R?]

[Eh? I'll buy it.]

[Thank you very much!]

I thought it would be expensive, but that's just around 10000 Japanese yen...
It's quite a bargain. I mean, no matter how I look at it, isn't this a bit too
cheap?

Even though I'm not familiar with the prices of the goods in this world, I can
tell that these shoes are pretty good.

No, as far as I'm concerned, I'm just happy that I get to buy something good at
a low price... but seeing her appeal earlier where she's back to the corner as
she's about to lose her money, I can't help but be concerned about the situation
of Alice's purse.

[However...Isn't this too cheap? Wouldn't Alice be at a disadvantage with this
cost...]

[Eh? No, not really... I mean, they're “shoes I made myself” and I'm also the
one who acquired the raw materials used in it.]

[I-Is that so. Are Aqua Lizards that easy to hunt?]

[Yeah, they're just “3-meter long” lizards after all, they're quite easy to
hunt.]

[.........]

A 3-meter long lizard... Wouldn't that be large enough to call it a monster? Eh?
Do humans in this world hunt 3-meter long lizards like it's something normal?
The heck is that, that looks scary.

I mean, these shoes are made by Alice? This feels like something made by a very
reliable professional though... Perhaps, she may actually be a pretty amazing
girl...

[While we're at it, how about some matching clothes for those shoes? I'll even
cut you a deal for a set.]

[U-Unnn. I'm a bit interested.]

[Well then, what kind of clothes would you like?]

[E-Errr... I don't like anything too flashy, so I guess I'd like to have
something similar to what I'm wearing now?]

[Fumufumu, I guess something like a shirt and a parka huh. Please leave it to
me!]

Mhmm, I was negligent because she looked like an idiot at first, but the fact
that she had a super sales talk might not be a lie. In fact, the shoes she
offered me are pretty good quality and cheap, so I'm starting to have high
expectations.

Examining my clothes for a moment, Alice then moved to the clothing shelves and
picked up some clothes.

[How about this white shirt to wear underneath? It's a beautiful white, don't
you think? It would be hard to find such a beautifully colored shirt in other
stores, you know?]

[Heehhh, this certainly looks beautiful and nice.]

[Isn't it? After that would be outer garment, and I recommend this hooded parka!
It has a more subdued shade of black, and the best part... please hold it for a
moment.]

[...Eh? Uwahh, it's so light.]

When I held the jacket Alice handed me, it was almost as light as a feather and
felt almost weightless.

[It was manufactured using the thread of a special spider dwelling in the Demon
Realm. It's also difficult to get dirty and its ability to ward off odors is
also high, so you could even wash it about once a month! It makes use of a
special sewing technique, so it has excellent ventilation and doesn't feel
stuffy!]

[A-Amazing...]

[Furthermore, if you add these pants of the same material and this belt made
from Greyhorn Bull's hide, it's a 4-piece set!]

[H-However, they look nice... but they look rather pricey.]

[They're certainly more expensive than the shoes you just bought. The price
would be 200R, but if you buy it as a 4-piece set, I'll give you a discount and
sell it for 170R.]

[...I'll buy them.]

[Thank you very much!]

It was surprisingly cheap.

Or rather, no matter who looks at it, this is too cheap. Could it be...

[Hey, Alice. Could it be that this is also...]

[Eh? Yes, I made it too.]

[...I knew it.]

[I mean, most of the products in the store are things that are made by myself...
That's also because I don't have the money to buy them from other places.]

Surprised at her words, I looked around the shop.

Shoes, clothes, accessories, weapons, magic tools... Did Alice make all of this?
T-That's amazing.

She can make shoes, sew clothes, a good sense for making accessories, smith
weapons, get her own materials, and all of the products here are so good that
anyone would think they were made by professionals.

...How the heck can she be so poor that she can't even eat a decent meal when
her specs are that high?

[...Why isn't this store popular at all when you are selling so much good stuff
for a really cheap price?]

[That's the thing. Well\~\~ Even I don't know why, but most of the customers
would leave the moment they opened the door. Is it because the decorations in my
interior look bad?]

[.........]

No, I'm pretty sure that's just because they immediately ran away after seeing
the shopkeeper wearing a stuffed costume, isn't it? That's also what I was going
to do earlier...

No, no, even if customers won't come here, that's another matter. There should
be plenty of other ways for her to make money...

[No, if you can't sell it in your store, why don't you just wholesale it
somewhere else...]

[...Ehh?]

[No, like I said, if you can make something this good, if you wholesale it to a
company, wouldn't they buy this from you?]

[...I hadn't thought about that.]

H-How should I say this... She really is quite the disappointing fellow. She has
a very high specs that she would be able to earn a lot of money even if she were
to not seriously work hard for it, but her character, or rather, her usual
behavior is ruining it all.

No, rather, at this rate, even if she were to wholesale her items to a company,
I think she would still fail.

[Ahhh~ But speaking of which, I went to apply to open a store before but... I
was almost beaten up by them, telling me not to come back.]

[...Did you go there in that stuffed costume of yours?]

[Eh? Well, that should be obvious, right?]

[Are you an idiot?]

[I've strangely been told that a lot.]

Correction. She already failed. This is no good. Her specs are too high, but
she's too fatally disappointing. Well, seriously, I guess it really is as it was
often said. That God doesn't give two gifts.

(I don't remember giving anyone any abilities though?)

Hush it there, airhead goddess.

While I was astounded by Alice and her despairingly lacking business acumen,
Alice introduced me to her products one after another with her super sales talk.

[So that's a total of 950R... but since you bought so much, I'll just leave it
to 900R.]

I took out a silver coin from my purse and handed it to Alice, who looked like
she's in a good mood when she said that with a smile on her face.

In the end, I ended up buying just until I used up the budget I told her
earlier. It's not really because of Alice's super sales talk, but simply because
all the products in this store are very good.

The clothes in her stock were especially wonderful. All of the clothes are of
comparable quality to the ones I'm wearing now, and the designs might be simple,
but stylish. They are what you would call casual wear back in my previous world.
I don't know if Alice has good taste or not, but I couldn't help but buy them
because they were all elegant and made to look good even if it were nobles who
were wearing them.

[Well\~\~ This is the first time I've sold this much since I've opened my store!
Kaito-san, please visit our store again!]

[Unnn. All of these “items that I never thought were made by the shopkeeper” are
quite good, and I'd like to see more of the magic items next time.]

[Whoaa, I somehow feel like I'm being slightly insulted there, but I'm so happy
now that I will forgive you.]

[Ahaha.]

Well, I didn't really know what to expect at first, but when it was all over, I
think I got a good deal and found a good store to buy stuff.

Like she said, she had everything but food stuff, as she even sold a variety of
interesting trinkets and magic items, so I'll come back to look around again.

When I finished shopping, I thanked Alice and was about to leave the store, but
at that moment, Alice spoke.

[Ahh~ Kaito-san. Can I have a moment?]

[Unnn?]

[...As thanks for all the things you bought, I'd like to give you a warning.]

[A warning?]

At those words, I turned around and looked at Alice, but her expression was
hidden behind her mask, so I couldn't read it.

The emotions I felt from my Sympathy Magic also seem to be calm, it's as if she
was just making small talk, but I somehow feel like there's something strange in
the mood.

[Kaito-san, from your world, there's that one story, right? That a hero who gets
too close to the sun, would get their wings burned and crash to the ground...]

[.........]

If I remember correctly, wasn't she talking about the story of Icarus in Greek
mythology? The story is about Icarus, who flew through the sky on wings made of
wax, but he got too close to the sun, so his wings made of wax melted and he
fell to the ground.

But why did she suddenly bring up such a story? She said that it was a warning,
so I guess this is the message she probably wants to tell me.

[The closer you are to great beings, the greater the chance of risks suddenly
coming from unexpected places... Please keep this in mind. This world isn't just
filled with good people, and if those wings of yours were just born from
hubris... Those fake wings will just melt and you may end up crashing on the
ground, you know?]

[.........]

Who is it that I'm talking to right now? Intimidating eyes that make me feel
chills... At the very least, there was this sense of otherness around her, as if
there was something different about her from the people I had met in this world.

[Keep your feet on the ground. Life is something that could disappear in but a
moment. All too quickly, all too simply... The Soul Reaper could appear
anywhere.]

[..........]

[...Or something like that\~\~ Well, Just keep in mind that humility is the best
policy.]

[Y-Yeah...]

I don't know. I feel like there's meaning in her words, but it's like I
strangely can't understand Alice at all. One minute she's throwing out a warning
like her sharp eyes could see through everything, but she would suddenly be
smiling like a fool the next minute. It feels really strange. It's as if I'm
peeping into a hole that I can't see the bottom of, as if I can somehow
understand her, but the words to describe it were caught behind the back of my
throat.

However, it doesn't seem like Alice wants to say anything else, so she removes
her gaze from me and sits down on the counter again. Thinking that I probably
wouldn't arrive at any answers even if I keep thinking about it, I gave Alice a
slight wave before leaving the shop.

---

After Kaito left the store, Alice slowly shifted her gaze to the door where
Kaito left from and muttered.

[For him to have interacted with the Underworld King and one of God Realm's
Supreme God, I was wondering what kind of monster he is... Turns out he's just a
normal, slightly good-natured, but a normal person.]

Absentmindedly muttering to herself, some kind of noise rang out before Alice's
figure blurs and her appearance changes back to the stuffed cat costume she's
wearing before.

Then, Alice sits down on the seat near the counter and out of boredom, begins
lining up and counting coins.

Yes, she knows. About how Kaito is an otherworlder and about how Kaito
interacted with Kuromueina, knowing all of it from her own network of
information, she feigned ignorance and approached him.

[You have to be careful, Kaito-san. The world isn't as bright as the theaters,
for there are always people lurking around backstage... Sooner than you may
think, there will be some people who will start seeing the value of who you
are.]

Muttering to herself, in a mocking tone to Kaito who isn't here. No one can see
her expression because of the stuffed costume she's wearing, but the atmosphere
around here is completely different from the carefree shopkeeper she was until a
while ago.

As if waiting for Alice's atmosphere to change to one that contained sharpness,
she heard the sound of a door opening in the quiet shop and a man clad in a
black robe hiding his face walked in.

The man quietly moved to the shelves in front of the row of weapons, and after
grabbing a small dagger, he smoothly moved towards the shelves where the
clothing was placed, and after grabbing the black clothing and wrapping it
around the dagger, he placed them on the counter.

Alice, who had been unresponsive and counting pennies all that time, looked at
the dagger wrapped in black clothes, and as if she's letting out a sigh, she
moved her head.

[You're the “Shadow Edge”, aren't you?]

[...Haahhh... how come my core business isn't doing well at all, but my “side
job” is this thriving? I mean, I wish you lot would stop calling me with that
embarrassing pseudonym.]

[There's someone I need you to deal with.]

[...Depends on how much and who it is.]

The man quietly announced Alice's other name... The pseudonym she was known in
the underworld.

The act of wrapping the black cloth around the dagger is a sign of a request for
her about a job related to the underworld. Requests that wouldn't be brought to
the light, things that could only be done by those who dwell in the darkness of
the world.

[One white gold coin for an advance... An additional three after your success.]

[Heehhh, that ain't too bad. The person must have been someone troublesome huh?]

[I need you to deal with the whole family of a baron.]

[Hmmm. A noble in this country huh?]

[Yeah, here's the list.]

The man places a single white gold coin on the counter before holding out a
stack of papers.

Alice reads what is written on the paper for a while, and when she finishes
reading, she hands the stack of paper back to the man.

[Alrighty\~\~. Then, regarding this request... the deadline is?]

[If possible, within 10 days.]

[Method of death?]

[It's best if you were to kill him in a way that would look like he committed
suicide.]

[Okay, okay. Well then, please come back in 10 days with the 3 white gold
coins.]

[...Yeah.]

After that short conversation, the man leaves the shop.

After seeing him off while still wearing her stuffed costume, Alice began
flipping the white gold coin she received with her finger and muttered.

[...Kaito-san. Human life is something that can be bought cheap. Just for these
few coins, it would disappear like a fleeing dream...]

After catching the falling white gold coin and casually tossing it into the
counter's drawer, Alice takes one of the silver coins that Kaito used to pay
her, and smiles.

[Well, but I guess I can only pray today... that an “assassination request” for
you won't come...]

The sun was setting and the shop looked gloomy, but the girl living within that
house had a peaceful smile on her face.

Ten days later... The day when Kaito and the others left the capital for the
Sacred Tree Festival—only she and her client knew at the time, that the whole
family of a certain barony would commit suicide, causing a bit of a stir in the
royal capital.

---

In the office of Albert Duchy, Lilia, the head of the household, was staring at
a letter with a serious expression on her face. Looking at the letter from the
royal castle that arrived this morning, which was more of a warning than a
greeting, containing information about a certain being, Lilia held her head in
her hands.

Wondering why she hadn't gotten this information earlier, she cursed herself for
not having built up a sufficient information network in her early days as a
noble. As Lilia pondered what to do now, the door of her office vigorously
opened, and Lunamaria, with a flustered expression on her face, entered.

[M-Milady! It's an emergency!]

[Emergency? Don't tell me...]

Lilia's personal maid, Lunamaria, is also in charge of inspecting the letters
that Lilia receives, and thus, she knows the contents of the letters that are
currently in Lilia's hands. Lilia, who had known her for a long time, could tell
that the emergency that Lunamaria had announced was connected to the contents of
the letter that was currently in her hand, and her face involuntarily became
pale.

[In the South Gate! Death King-sama has been sighted, and a notice of curfew was
sent by his Majesty, the King!]

[A-As I thought...]

The bad news came before she had time to prepare... Lilia looked like she was
thinking about something for a moment and then she immediately gave the order.
“Until instructed, leaving the premises is strictly prohibited”.

[Understood!]

[Please especially tell Kaito-san, Aoi-san and Hina-san to stay in their rooms
as well!]

[At once!]

Lilia's words were met with a quick nod from Lunamaria, who then immediately
left the office. Seeing her off, Lilia let out a deep sigh of relief, relieved
that she was able to notice the Death King's arrival before anything occurred.

However, Lilia's relief was shattered a few minutes later... when she heard
Lunamaria's report, which came back with an even paler expression than before.

[M-Milady... There's an issue.]

[Is something the matter?]

[We've verified the locations of Kusunoki-sama and Yuzuki-sama within the estate
grounds... but it seems like Miyama-sama went out about two hours ago, and he
hasn't come back yet...]

[Wha?!]

Going beyond pale, Lilia's complexion became white. That's how tense the
situation had become. Kaito is a commoner who lived a life unrelated to
conflict... If he encounters the Death King, the object of fear, it might leave
an indelible scar on his heart.

[Milady... What should we do?]

[...I'll go find him.]

[However, would that be alright?]

[...If we increase the number of the search personnel too much and we encounter
the Death King, it will be a complete disaster. Fortunately, Kaito-san isn't
familiar with the geography of the royal capital. I'm sure he hasn't traveled
far.]

[.........]

Hearing Lilia say that she will go look for Kaito, Lunamaria looked at her with
a gaze filled with worry. Lilia is the one with the greatest amount of magic
power in Symphonia Kingdom, so she won't faint even before the Death King. But
even if that's so, she's unable to go against her. This is why Lunamaria
hesitated for a moment, wondering whether she should stop Lilia or not...

[...Please be careful.]

[Yes, please take care of the mansion. Also, contact the “shadow” attached to
Kaito-san with a hummingbird...]

Shadow... It's a term that refers to the people appointed by Lilia to guard
Kaito, Aoi and HIna, hidden from the eyes of their targets. If it's just thugs,
the shadows can deal with them however they want. But this time, the opponent
would be one of the Six Kings... the most dangerous beings in the world. They
could communicate with the shadow with a hummingbird, something that could be
described as a letter crafted with magic power, but it takes some time to
prepare the special magic tool to write their letter, and the speed of the
hummingbirds themselves isn't very fast. In this situation where every minute is
precious, Lilia immediately ran out of the office, leaving the work to
Lunamaria.

After watching Lilia's back as she departed with a worried expression on her
face, Lunamaria went to prepare the hummingbird.

---

After leaving Alice's general store, I walked leisurely back to Lilia-san's
mansion. Thinking that I had some good shopping today, I walked forward—when I
felt as if something's out of place.

It was almost evening, the time of the day when streets would normally be
crowded with people returning home from work or going out shopping for dinner,
but there wasn't a single soul that could be found in the wide, straight main
street, filled with a strange silence. Finding myself in such an abnormal scene,
as if this space had been cut off from the rest of the world, I naturally
stopped in place.

[...What the heck is—?!]

Immediately afterwards, a chill ran down my back and I can feel the hairs on my
body rising.

The buildings in the vicinity were melting as if they were rotting, and the road
in front of me was collapsing, a sensation so horrifying that it was almost
impossible to imagine such a scene in my mind.

I don't know why, but my body was shivering, and it felt like the sound of my
thirsty throat was loudly resounding in my ears.

And it isn't just in my head, all of my body... and the instincts within it were
warning me.

—That “something very frightening” is coming.

It's different from the pressure I've felt from Kuro's magic power when she
asked me in Lilia-san's mansion before. If I had to describe it, it's an
inexplicably terrifying feeling that seemed to alert my instincts as a living
being—a negative presence dense enough that I could feel it on my skin.And then,
from the end of the dimly-lit road which is tainted with silence, that appeared.

Long hair as white as ashes, morbidly white skin, deep and gloomy blood-like
crimson eyes.

A woman dressed in gothic dress-like clothing, wrapped in a pale blue light,
floating just like fluttering dandelions, she approached my direction with an
eerie presence around her.

She looked like a ghost, but she held beauty that could be described as
unequaled. However, even her beauty accentuates the fear I'm feeling.

[What... is...]

Just by seeing the woman... I felt like I saw “an illusion that my head had been
decapitated”. I can't breathe well and my whole body is shaking like crazy. And
yet, I'm unable to move from where I stood at all. My instincts tell me to stay
away from her.

Fear I've never felt before surged through my body, and at the same time, my
instincts were intensely warning me.

Don't get involved with her, quickly run away... or else, I will be killed...

However, contrary to such thoughts, my legs won't move at all, as if my feet
were sewn to the ground.

[...What an unusual magic power... Are you... the Hero?]

[?!]

Her cold voice resounds, and her red eyes look at me. At that moment, I felt a
chill that froze my whole body, and I lost all my words due to the intense
discomfort I'm feeling.

Ahh, I knew this feeling... It was “just like back then”.

The day I lost my parents in a car accident, the feeling of blood running down
my neck, the coldness that seemed to drain the heat from my body... That's
right. This is “the feeling of impending death”... An overwhelming fear that
seemed to freeze my soul.

I felt so terrified of this woman I've met for the first time.

As the feeling of fear seemed like it's starting to overwhelm my thoughts, the
question of the unusual woman “Are you a hero?” popped within my mind. Even
though my instincts are telling me that I have to respond, that I mustn't go
against this being, my body just keeps on shaking and I can't move properly.

[...I repeat... Are you... the Hero?]

As if my continued silence was off-putting, the woman changed her tone to a
slightly stronger one and asked me the same question again.

It was as if I was being strangled by an invisible hand, pushing me down with an
oppressive, suffocating feeling.

[...I'm an... otherworlder, but... I'm not... the Hero.]

[...I see.]

The woman nodded to the words that I barely managed to squeeze out, without
showing any particular reaction.

The silence is heavy. I feel as if the air itself has weight.

The trembling in my body grows even stronger, wanting to get rid of this hellish
feeling as soon as possible.

After a few moments of silence, the woman holds out her hand to me to shake my
hand.

[...I'm... Isis... Isis Remnant... Nice to meet you.]

[Ughh?! Aaaahhhh...]

The moment I looked at the held out hand, what rose in my hand was an intense
sense of discomfort. A feeling of fear... Far greater than my mind can tolerate,
and I feel like nausea was rising from the pits of my stomach.

I have to escape, escape, run away, run... my instincts were intensely screaming
at me.

The hand that is supposed to look white and beautiful, looks like the sickle of
the Soul Reaper.

I mustn't hold that hand. If I were to hold her hand, I would die. Don't defy
her, don't go against her, don't take my eyes away from her... One after
another, they resounded in my head like an alarm clock waking me up from sleep.

[..........]

Seeing me like that, the woman slightly lowered her eyes, and at the moment I
saw that, a single emotion appeared in my heart.

Deep sorrow and intense loneliness... A feeling of solitude so intense...

Those were the emotions that were read by my Sympathy Magic. As soon as I
understood that, a thought arose in my mind different from the one I had before.

I don't know the logic for this thought, nor do I have a clear reason or basis
for it. But for some reason—If I were to run away here, I feel like I would
regret it for the rest of my life.

[...Eh?]

I can hear the startled voice of the woman. My body, which should have been
frozen in fear, awkwardly moved... And I found myself slapping my cheeks with
both of my hands.

The bizarre fear that still assaults my body hasn't disappeared. However, the
thoughts that were coming to my mind are about to become something completely
different.

Get your head out of your ass! Go think about the situation more seriously this
time!

What did this person even do to me? Did she do any harm to me or had she ever
directed her hostility towards me? No, she didn't... She had only asked me if
I'm the Hero, and then introduced herself and asked for a handshake. She didn't
do anything strange.

Looking back into the woman's red eyes, which seems somewhat startled, I was
about to reach out and accept the handshake... but the intense sense of
discomfort assaulted me again.

Clenching my teeth within this dizzying fear and discomfort, I still tried to
desperately move my hand. I don't have any basis for my actions, nor do I have
any reason why. I don't even know why I'm so desperate... However, I feel like I
have to hold this person's hand... right here, right now. If I had been in the
same situation before I came to this world, I would have definitely ran away.
However, when I came to this world and met Kuro... I understood that even a
single goodwill could save a person's heart. I've learned how glad I am to have
her reach out to me, even if I'm hiding deep within the darkest depths of my
heart. For this reason, if I'm the only one who can reach into the depths of
this person's heart at this moment in time, then... There's no way I can run
away from here.

Kuro had mentioned it before, how my body will naturally try to adapt to
non-hostile magic power... If I were to attribute this unspeakable fear I'm
feeling from the magic power that the woman before me was clad in... Then stop
shaking there like an idiot, and get on with adjusting with her magic power!

I don't know if it had been answered because of the scream within my heart...
Clenching my teeth so hard that my lips were bleeding, I desperately tried
reaching out... Little by little, for every centimeter I'm closer to her hand, I
feel like the discomfort I'm feeling softens.

The trembling of my hand gradually diminished and slowly, as if the world had
been in slow motion, I reached out for the woman's held out hand.

How much time passed? Anyway, my hand reached the hand of the woman who had
spent a ridiculously long time waiting for me to hold it out the whole time.

Grasping her cold hand, I closed my eyes once and... with a smile on my face, I
spoke.

[...My name is Miyama Kaito. It's nice to meet you. Isis-san.]

[...Uaahh.]

As I held her hand, the fear and discomfort I'm feeling finally disappeared, and
I was able to naturally speak with her.

Isis-san looked stunned as she stared at me, and after nodding once, she spoke.
Her voice sounds heartless, but it sounds like she's trembling, and I could also
feel a hint of relief from her voice.

[...Miyama Kaito... Can I just... call you Kaito?]

[Yes.]

[...Kaito... “Let's get married”.]

[Please wait a sec there, I don't know what you're talking about.]

Something's strange... Just when I thought I had finally managed to introduce
myself, she suddenly asked me to marry her for some reason. It doesn't make any
sense... It's as if she just leaped out of the process and burst straight to the
end?

In response to my reply, Isis-san had a sincerely happy smile on her face as she
continued speaking.

[...My hand... you grasped it... I felt happy... happy! ...That's why...
marriage.]

[.........]

Arehh? That's strange? I just felt a chill run down my back, different from what
I felt before... It was just my imagination, right?

I felt like I was getting a cold impression from her before, but she's now
looking at me with such heat in her eyes that I think she would end up burning
me.

Ummm, what should I do in this situation? I need to say something... Errr...

[H-How about... We start as friends for now?]

[...........]

When I timidly suggested so, as I carefully choose the words I say... Isis-san's
cheeks turned red and she happily smiled.

![Insert 3](../../_Images/v02/Insert3.jpg#.insert)

[...Friends... Kaito's friend... I'm happy.]

It appears that she liked it, as Isis-san repeatedly said the word friends over
and over again like she's in delirium.

Unnn. It's that... How should I say this... I guess she's one of those intense
ones...

Having a little chat with Isis-san, we had a particularly casual conversation.
It was already getting dark, so when I told her I needed to leave soon, Isis-san
had a lonely look on her face as she muttered.

[...Kaito... Where do you... live?]

[Ummm, I'm living in Duchess Albert's mansion just down this street.]

[...Can I... come visit you... sometime?]

[Ah, yes. Of course, you can come over anytime. I'll go tell the homeowner
myself.]

[...Wouldn't I... be a bother?]

[It's alright. You don't have to act that reserved. Isis-san and I are friends,
so you're welcome to come over anytime.]

[...Ahh... unnn.]

When Isis-san timidly asked me that, I told her that she can come visit me
whenever she wants, and a really happy smile appeared on her face.

Looking at her like that, she just looks like a normal pretty woman. Seriously,
I'm wondering why I'm feeling so frightened of her just now.

After happily nodding at my words, Isis-san takes out a blue flower from
somewhere and holds it out to me.

[...Ummm... This is... for you.]

[Thank you very much. I'll take good care of it.]

[...Unnn.]

A flower with blue petals as clear as ice. Receiving the flower which I haven't
seen before from Isis-san and after thanking her, I store it in my magic box.

[Well then, I'd better get going. Let's talk again next time.]

[...Unnn... Thank you... Kaito... I love you.]

[T-Thank you very much... Well then, see you later.]

[...See you later.]

For some reason, a strange chill creeps behind my back again. After putting that
strange chill aside and bowing my head to Isis-san, who was giving me a small
wave with her hand, I left the place.

This may be the first time I've worked this hard in my life. However, this was
more than worth it. She may be a little unusual, but I'm happy to have made a
new friend in my life.

After parting ways with Isis-san, I started walking back along the path back to
the mansion again... but I found something humanoid coming out from the
mansion's direction with a tremendous speed.

[Wha?! Did I encounter something again...]

[Kaito-san?!]

[Wait, Lilia-san? I-Is something the matter? You seem like you're in quite a
hurry...]

[I'll explain later. We're going back to the estate.]

Suddenly appearing with an uncanny expression on her face, Lilia-san lifted the
surprised me in one hand and carried me on her shoulder...

Eh? Wait...

Immediately after that, Lilia-san started running at the speed of a bullet
train.

[Wha?! Wait, what in the world...]

[...Quickly, let's get moving... we have to get back before we run into...]

[L-Lilia-san?! Listen to me...]

Rather, Lilia-san, how the heck can you carry me with one hand and run with such
a speed... She's just too amazing.

In the end, my words didn't reach Lilia-san's ears, and was forcibly brought
back to the mansion at a high speed. Carried into the mansion, I was taken
directly to Lilia-san's office. In the office, Lunamaria-san was there, and when
she saw my face, she looked relieved for some reason.

Thereupon, I was finally lowered to the ground. Sitting down in her seat with a
tired look on her face, Lilia-san urged me to sit down on the sofa before
exhaling.

[Haahhh... I'm glad we made it in time.]

[Thank you for your hard work, Milady. I'm glad you returned safely.]

[Yes, I'm also glad nothing happened.]

Lilia-san and Lunamaria-san were both talking with relieved expressions on their
faces, but not understanding the situation, I tilted my head and asked.

[...Errr, what's going on?]

[Kaito-san, I've already told this to Aoi-san and Hina-san earlier, but for a
while... or at least, just tomorrow, please refrain from going out.]

[...Eh?]

What's going on here? Speaking of which, there were no people on the main street
when I met Isis-san, so perhaps, something really may have happened.

[...Today, Death King-sama has been sighted around the royal capital.]

[...Death King?]

Speaking of the Death King, if I'm not mistaken, the Death King was one of the
bad-tempered ones among the Six Kings along with the War King, and was said that
they would kill you if you displease them.

I see, I guess I can't blame them for being so cautious when one of them is
nearby...

[Death King-sama is always clad in “magic power of death” and is extremely
dangerous. If you are feeble-minded, you will faint at the mere sight of her...
So, please refrain from going out until we acquire some accurate information
regarding this matter.]

[...........]

Arehh, that's strange... I wonder why, but while she was talking about that,
Isis-san's face popped out of my mind for some reason.

I don't really know what this dangerously-sounding magic power of death is, but
if she's talking about something that would make you pass out just standing
before it... Unnn. I think I encountered a similar situation a while ago.

[...Miyama-sama? Is something the matter?]

[....Ah, no...]

Hahaha, no no, there's no way that's possible, right?

We're talking about one of the Six Kings, you know? We were talking about beings
that were the pinnacle of the Demon Realm, and beings that one wouldn't usually
see except at the Festival of Heroes, you know? And yet, there's no way that I
had just encountered one like that out of nowhere, right...

Unnn. It must just be imagination and I must have been mistaken. However, let's
check it out a bit, just to be sure.

[Ummm, Lilia-san. That Death King... Her name isn't Isis Remnant, right?]

[...Kaito-san. How do you know the name of Death King-sama? You wouldn't have
been able to know her name unless you've seen the person herself due to the
Information Concealment Magic...]

[.......]

I see, Isis-san really is the Death King huh... However, she certainly may have
been terribly intimidating, but I don't think she has a bad temper though.

No, she certainly had a rather strong personality, though it was in a different
way, but I don't think she's the kind of person who would just kill someone just
because she finds him displeasing...

[...Milady, is it just my imagination? It's just that I have a very bad feeling
about this.]

[...That's unexpected, Luna. I actually feel that way too...]

[Ah, no, errr...]

[Kaito-san. Where did you hear that name? You heard it from Kuromueina-sama,
right? If it's Kuromueina-sama, I think she wouldn't be affected by the
Information Concealment Magic, so you must have heard it from Kuromueina-sama!!!
I'm begging you, please tell me that's the case!!!]

[...I'm sorry. I met her just now.]

I told Lilia-san, who looks like she's relying on me with a desperate look in
her eyes, that I've already met the Death King.

Immediately after that, like a puppet that had lost its strings, Lilia-san's
face slammed into the desk.

[Milady! Milady, please get ahold of yourself!]

[..........]

Lunamaria-san hurriedly ran up to her, but Lilia-san didn't even move and kept
her face down, and after a while, she stood up and slowly walked towards me.

[Umm, Lilia-san—Gueehhh...]

Feeling that there's something strange in the surrounding, I was about to say a
word of defense, but Lilia-san grabbed me by my collar before I could even
finish speaking.

[What does this mean!!!]

[Wha, Lilia-san... It hurts...]

[Why! Are you always! Every single time I take my eyes off you! You would always
get to know one of the outrageous beings in the world!!!]

Holding my collar, Lilia-san began to shake my body back and forth with tears in
her eyes, and my head jerked back and forth with the ridiculous force my body
was swinging.

On top of the pain, I feel like my body is floating up the ground?!

[Are you doing this on purpose?! You must have been doing this on purpose,
right?! How come you would know another one of the Six Kings just after that
short period of time!!! Moreover, it had to be Death King-sama this time... Why
did you have to get to know the scariest one!!!]

[No, Milady... As expected, there's no way he's meeting one of the Six Kings on
purpose.]

[...........]

Lilia-san isn't looking like she's half-crying anymore, she's completely crying
already. I know that I can't say this since I'm actually the cause of her tears,
she must have been really worried...

I'm really sorry... but I'd like it if you could release me as soon as possible.
At this rate, I feel like I would get to mom and dad's side before I can explain
myself.

Also, Lunamaria-san, please stop calmly throwing your tsukkomis there.

Ah, shit... I'm going to lose... my consciousness again...

After shaking my body in mid-air for a while, I don't know if Lilia-san finally
regained her composure, she was now repeatedly saying her apologies while making
sure I'm alright.

[...Anyway, I'm glad that you're safe even after encountering Death King-sama.]

[No, Milady... I doubt that Miyama-sama was safe a while ago... though it's
mainly because of Milady.]

[...E-Errr... Kaito-san. I'm really sorry, are you alright?]

[...Yes. Somehow...]

I feel like I've been fainting frequently since I've come to this world...
though it's mainly at the hands of Lilia-san...

[However, to get acquainted with Death King-sama after Underworld King-sama,
Miyama-sama really never ceases to amaze me. Well, I don't really know if you
could exactly call your relationship with Death King-sama as something friendly
but...]

[That's right. I've heard that Death King-sama is a person that's hard to
please, so I'm just glad that you've made it back safely.]

[...Ah, errr, regarding that...]

It seems that they were really frightened of Isis-san, as Lilia-san and
Lunamaria-san don't seem to think that I've become friends with her.

I guess the cause of all of their fears must be that unordinary aura I felt when
I first met her, I think they called it as magic power of death? In fact, after
I talked with her, she seemed rather kind though...

I guess I shouldn't tell them about that topic later huh? That would be no good
huh... I should tell them that I told Isis that she could come visit me anytime
she wanted to...

[...She would... come visit another time.]

[ [ ...Eh? ] ]

The moment I timidly told them, the two of them stiffened, as if time had
completely stopped.

And a little later, Lilia-san asked me with a pale.... or rather, with a face
that looked like it had completely lost its color.

[...She would come visit? Death King-sama will? It's not that you're actually
saying that she's coming to kill us all, right?]

[Ah, yes. Errr, we've become friends, so she asked me if she could come visit
me, and so, I told her she could come over whenever she wanted.]

[...You become friends? With Death King-sama? A-Ahaha, you're just kidding,
right? I mean, we're talking about Death King-sama here... the most frightening
among the Six Kings, you know? She's the kind of person who would break many
people's minds just by encountering her...]

[No, we've really become friends. S-She also gave me an unusual flower.]

When Lilia-san asked me with a dumbfounded and broken smile, I feel a little
scared while I explained it to her and took out the blue flower that Isis-san
gave me.

[That is a Blue Crystal Flower huh. It seems that an incredibly powerful State
Preservation Magic has been casted on it. Milady, this really is....]

[...Stop, I don't want to hear it.]

[Umm, Lilia-san?]

Looking at the blue flower—the Blue Crystal Flower, Lunamaria-san sounds
dumbfounded as she muttered, while Lilia-san just covered her face with her
hands when she heard it.

Looking at her grim and sorrowful appearance, Lunamaria-san also looked shaken,
as she began to gently pat Lilia-san's back.

[Milady... Please stay strong.]

[...What the heck's going on with Kaito-san's unique friendships... It now looks
like it's more amazing than mine... I mean, it's already at the level where you
can crush the Albert Duchy with just a word...]

[Milady, I can understand how you feel. Yes, it's really just that Miyama-sama
had become too abnormal. He could already be described as a monster in some way,
and Milady has done nothing wrong.]

[...Luna...]

The people I've come to know certainly are outrageous, though it's quite vexing
being called a monster.

However, when I see Lilia-san looking like a crying child in front of me,
there's no way I can complain about their words, and just feel sorry instead.

Leaving Lunamaria-san to comfort Lilia-san for a while, and as if she had found
the right moment, she quickly stood up and bowed her head to Lilia-san.

[...By the way, Milady. I would like to take some time off tomorrow.]

[...Wait a second there. Why are you trying to escape all by yourself?!]

[P-Please let go of me, Milady! Meeting Death King-sama isn't something you
could just laugh at! I still have my mother waiting for me to come home alive!]

[I'll never let you go!!! You want me to go face Death King-sama all by myself?!
That's impossible! I was clearly overwhelmed when it was just Kuromueina-sama
who was visiting us, and you're now telling me to welcome Death King-sama...]

[...I will never forget the days I spent in the service of Milady.]

[Why are you assuming that I'm going to die?!]

Seeing the touching scene of the two of them suddenly turning into a grappling
match, I once again recognized the magnitude of the situation. It seems like
both Lilia-san and Lunamaria-san were scared of Isis-san.

---

In a corner of the vast Demon Realm. A region covered by ice that hasn't melted
for thousands of years, a place called the Land of Death.

In a room within a huge castle covered in thick ice, a girl called as the
incarnation of death had a happy expression on her face.

[...Kaito...]

Saying the name of the young man he met today, her cheeks blushing as if she's
in love with him, the Death King, Isis Remnant, muttered to herself as she
stared at the books stacked like a mountain.

[...I found him... I finally found him... I'm not mistaken... Kaito... Kaito
is... my “fated one”...]

Muttering so, Isis holds a book... her favorite book—within her embrace.

The book tells the story of a young girl who falls in love with a man she met by
chance, and as she sees herself in the girl's eyes, her cheeks blushed and she
mutters the name of the man in her thoughts over and over again.

The name of the young man from another world who took her hand after thousands
of years of being feared, the hand of someone who had always been walking in
solitude...
