---
toc: true
---

# Intermission: Isis Remnant — The Being that She had been Waiting For

Two colors of flashes of light ran through the corner of the vast Demon Realm,
while thunderous sound rang out in the surroundings.

Just as thousands of tree roots rose like spears piercing the skies, an
extremely cold wind blowing down from the skies froze them.

[... ?!]

“Kuhh...”

Just like a rush of magic power blowing like storms, two shadows were
confronting each other in the center of the trembling atmosphere.

[...Lillywood... Don't interfere.]

“...I can't let you go to the Human Realm, Isis.”

The two existences facing each other are both beings that are so famous in the
Demon Realm that there's no one who doesn't know them.

The battle between they who were part of the Six Kings, the Death King, Isis
Remnant, and the World King, Lillywood Yggdrasil, is so fierce that it can
rightly be called a natural disaster, and all the things in the surroundings
that were as far as one's sight can see have turned into a wilderness.

The beginning of this event started about half an hour ago... When Lillywood
tried to stop Isis from going to the gate leading to the Human Realm, and as a
result, it had turned into a battle.

[...This is unrelated to you... Lillywood.]

“I'm related to this! Right now, the Demon Realm and the Human Realm have just
signed the treaty of friendship, and it's still very unstable. We can't afford
to damage the trust that we've finally built.”

[...So... Why... are you... stopping me?]

“...Do you really want me to say it? I wouldn't like to say this if I could.
However, your existence is dangerous in this situation.”

[...Why...]

“The magic power of death that you're clad in is nothing more than an object of
fear for living beings...”

[...You're wrong.]

“Stop turning your eyes away! You yourself know of this as well... That you are
an “object of fear” for Humans.”

[...?!?!?!]

The truth is that she didn't want to say such condemning words. Lillywood has an
expression on her face that seems like she had bitten down on a bitter worm, but
she needs to ruthlessly tell her the truth, and when Isis heard those words, her
eyes widened and she stiffened.

A moment of silence appeared... But it is quickly broken by the swelling magic
power of Isis.

[...You're wrong... You're wrong... You're wrong!!!]

“......”

With her cries and screams, in response to her fury, Isis's magic power
exploded, forming an extremely large magic circle in the sky that shook the air.

Seeing the Extreme Magic that is filled with her killing intent, clearly
different from the magic she used before, Lillywood calmly looks at it and forms
a magic circle of the same size on the ground.

The Six King's Extreme Magic... It was enough to turn dozens of kilometers
around them into ashes, and rather than intercept it, Lillywood aimed to offset
it with magic of the same scale to protect the lands of the Demon Realm.

However, before the storm formed by Isis can be unleashed and descend down from
the skies, a jet-black magic circle appears superimposed on the bluish-white
magic circle in the sky, and with the sound like shattering glass, the magic
circle formed by Isis disappeared.

[...?!]

“This is...”

Before the surprised two, Kuromueina appears between them as her coat, which has
turned into black wings, flapped in the air.

[Did I make it in time?]

“Yes, thank you for your help, Kuromueina. As expected, there was a limit to how
much damage control on the surrounding area I could handle with just me
alone...”

Lillywood let out a sigh of relief at Kuromueina's appearance and thanked her,
while in contrast to her, Isis clenched her teeth.

[...Kuromueina... You're also... going to interfere?]

[No, it's not like I'm trying to interfere or anything like that... and I know
how you feel, Isis... But could you at least wait until the world is a little
more stable?]

[..........]

Hearing Kuromueina's words, Isis bit her lip as if to say that she still wasn't
convinced, but she didn't try to force her way through like she did when she was
just being confronted by Lillywood.

She might be able to do it if it was just Lillywood, but if Kuromueina joined
in, the possibility of breaking through was equal to zero.

After being silent for a while, Isis clenched her fists and silently left the
place, her body slightly trembling.

Looking at her departing figure who even looks like she's somehow crying,
Kuromueina lets out a big sigh.

[...It seems like she's having a rough day. Isis, I mean.]

“I supposed it can't be helped. The Human Realm and the God Realm have signed a
treaty of friendship, and she herself knows it, but still... no matter what
happened... She's still thinking about someone who would accept her, even in the
Human Realm or the God Realm.”

[Isis is pretty lonely after all. Especially since we've been so busy lately
that we haven't been able to talk to each other...]

Thinking about Isis who had just left, both Kuromueina and Lillywood had a
somewhat sad expression on their faces.

Two years after the treaty of friendship was signed, for the sake of peace
between the three worlds that have begun to work hand in hand, both Kuromueina
and Lillywood have been going back and forth between the Human Realm and Demon
Realm lately, but Isis hasn't visited the Human Realm or the God Realm since the
treaty of friendship.

No, it would be better to say that she wanted to visit, but she was stopped...
Isis, who was always clad in magic power of death, is an object of fear in both
the Human Realm and God Realm, to the extent that those who were faint of heart
would pass out just by the mere sight of her.

Therefore, in this situation where the world wasn't stable yet, they couldn't
let her move around as she pleased.

“Kuromueina. Why is Isis so obsessed with the Human Realm and the God Realm to
such an extent? Are we not enough to divert her out of loneliness?”

[It's just a guess, but I think it's because we can't “truly” help Isis from her
loneliness. The reason for this is very simple. We have great power.]

“It's because we have great power?”

[Unnn. I think that Isis thinks the reason why we treat Isis normally is that we
are powerful enough to oppose her... or to put it in another way, if we didn't
have our power, we wouldn't have accepted her. What she's looking for is someone
who would unconditionally accept her... Even if she's not strong enough to go
against her, someone who will still take her hand without fear. I think that's
why she's trying to get close to the less powerful Humans, because she wants to
find someone like that.]

“...I see. However, that's impossible, isn't it? I can hardly believe that
there's a Human who can stand before her magic power of death.”

[...It certainly is difficult. Even Hikari-chan couldn't do it.]

The being that Isis seeks. A being who would accept her even without power to
oppose her... The chances of such a being showing up are almost non-existent.

Even the Human with the strongest heart that they know of, the Hero Hikari, was
also unable to face Isis properly. Her body was shaking before her, struggling
to get her words out.

That alone would be enough to say that she had a strong heart, but it was quite
lacking compared to the being Isis wanted to find.

Remembering the face of Isis, who was about to start crying just now, Kuromueina
and Lillywood sadly looked down.

The Land of Death, in the castle of ice.

Within it lives the Death King, Isis Remnant, who was shedding tears.

[...Uwaaahhh... Why... Why...]

She is a being born from the magic power left behind by a multitude of dead
beings. In other words, it can be said that her very existence has the concept
of death as her core.

Therefore, from the moment she was born, the magic power of death dwells within
her body, and this magic power of hers intimidates the people around her,
regardless of her intentions.

Isis is perceived as an object of fear by most beings in the Demon Realm. She is
a Spirit of Death, and even though her race was supposed to be quite close to
the Wights and Liches... even those who were under the Undead species feared
her.

She is a being who was named as one of the Six Kings, because of the threat she
was clad in, and is said to be the most dangerous of the Six Kings.

However, she had no intention of spreading death indiscriminately. She would
even try to be as friendly as possible with those who weren't turning against
her, but the magic power of death that her body was clad in won't allow it. The
only people who can face Isis without fear are those who have power comparable
to hers, but conversely, those who don't have such power fear her and keep away
from her without exception.

Thus, she was lonely.

Isis spent thousands of years holding onto that smoldering feeling. It would
have been better if things had remained as it is. If she had remained defeated
from this feeling, she might have been happy in some way.

Despair... is born when one hopes.

The moment the three realms, the Demon Realm, the Human Realm and the God Realm,
joined hands and her world expanded... A faint hope appeared in Isis' thoughts.

If the Demon Realm is no good... if it's the Human Realm or the God Realm... If
a being that accepts her exists, even if such being held no power to oppose her
magic power of death...

The great hope she embraced came back to her with greater despair.

No one would ever truly accept her for who she is. No one will take her hand,
from the bottom of their hearts. These overflowing emotions turned to tears, and
the king clad in death roared alone.

The one she's been seeking for thousands of years... It wasn't until nearly a
thousand years later that he appeared...

In one corner of the castle of ice, the Death King, Isis Remnant, quietly flips
the pages of the book in her hand.

Her expression is so tainted with loneliness that you can even feel the coldness
in it. The only sound that exists in that quiet castle is the sound of books
being read.

It has almost been a thousand years since the treaty of friendship between the
three realms, the Demon Realm, the Human Realm, and the God Realm. During this
millennium, the environment surrounding the Demon Realm has drastically changed,
and the Demons have been accepted by the Humans and the Gods as good neighbors,
and the world has expanded greatly.

However, the world surrounding Isis remains closed... Or rather, it has become
worse than it was a thousand years ago.

Currently, the Demon Realm and the Human Realm have very friendly relations with
each other, and the Six Kings, the pinnacle of the Demon Realm, were also
related to the Human Realm in their own ways.

The Underworld King, who was naturally sociable and kind, became a trusted
figure among the Humans and the Gods, and there were many followers of the
Underworld King, even among the Humans.

The World King was especially worshipped by the elves and some other tribes, and
in some regions, she has gained a large number of followers.

The War King has a rough personality, but his open and honest boldness and the
stoicism of his in regards to battles, making it that many adventurers pray to
the War King for victory when they are about to throw themselves into dangerous
battles.

The Dragon King provided the flying dragons under his command as a means of
transportation, and peddlers, in particular, began to think of the Dragon King
as a God of Commerce and carry around dragon ornaments as good luck charms.

Since the Phantasmal King changes his appearance frequently and rarely appears
in public, even Isis, who was among the Six Kings, doesn't know exactly know
what they're doing, but it was said that they have the largest amount of
subordinates among the Six Kings, and that they support the peace of the world
hidden behind the shadows.

And so, even the Six Kings had adjusted to the expanded world and established
their own standpoints... Yes, except for Isis, the Death King...

To be precise, one could also say that the standpoint of the Death King is also
changing. Yes, as an object of fear, that is...

She was considered as the most fearsome and dangerous among the Six Kings, and
was feared as the symbol of death by both the Humans and Gods. She was angry and
frustrated that all the other members of the Six Kings were on good terms with
the others, and she tried everything she could to establish good relations with
the Humans. However, it all ended in vain before the magic power of death that
she was clad in. Weaker than Demons, Humans are especially sensitive to the
emotion of fear, and as the World King feared, they had never accepted Isis at
all. The hope she held had turned to despair, and as she shed tears to the
extent that she can't shed tears anymore... Before she knew it, the despair she
held reached to the point that she could only feel resignation. As a result, she
rarely leaves her castle of ice except for the Festival of Heroes, and she
spends her days flipping through the vast number of books she has collected from
around the world.

She doesn't know whether she could call it fortunate or unfortunate, but she has
more money than she can spend. This is because there are many rare ores and gems
in the land of death where she lives, and many of them are coveted by many, she
had amassed a huge amount of money after giving permission to mine them, and
even if she doesn't do anything, huge amounts of money are still delivered to
her. At first, knowing that most of the Humans wanted them, Isis tried to offer
them free of charge, but she ended up frightening them instead. Regarding the
permission to mine, she thought that she had given them permission to mine
wherever they wanted and as much as they wanted, but those who were mining never
go near the area around Isis's castle, where the best veins of ore are located,
and as if they didn't want to provoke her, they were only mining a small amount
from the veins at the edge of the land of death.

And thus, she used the money she had earned to buy books to distract herself
from loneliness... but ironically, the loneliness of reading a book alone in her
castle has turned the loneliness she's carrying on her little shoulders to
become even greater, and as a result, her loneliness has become deeper and
darker in the last thousand years.

In the mountain range located in the northern part of the Symphonia Kingdom's
royal capital, Isis floats around. She rarely goes out of her home except for
the Festival of Heroes, but that doesn't mean she doesn't go out at all, as she
visits the Human Realm a few times a year. There are two main reasons for this:
the first one is to buy a new book, and the other is for her small hobby.

Isis has read thousands and thousands of books, but perhaps because she is
envious of the connections the other people had, among the books she read, she
likes to read novels that depict romance between men and women. She especially
liked stories about men and women of different status falling in love, as she
always read them eagerly, putting herself in the shoes of the female characters.
When she finished reading a novel she particularly liked, she would go and
collect some of the items and flowers that appeared in the story as a souvenir,
which had become a small hobby of hers.

This time, she had visited this mountain range because there was a scene in the
novel where the male protagonist went to pick a phantom blue flower growing on
the top of the mountain range to give to the woman he loved. But that's a story
that had been adapted into a fantasy novel, so the real blue flower that was
growing on top of this mountain range... the Blue Crystal Flowers may be rare,
but they are common enough that it isn't necessary for someone to climb this
mountain range, much less know if these flowers actually grow on top of this
mountain range.

However, collecting such items is her hobby, and Isis wanted to get the flower
in the same situation as in the novel as much as possible. The animals and
monsters that live in the mountains sensed her approach and began fleeing, which
is something that she's already used to. Isis doesn't seem particularly
concerned about it as she continues ascending the mountain. The wyverns who
happened to build their nest in her path were unfortunately visited by the
walking calamity of death.

[...Hindrances.]

After silently muttering so, Isis released her magic power of death towards the
surroundings, the wyverns' lives literally just ended and they began falling to
the ground like leaf beetles, forming into a mountain comprising of over 50
corpses.

Not paying attention to the fallen wyverns anymore, Isis walked past their
corpses and reached the top of the mountain, but unfortunately didn't find any
Blue Crystal Flower growing there. She did see several of them on her way to the
summit, but being a stickler to the source material, Isis wants to collect the
ones that grow on the summit if it's possible.

Thinking of searching atop the other mountains in order, Isis began floating
along the path she came from on her way here.

Thereupon, ahead of the direction she's traveling at, she saw a large number of
Humans in front of the wyvern's corpses, and as Isis approached them, she tilted
her head.

When the Humans, who were trembling as if they're frightened, saw Isis's
approach, their expressions turned pale, and the leader of the group bowed his
head, trembling in fear.

[D-Death King-sama...]

[...What are you doing here?]

[W-We are here t-to subjugate the wyverns.]

[...These ones?]

[Y-Yes?!]

When Isis called out to him, the man was clearly frightened as his voice
trembled when he replied. That's to be expected, for these humans, encountering
the Death King, Isis Remnant, outside of the Festival of Heroes is considered as
a calamity that means death, as some of the members of the subjugation team look
at her in tears, and some of there have already fainted on the ground.

In the Human Realm and the God Realm, she is known as a dangerous being who will
kill any beings she doesn't like, but as far as Isis is concerned, putting aside
unintelligent monsters like wyverns, she has no intention of needlessly hurting
Humans who haven't pointed his or her sword at her. However, the magic power of
death she was clad in creates an image of death against the subjugation team.
They had already had their own deaths in their minds many times, and their
instincts were intensely screaming for them to run away.

[..........]

In addition to not being able to find a single Blue Crystal Flower on the
mountaintop, their reactions clearly made Isis look slightly irritated. At the
same time, her emotions were evident in her magic power of death.

[Uwaahhh... Uwaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh?!]

Was he an adventurer? One of them shouted out and began running away, and as if
it had sparked the trigger, one after another, the members of the subjugation
team began to flee from that spot as fast as they could. However, it's only the
adventurers who ran away, and even though the members of the Knight Order may be
aware that they are carrying the fate of their country on their shoulders, their
bodies tremble to the extent that their armor clatters, but still they remain in
place and continue to bow before Isis. After coldly looking at such a scene,
Isis walked past the trembling knights with nothing more to say and began
walking down the mountains. She knows it herself, but their unreasonable
rejection towards her irritates her, and clearly looking displeased, she
descended the mountain.

She's been thinking about searching around the other mountains today, but after
meeting the subjugation team and getting into a bad mood, she doesn't feel like
staying in the Human Realm any longer.

After several days of searching through the surrounding mountains, Isis finally
found the Blue Crystal Flower at the top of a mountain, and was currently
heading for Symphonia Kingdom's royal capital. It isn't that she had any
specific purpose in mind, as she just wanted to buy some new books. When she
arrived at the royal capital, she found the streets deserted, with most of the
inhabitants confined to their homes. It may have been roundabout, but they were
clearly rejecting her...

However, this is already a familiar sight for Isis, and when she visits a city,
it's always the case that sooner or later, a situation like this would occur.

The only thing that was different from the norm was that there was a young man
standing at the end of the path that Isis was taking...

The young man looked at the approaching Isis with stunned and frightened eyes.
However, the frightened look on his face was different from the ones she had
encountered before. The members of the subjugation team she encountered a few
days ago were frightened because they knew what kind of being Isis was. On the
other hand, the young man looked frightened, as if he had encountered a
situation unknown to him.

[...What an unusual magic power... Are you... the Hero?]

[?!]

Because of his unusual reaction, and the fact that he was clad in magic power
that feels a little different from the Humans of this world, Isis asked,
thinking that this young man is the one who plays the role of Hero this year. If
he's a human from another world, there's a chance that he may accept her...
Isn't on her mind anymore. She has already tried that many times towards those
who hold the role of Hero back then. However, the result was nothing different.
She understands that she is also an object of fear to the otherworlders as well,
and Isis herself isn't particularly expecting anything different, as she had
just called out to him as a mere greeting.

[...I repeat... Are you... the Hero?]

She already expected that he would be like that, but when the shivering young
man didn't reply, Isis just asked him one more time.

Partly because she was frustrated by the evident rejection of the royal capital,
her words laced with a little bit of sullenness are released with the magic
power of death, and after the young man's shoulders twitched, he looked a little
frightened as he spoke.

[...I'm an... otherworlder, but... I'm not... the Hero.]

[...I see.]

Hearing the young man's reply, Isis was frankly a little surprised.

She honestly didn't expect him to reply to anything. She thought that this
conversation would either end with him trembling, unresponsive or him running
away in fear, but even as the young man trembled, he replied. To stand before
Isis who was clad in magic power of death, a person must have a certain amount
of strength in their heart. Moreover, the current Isis is in a very bad mood,
making the magic power of death she was clad in to be more vicious than usual.
He isn't as strong as the knight he saw earlier, but for him to be able to reply
even as she was displeased, something that knight couldn't do, this young man
may be a person with a pretty strong heart.

Slightly revising her perception to this young man, Isis holds out her hand
towards him.

[...I'm... Isis... Isis Remnant... Nice to meet you.]

[Ughh?! Aaaahhhh... ]

Isis herself knows more than anyone that this is just a futile act. This is only
a formality, as it's proper to hold out your hand to someone you're greeting. It
doesn't matter how strong-minded he is. As long as he's a living being, as long
as he doesn't have the power to oppose Isis, he wouldn't be able to hold the
hand that she offered to him...

[.............]

Looking at the hand that Isis held out to him, the young man clearly became more
frightened as he took a step backward.

This is the ending that she knows of... A natural event that has been repeated
thousands of times, something that will never change. These shackles... This
curse that she had been burdened with from the moment she was born.

Isis had no intention of blaming the young man for his reaction, as she tried to
gently back away from him so as to not scare him further.

—The scene that happened after that though isn't something that Isis knows of.
It's something that she hadn't expected.

A dry sound resounded in the silence, and the hand that was about to pull away
stopped.

[...Eh?]

Her astonishment unintentionally leaked out of her mouth. Before Isis's eyes,
the young man suddenly slapped his cheeks with both of his hands, and after
closing his eyes once... His eyes with strong will turned towards her. Those
eyes aren't those of the weak who are frightened of her, but they aren't those
of the strong who have the strength to oppose her like the other members of the
Six Kings.

They are the eyes of a challenger who is frightened and intimidated, but is
ready to face the challenges on his path. Isis was sure of it. The young man in
front of her is trying to challenge himself. Even with his weak body and meagre
magic power... Even as he doesn't have an ounce of strength to oppose Isis, and
yet, he's still trying to challenge her magic power of death head on...

Her heart began to greatly tremble, and that feeling that should have
disappeared long ago... The feeling of hope began to rise up from the depths of
her heart.

It's impossible. There's no way he can do it.

Despite the way her heart felt, she couldn't drop the hand she held out. No, she
strongly felt that she shouldn't put it down.

As if in response to the small wish Isis faintly held deep in Isis's heart, the
young man trembled and slowly... he's really slow in his advance, but his hand
certainly started to move a little bit closer. Clenching his teeth so hard that
it was bleeding, like he was enduring his fear... He's desperately trying to
respond to Isis's wish.

If she were to describe it, it's a miracle that could only happen at this moment
of time.

If Isis didn't like the book she read, she wouldn't have walked out of her
castle today.

If she hadn't found what she was looking for today, she wouldn't have come to
visit the royal capital unless she wanted to buy a book.

If she hadn't mistaken the young man for a Hero, she wouldn't have called out to
him.

And if the young man—Miyama Kaito, hadn't met Kuromueina, he wouldn't have tried
to challenge himself.

All of these varying factors meshed with each other like a miracle, and as a
result—this moment came.

After a really, really long time, Kaito's hand finally reaches Isis.

The wish that she had been hoping for thousands of years, and had almost given
up on getting it.

She, who had been despairing about why she was born with this kind of power and
for what reason she was born for.

She, who shed tears to the point that she couldn't shed tears anymore, lamenting
the changes around her... And yet, all the while, she continued to wait for such
an existence in the depths of her heart.

Even if he didn't have the strength to resist her magic power of death, he still
faced and overcame it, the being who could hold her hand...

[...My name is Miyama Kaito. It's nice to meet you. Isis-san.]

[....Uaahh..]

Directed towards her, the words were spoken with his gentle voice and the warm
smile he had... melted the ice that had enveloped Isis's heart.

And at that moment, Isis was strongly... really strongly convinced.

That she was born to meet this young man—to meet Kaito...

---

“How unusual. Isis, I never expected that you would visit me...]

[...Lillywood... What do you think... would be a good souvenir?]

“A souvenir huh? Are you going to bring it to visit someone?”

[...Unnn... I found... a friend.]

Lillywood became slightly surprised about the fact that she would receive a
visit from Isis, who doesn't often leave her castle, but her surprise became
greater when she heard the reason for her visit.

“You found a friend huh, is it a high-ranking Demon? Or perhaps, a high-ranking
God?”

[...No... a human.]

“...What?”

[...Like I said... a human.]

“Eh? T-That is... Is there someone among the Humans who hold that much power?”

Hearing the word human that Isis told her, Lillywood asked, looking unusually
distraught.

However, the asked Isis just looked at her in puzzlement as she tilted her head
in wonder.

[...Kaito... isn't strong though?]

“...Hmm?”

[...Compared to their knights... he was much weaker... he also had small magic
power...]

“And yet, this human had become your friend?”

[...Unnn... Kaito... he held... my hand... and he said that... I could visit
anytime I want... with a smile on his face.]

“...Is that human actually a monster...”

Hearing the words that Isis happily said while her cheeks were blushing red,
Lillywood looked stunned, as if she heard something unbelievable.

At least, Lillywood couldn't believe that a mere human could resist Isis's magic
power of death.

[...Kaito... said he's an otherworlder... but he's not a Hero.]

“An otherworlder? If his name is Kaito, is he male?”

[...Unnn... He was kind... and cool.]

“...That's strange. I've heard from my followers that attended the evening party
in the Symphonia Kingdom before that there was an accident in the summoning of
Hero this time... But I'm told that the otherworlders who attended that evening
party were that one man who held the role of Hero and two women though?”

Since Lillywood has many followers around the world, one of them had attended
the New Year's party held in the Symphonia Kingdom, and she had heard about the
accident regarding the summoning of the Hero.

However, she doesn't remember hearing about the existence that matches with the
person that Isis talked about.

[...Why... didn't Kaito... participate there?]

“I don't know, but it's certainly hard to imagine him having something else to
do around that time. At that point in time, it had only been four days since
they came to this world... In that case, it's possible that he's being unfairly
treated by the country...”

[......]

“Ah, no, it's just a possibility, okay? It's just one of the plausible reasons.”

[...I see.]

Seeing the obvious change in the atmosphere around Isis, Lillywood hurriedly
told her that it's just her guess.

“...Ummm, it's just hypothetically speaking, okay? But what if, hypothetically,
this Kaito-san had been unfairly treated?”

[...Whoever did that... I'm going to kill them all.]

“...N-No, let's calm down, okay? You look like you're going to destroy the
country...”

[...Any country that torments Kaito... should be destroyed.]

“..........”

Lillywood was convinced. If that really was the case, Isis would seriously kill
all those culprits, even if it meant destroying the Symphonia Kingdom...

Wryly smiling upon the words that Isis said with a straight face, Lillywood
hurriedly sent a transmission to her subordinates with her magic power and
ordered them to investigate this matter as soon as possible.

“H-However, look, if you do that, won't that kind Kaito-san that you mentioned
be sad?”

[...Ugghh... If Kaito will be sad... I won't destroy them... I will just leave
them half-dead.]

(For that Isis to obediently pull back... Seriously, what kind of person is this
Kaito-san?)

Isis's reaction, which is unthinkably honest compared to back then, surprised
Lillywood again, and she decided to talk with Isis about the first topic of
their conversation, a souvenir.

At first, Lillywood was skeptical about the existence of this unknown human, but
when she saw Isis looking really happy as she talked about Kaito, she also
naturally smiled.

(A person that Isis gets so much into. I'm a little curious about him. Come to
think of it, the festival of the elves will soon be held in the Symphonia
Kingdom... Fumu, that should be a good opportunity for me, I'll go visit them at
that time.)

[...Lillywood... Are you listening to me?]

“Y-Yes. It's your first visit there, so I think it would be better if you bring
something consumable. Since he's someone from another world, I think food from
this world might be good.”

[...I see... Lillywood... Can I have some... fruit from the World Tree...]

“I don't mind, but could it be that you're planning to bring that?”

[...Is that no good?]

“I'm not saying that it's no good, but it might frighten them away if you
suddenly bring something too expensive.”

Lillywood, who could be said to be extremely sensible among the Six Kings who
held each of their own unique personalities, let out a sigh after hearing Isis's
words, but still didn't complain and went along with her choice of souvenir.

It's something she hasn't seen for a long time now, and seeing Isis' heartfelt
smile he brought out... She's feeling a heartfelt gratitude to Kaito for melting
the ice in the Death King's heart...
