---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 5: A Gift to My Beloved Underworld King

The 26th Day of the Fire month. Just before the date changes, Fate-san, who
stayed at the Albert Duchy for the night, left the words “I won't give up! I
will continue to visit and get closer to Kai-chan, until you finally decide to
support me!”, before leaving.

Seriously, that person isn't even shaken at all... I feel like if she were to
redirect half of that enthusiasm to not work of hers towards her work, she would
be able to finish her work with ease and have enough time to laze around.

And now, as morning came the next day, just as she had told me, Lilia-san
summoned me to her office. When I knocked on the door of her office and went
inside, I saw Lilia-san with a solemn look on her face.

[Good morning, Kaito-san. I'm sorry for calling you early in the morning.]

[Good morning. No, it's alright. So, is there something going on?]

[Yes, about that... Who else is there?]

[...Unnn?]

Lilia-san asked me with her hands shaking slightly, but not immediately
understanding what she meant, I tilted my head.

[...Who else do you know? World King-sama? God of Life-sama? If you still have
any other acquaintances, please tell me already!!!]

[...........]

How should I say this... It seems that I had really driven Lilia-san to a
corner. She looked like she's already on the verge of tears... No, I'm really
sorry. Kuro, Shiro-san, Chronois-san, Isis-san, Fate-san, I feel guilty that
I've been meeting so many extraordinary people in a row, and that I'm really
giving Lilia-san a hard time. However, as for the other people I knew... and
those that Lilia-san didn't know about, that would be the general store shop
owner Alice, I guess? To be honest, since the first day we met, I feel like she
had this atmosphere around her that was different from the others... but I don't
feel the intimidation I felt from the Six Kings and the Supreme Gods. I think
she was probably a human, but I suppose I should still talk to Lilia-san about
her. With that in mind, I explained to Lilia-san about Alice for a while.

After listening to my story, Lilia-san patted her chest, looking somewhat
relieved.

[...Thank goodness. It's someone I don't know.]

[S-Somehow, I'm sorry.]

[N-No, I'm the one who should apologize for being oversensitive.]

Unnn. From now on, I'll try to report even the smallest details. While I was
thinking about this, I turned my gaze at Lilia-san's desk and found many
documents on it. It doesn't seem like they were letters, as although I can only
see it from a distance, it looks like they're accounting-related documents, as
there were numbers lined up in rows.

[Kaito-san? What's the matter?]

[Ah, no, it's just that this is the first time I've seen Lilia-san working...]

[Ahh, I see... I may be inexperienced, but I'm still in charge of many people's
lives. Also, I don't really feel comfortable leaving everything to others, so I
try to do the work I can do myself.]

To be honest, until I met Lilia-san, my image of nobles was that they were
always self-important and arrogant, but I've realized since coming to this world
that it was just my prejudice. Especially Lilia-san, who doesn't look like a
noble in a good way, but even though she's only one year older than me, she's a
splendid person that I wholeheartedly respect.

It seems that there are no important confidential documents among them, so since
it's safe for me to look at them, I look at the documents that Lilia-san is
dealing with from a little distance away from her. The fact that there are lots
of numbers lined up must mean that they're accounting-related, perhaps, she's
calculating the expenses and incomes.

Is it because the currency they use is different? It's not the same shape as the
one I know, but it serves the same purpose... but I think the one Lilia-san is
holding is this world's abacus.

As I watched the scene in front of me for a while, a question popped into my
head. I wondered if there are any calculators in this world or something like
that...

No, it's not like I'm saying that calculators are better than abacus in every
way. After all, if one is skilled in using abacus, they will be able to perform
calculations at a terrifying speed. However, that's only for a small percentage
of people... In fact, Lilia-san has been looking at the documents over and over
again, calculating each time while slowly moving the abacus.

I think that with her pace, she will take lots of time to finish calculating
everything.

I've put Lilia-san through lots of trouble already. I'd like to help if I could,
but unfortunately, I only learned about using abacus a few times in elementary
school, and I'm not particularly good at math. If I try to help with my
incapability, I would just end up being a hindrance. But if I had a calculator
here, I might be able to help Lilia-san with her work, and even if she didn't
allow me to help, it would certainly be able to improve her work speed.
Unfortunately though, I don't have a calculator at hand at the moment. To be
precise, I had a pocket-sized calculator in my backpack when I came to this
world but... The calculator is a mechanical technology of our world, and right
now, it's in the custody of the Goddess of Law.

Normally, I would have stopped there, but a thought came to my mind. There were
convenient items here called magic tools, supporting the livelihood of the
residents of this world, and some of them even have capabilities far beyond the
mechanical technology of my previous world. There are magic tools that act
similar to a lighter, and there's also a magic tool that functions like an air
conditioner. That's when I wondered if there was a magic tool that could perform
calculations like a calculator, and even if there wasn't one, I will just have
it made. However, I'm still a novice when it comes to this world, so I don't
know if there is such a magic tool or if it's really possible to make it based
on what I'm thinking. Hmmm. I guess the best way to find out is to ask the
creator of magic tools, Kuro, who is the most reliable source of information
when it comes to magic.

With that in mind, I leave the room so as not to disturb Lilia-san any further,
and as I walk down the corridor to my room, I put together in my mind what I'm
going to ask Kuro the next time she comes to visit.

That night, Kuro also came to my room as usual and I practiced magic for
self-defense. Kuro is a great teacher, and thanks to her lessons, I was able to
learn magic for self-defense at a considerable pace, and now, I could already
invoke it.

However, it seems like... not everything went as smoothly as it seems.

[Unnn. I think it's starting to take form but... Kaito-kun, using this magic too
much is no good, okay? It has a heavy burden on your body, after all. Well, I
guess you're already feeling it now...]

[...my whole body hurts.]

[See that? I'm gonna cast Recovery Magic on you, so stay put.]

I've learned a new magic, and as a result of that... I've been lying on the
floor with painful muscle ache all over my body, and seeing me like that, Kuro
wryly smiles before casting Recovery Magic on me. After a warm light envelops my
body, the numbing pain in my body eases.

The magic that Kuro taught me is a combat-oriented magic that's making use of my
Sympathy Magic, though it's also the type that has a backlash, and since the me
who doesn't have that much magic power can't use it for a long time, it's really
a magic that I could only in emergencies. However, it's a magic that fulfills
the demands I have in mind, and it has made a moderately amusing effect... Well,
I just hope I won't have to use it but...

[Speaking of which, I had something to ask, Kuro.]

[Unnn?]

[Is there a magic tool in this world that acts like the machine in my world
called calculator?]

[Kalkulator? What kind of teknolojikal mashin is that?]

It seems that calculators haven't been passed down by previous people who held
the role of Hero, so I go on to explain what a calculator is to Kuro. I wondered
for a moment why they've passed down mayonnaise and stuff like that but not the
calculator, but thinking about it, it has never occurred to me until I saw
Lilia-san struggling with her calculations. The reason is that as soon as I came
to this world, I entrusted my technological items to them, and somewhere in the
back of my mind, I had a preconceived notion that technological items are no
good in this world, and I didn't think that it would be possible to recreate
that with magic tools because I didn't know that magic tools can be made
individually.

The previous people who play the role of Hero probably also had the same
preconceptions. And most importantly, I heard that unlike me, that guy who's
playing the role of Hero is rather busy. They are traveling around the world in
a year to give speeches, so they would be more conscious about the food and
clothing around them, and compared to the books and other forms of entertainment
they may encounter on their travels, I think it's almost impossible to get
involved in anything related to accounting.

Thinking about this, I told Kuro about the calculator and asked her if there was
something similar here. If one doesn't exist, I also asked her if it's possible
to recreate it.

[...Is that something Kaito-kun thought of?]

[Eh? No, it was just a common tool back in my world.]

[............]

After she finished listening to my explanation, Kuro looked quite surprised at
first, then she put her hand on her chin and began thinking for a while.

[...I think that can be recreated. However, that's something I never thought
about. It's true that if you record the formula, you would be able to calculate
in an instant but...]

[But?]

[I didn't think about that at all. Magic and math are two different things, and
the idea of using magic to support calculation never entered my thought. Now
that you mentioned it, I was just thinking why I hadn't thought of that before.]

Now that she mentioned it, I think I can somewhat understand. The technological
machines we use back in our world... were products made by science, which are in
a sense, connected with mathematics right from the start. However, the magic in
this world is a separate entity from science, and it seems like they had no idea
of connecting it with mathematics. In that sense, the person who made the first
calculator and the computers must have been a real genius...

Kuro became silent again for a while, and after taking out a piece of paper and
pen, she began writing something on it. After she's done, her black coat spreads
out like a curtain and she calls out to it.

[Sechs, you there?]

[Is something the matter? Oya? If it isn't Miyama-dono? It's been a while.]

[It's been a long time, Sechs-san.]

From behind her coat, Sechs -san appeared, wearing a mask that looked like some
tribe might be using it in a ritual, and even though we've met before, I was
still surprised when a bony hand appeared. As I recall, from what I heard when I
met him before, he usually wears a ceremonial mask to make it easier to
distinguish him from other liches. It's certainly easy to distinguish him, but
this makes it look like he's at a carnival. Well, if that's his personal hobby,
that's not something I will interfere with.

After exchanging a brief greeting with Sechs-san when he appeared, Kuro handed
Sechs-san the piece of paper she had just written on.

[This is a magic tool that Kaito-kun had thought up, and I had written here the
technique needed to make it...]

[...This is... quite a brilliant idea!]

No, that isn't really my idea, I just gave her the details of a tool I had been
using back in my previous world...

[What do you think?]

[...This would start a revolution.]

[Can we start mass production?]

[Yes, as expected of Kuromu-sama. With this technique, we could make it fairly
cheap.]

Errr, what the heck's happening? I feel like the situation is getting bigger and
bigger.

For my part, I was just hoping that I could get Kuro to make a calculator-like
magic too and give it to Lilia-san, but Kuro and Sechs-san's reaction to it
somehow looks unusual.

[Kaito-kun. Can I make and sell this kalkulator at my company?]

[Eh? Ah, yeah. I don't really mind... or rather, it's not like I'm the one who
invented it.]

Kuro asked me with a somewhat serious expression on her face, and I replied that
it's obviously fine with me.

Thereupon, Kuro nods once before turning to Sechs-san.

[Thank you. Then, Sechs.]

[Yes, then, regarding Miyama-dono's right... How about “half of the net profit”
from this magic tool?]

[...Huh?]

Arehh? The flow of the conversation somehow turned strange. Half of the net
profit? Does that mean I'm getting paid?

[Basically, you'll be paid on a monthly basis.]

[Eh, no, could you please wait a sec?! I'm telling you this isn't something I
invented, this is something that came from my previous world...]

[That might be so. But in this world, Kaito-kun is the one who invented it.]

[Huh?]

W-What should I do? In short, this means that I'm the one who holds the patent
rights for the calculator, right...? Aren't patents something that would bring
in really large amounts of money? No, it's not that I don't like getting paid
either... I'm only going to be in this world for a year, and even now, I'm
feeling doubtful if I can even spend all the money that Lilia-san gave me...
Lilia-san? Ah, I can do that.

[For example, would it be fine if I were to hand over the rights to Lilia-san...
to Duchess Albert?]

[Yes, of course, that's fine. What to do with your right is up to you,
Miyama-dono. But if you want to do this, I think it would be better to have
Duchess Albert in this conversation as well.]

[You're right. Ah, that's right. Sechs, you're going to visit Lilia-chan next
time, right? Why don't you bring Kaito-kun in on the discussion then?]

[Fumu, that could work... for the meantime then, let's make this magic tool and
let's see it in action.]

[Ah, that would be thankful.]

It seems that it's a done deal that they would make a calculator (temp) for me,
which should make Lilia-san's job a lot easier. To be honest, I just need enough
money to enjoy this world, and if Lilia-san doesn't mind it, I'm fine with
handing over all of that rights to her.

After discussing this matter for a few moments, Sechs-san said that he would
start working on the production before leaving.

[So, Kaito-kun. You mentioned earlier how you wanted to ask something, what is
it?]

[Errr... This really isn't something that needed immediate attention...]

When Kuro asked me what I wanted to discuss with her next, I asked her about
that matter regarding Alice's general store. After giving her a brief
explanation about the magic tools that Alice made, I asked her if she would be
willing to help her sell them. Thereupon, Kuro silently thought about it for a
moment before she spoke.

[...Unnn. From what I heard, she makes good magic tools, and I can talk to one
of my companies about selling them... but I can't give you a definite answer
until I see her creations myself.]

[I see...]

[If it's possible, I'd like to go to that store and talk to the shop owner.
However, I'm sorry. I don't think I'll be able to make time this month... If
she's free next month, I'll check my availability and contact her.]

[Unnn, that's okay. Rather, that really helps.]

It seems that Kuro herself is going to be the one directly doing business with
her. As one of the leaders of the Demon Realm, I'm sure Kuro has a very busy
position, so I really appreciate that she readily accepted my request.

[It's Kaito-kun's request after all. I'll help you as much as I can. Well, if
her products aren't good enough, I'll clearly tell her no, okay?]

[Unnn. Thanks.]

[Fufufu, your welcome... Is there anything else?]

[No, that's all. That's really helpful.]

I've finished talking to Kuro about all the things I wanted to consult with her.

As I watched Kuro start to eat baby castellas with a bright smile on her face, I
thought for a moment. This isn't something I needed to think twice about, but I
really am quite indebted to Kuro. Kuro is kind and patient for someone you
wouldn't expect from someone who looked so young. That's why I couldn't help but
depend on her. Though I say that, I feel like I've always been depending on Kuro
since I came to this world, so I'd like to express my gratitude to her if it's
possible. However, even if I were to tell her about it, she would most probably
just tell me to not worry about it.

[...Kaito-kun? You had something in mind?]

[...Unnn? I'm just slightly thinking about Kuro...]

[Eh? A-About me? Ah, I understand! What Chronois-chan said has been bothering
your mind, right? Fufufu, you don't have to be embarrassed about it. If you ask
now, as a great service, I'll give you a hint...]

[No, I don't really care about something like that.]

[“Something like that”?!]

However, even if I want to express my gratitude, as to how to do that... After
making a big show of saying “I'll ask her out next time” at our previous date, I
think it'd be deplorable to invite her on a date as a way to say my thanks. In
that case, I guess it's better to give her something as a present. That being
said though, what should I give to Kuro, the richest person in the world and one
of the pinnacles of the Demon Realm?

[Kaito-kun? Oiiii\~\~]

[..........]

As for accessories, I had that in mind. The necklace that Kuro wanted during our
previous date... which I actually bought back then. However, it would apparently
get torn apart when she goes into her Demon Beast Mode, whatever that means.
That necklace would need some tinkering, so it would be difficult to give it to
her as a present immediately.

[Kaito-kun's ignoring me...]

[...........]

Isn't there something good I could give her? A gift that even I could quickly
prepare and that will make Kuro happy... Hmmm.

[Mnhh, fine! If you'll keep on ignoring me, I'll eat all of these baby
castellas!]

[That's it!]

[Hyaaahhh?! W-What's with you all of a sudden?]

[Isn't that exactly what I need...]

[Eh? W-What?]

That's right. When one thinks of Kuro, it would be baby castellas! If I ask
someone to teach me how to make baby castellas, even I should be able to make
them.

[Alright! Then, starting tomorrow...]

[Starting tomorrow? What's happening?]

[...Secret.]

[Eh? Now, I'm curious... Hey, Kaito-kun. Tell me?]

[I definitely won't tell you.]

[Muuuu.]

It's not that I would be troubled if she knew about it, but since we're at it, I
thought I should keep this a secret. Chuckling at Kuro, who cutely puffed out
her cheeks in protest, I began thinking about my plans for tomorrow.

The 27th Day of the Fire month. I decided to make my own baby castellas as a
thank you to Kuro. The protagonists in the stories who live alone are often good
at cooking, but unfortunately, my life alone hasn't awakened such a talent in
me. The retorting technology has been incredibly amazing lately. Frozen foods
and retort pouches were already enough for poor college students like me to
eat.[^retortingtech]

Even though I was living by myself, I could only cook stir-fried meat and
vegetables. Of course, even if I tried making sweets by myself, I knew that I
wouldn't get a good result. No, I mean, I did try making an apple pie before and
it ended up being a failure.

[...And that's why, Sieg-san, please teach me how to make sweets.]

[.............]

Probably surprised by what I had said, Sieg-san pointed at herself and tilted
her head. The first person who came to my mind when I thought of someone to
teach me how to bake was Sieg-san. The cookies I had received from her before
were really delicious and tasted gentle, so I wanted to make a baby castella
like that one.

[I understand that Sieg-san is very busy, so if it's too difficult, you can turn
me down.]

[.............]

Sieg-san is the leader of the security team at the mansion... She naturally has
a lot of work to do. Thus, I think it wouldn't be strange if she didn't have the
time and refused. As I waited for Sieg-san's answer, she took out a piece of
paper and a pen.

“I'm not that skillful to teach others, but if you're still fine with me...”

[Yes! I'm in your care.]

“I understand. I still have some work though, so how about this evening?”

[That would be really great.]

I repeatedly bowed my head to Sieg-san and thanked her for her agreement.
Thereupon, Sieg-san looked as if she was thinking about something for a moment,
before she wrote some new words on her paper.

“You could easily acquire the ingredients, so that won't be any problem... but
what about the baking mould?”

[...Ahh.]

I-Indeed, I can't make baby castellas without a baking mould. C-Can't I make it
like how cookies were made? Guess not huh? H-However, where do I get a baby
castella's mould? I mean, is that even something sold somewhere in the first
place?

[I-I'll search for one.]

[...........]

Realizing that that would be a problem before I could even be taught how to make
sweets, after bowing to the nodding Sieg-san, I headed back to town. A few
minutes after leaving the house, I visited the general store that I had been
frequenting recently.

[...Hey, are you selling a baby castella baking mould here?]

[...What would you even use that for... If you want to eat baby castellas,
couldn't you just go buy at a nearby stall? While you're at it, buy some for me
too.]

I tried to ask Alice, but her reply didn't meet my expectations.

[No, I was actually thinking of making homemade baby castellas to give to
someone I know...]

[...Can't you just make cookies instead?]

...Understandable. I don't know how to refute that. N-No, but if I'm going to
give Kuro a gift, I'd rather give her food that she likes...

[I'd like to give her baby castellas if possible... I guess it would be
difficult huh?]

[Well, I don't have it in my store. However, if you really need one, “I can make
it”, you know?]

[Eh? Can make it, the baby castella baking mould?]

[Yes, as I mentioned before, I make everything in my store.]

I-I see... Indeed, looking at her products, Alice is also capable of smithing.
That means, I can ask her to make a baking mould for me.

[...Can I ask you to make one?]

[Kaito-san is my only regular after all\~\~ Even if I'm like this, I'd like to
help you if possible but...]

[...But?]

[Well, Alice-chan is just too hungry and can't move. Ahh, even though I'd like
to do my best for Kaito-san... This is heart-breaking.]

[...I'll go buy something at a stall.]

[You can count on me! In Alice-chan's hands, it won't take long to make a baking
mould or two!]

...This bastard. As soon as she sees an opportunity to take advantage of me, she
lunges upon it like a hyena. She really has a great personality... Even though I
somehow feel like I lost, my shoulders slumping, I decide to just dismiss it as
a necessary expense.

[So, how much will it be?]

[Are you talking about the cost? The time?]

[Both, I guess?]

[Let's see, I've already got enough materials on hand, so the price... How about
100R?]

10,000 yen huh. Since I'm having it made to order, it's cheaper than I expected,
so I guess it's not a problem. After nodding my head and telling her that I'm
fine with that price, Alice took out her pocket watch and continued.

[As for time... Unnn. I think I can make it in “about an hour”.]

[Eh? That fast?!]

[Fufufu, nothing is impossible for Alice-chan.]

[...How about you stop spending your living expenses on gambling.]

[Ah, that's imposs—Fugyaaahh?!]

Dropping a smack on Alice's head as usual, I also checked my pocket watch.
Instead of waiting here for an hour, I might as well buy some of the ingredients
from the list Sieg-san taught me. I'll also get the food I promised Alice.

[Well then, Alice. I'll go shopping for a bit. I'll also go buy the food I
promised you earlier, so I'll count on you to make the baking mould.]

[Yes, yes. Please leave it to me.]

Leaving a few words to Alice, I left to go shopping. Then, when I came back an
hour later, I found that the baking mould had been made just as I had requested.
It's quite large, but according to Alice, it can be heated by ordinary Household
Cooking Magic Tools.

Thanking Alice for her help, I handed over the money along with the food I
bought from a stall, and was about to leave when I suddenly thought of
something, so I decided to ask about it too. Returning back to the mansion,
Sieg-san told me she had time that evening, and she taught me how to create baby
castellas. It's actually not that hard to make a good baby castella. It took
some time to get used to moderate baking them, but making them in itself was
quite simple. Yes, if it's just making them...

[...Hmmm.]

It's great that I learned from Sieg-san and tried making them a few times, but
when Itried tasting them, I just couldn't get the taste right. No, it does taste
delicious, but they aren't as good as the baby castellas Kuro usually brings.
Well, the baby castella that the baby castella-loving Kuro eats must be a good
one, so it might be wrong for an amateur like me to try to compete with it.
However, I'd like to have a little ingenuity in my baby castellas. Since she
still had a job to do, it was difficult to ask Sieg-san to stay with me any
longer, so I just took her advice and decided to think about the rest on my own.

Sieg-san said that it might be good to try kneading something into the dough, so
I've been thinking about what I could fill in it. I wonder what I could knead
into the dough... Matcha? In the first place though, I don't think I've found
any matcha tea here. No, wait. I'm forgetting something important here. If I
don't know Kuro's preferences, I wouldn't be able to make something she'd be
delighted about.

In that case... Alright, I need to make preparations. Deciding to find out what
Kuro likes later, I rushed out to do some shopping. That night, I put some
sweets in front of Kuro, who visited me as usual.

[...Kaito-kun? What are these?]

[Which one of these flavors do you like, Kuro?]

[Eh? Unnn.]

Keeping the main topic under wraps, I asked Kuro to compare these sweets.

[...If it's among these, this would be what I like.]

[Fumu fumu.]

Strawberry jam cookies huh, I see... Before Kuro, who answered even while she
tilted her head in wonder, I took out more sweets from the magic box.

[Then, what about among these?]

[H-Hey, Kaito-kun? What kind of experiment are you doing here?]

[...Secret.]

[This too?!]

[A-Anyway, this is something really important. Eat and compare them, then I'd
like you to tell me which one you liked.]

[U-Unnn.]

At any rate, I'm not very good at lying, so I decided to just forcefully push my
way through the situation.

[...Hey, Kaito-kun? How many times are we going to repeat this?]

[Forty-eight times more.]

[That many?!]

Ignoring Kuro's confusion, I forcefully investigated Kuro's tastes and
preferences. As a result, it seems that Kuro likes fruity flavors and especially
likes sweet things. On the other hand, she doesn't really like bitter things, so
I'm going to use this as a guide in planning my ingredients for tomorrow.

28th Day of the Fire month. I've been staring at the various ingredients in the
kitchen since early in the morning. I know that Kuro likes fruity flavors, but
trying to add it to baby castellas would be quite difficult. If I put jam
inside, it would be just like rehashing the baby castellas I brought me, and I
don't know if kneading jam into the dough would work either. I wish I could have
talked to Sieg-san, but she seemed to have gone out early this morning, and I
wasn't able to find her. While I was thinking about this matter for a while, the
door to the kitchen opened and a woman wearing a chef hat came in.

[...Oya? Miyama-kun, you came to sneak out breakfast?]

[Good morning, Head Chef... No, I was actually slightly troubled with
something.]

I'm on good terms with the Head Chef who works at Lilia-san's mansion, to the
extent that I talk to her once in a while. She had apologized for using poor
quality ingredients in my meal when I first came to this mansion, and we began
to talk from time to time. That's right, I could ask the Head Chef about this! I
know that the Head Chef's skills are top-notch from the daily meals she serves,
and compared to the other servants, it's easier for me to consult with her.

[...There's something I'd like to consult with you, so would it be alright, Head
Chef?]

[Unnn, is that something that could be done while I'm making breakfast?]

[Ah, yes. It's alright.]

As the Head Chef cooked breakfast, I briefly explained the situation to her.
Thereupon, the Head Chef looked like she was thinking about this for a moment,
before she took out a bottle from the cupboard.

[...If that's the case, what about adding some “Flower Nectar”? It's the
specialty of the Symphonia Kingdom after all.]

[Is that so?]

[Yeah, the Symphonia Kingdom is richer in nature than the Archlesia Empire and
Hydra Kingdom after all. Here, have a little taste.]

[...Ahh, this tastes great. It also wasn't as strong as I thought...]

The nectar that the Head Chef gave me tasted had an elegant flavor with a
definite sweetness, and I feel that this would be something Kuro would like. I
think I can add it to the baby castellas as a syrup, so I can make use of this.

[This is the only one I have here, but you can find other kinds at specialty
stores. If you're going to add them to baby castellas, I'd say go with the Maple
Flower's nectar.]

[...Is that a famous flower?]

[It's a nectar that goes well with pancakes and the like, but it's quite
precious of an ingredient. The flowers that produce it do grow in clusters in
the western part of the royal capital, but the harvesting method is rather
special, making it difficult to harvest.]

[...I see.]

[If you know someone who's good at magic, I think you would want to harvest them
yourself. That way, you'll get a higher quality produce than what's being sold
on the market.]

The Head Chef's recommendation, Maple Flower's nectar really does sound very
good... but if I want to get a good quality product, it would be better if I
could directly harvest them myself.

[If you're going to harvest them... Just know that there are some monsters in
the western mountains, so have Milady arrange an escort for you.]

[I understand. I'll keep that in mind.]

[Yeah, do your best. I'll teach you how to add them to the batter later.]

[Yes!]

After thanking the Head Chef for her cooperation and bowing to her again, I left
the kitchen. However, I see, there are monsters there huh... I guess that means
I can't go there by myself huh. On the other hand though, I've been causing a
lot of trouble for Lilia-san, so I don't feel comfortable troubling her to
arrange an escort for me. I wonder if there's anyone else I could ask? Someone
strong, knows a lot about magic, and would be willing to help me on a short
notice...

After finishing lunch, it was midday and I was waiting for someone in front of
the castle gate in the western part of the royal capital. When I told Lilia-san
that I wanted to get the nectar from the Maple Flower, she immediately tried to
arrange an escort for me, but when she heard the name of the person I asked to
accompany me, she immediately canceled it. Well, I don't think I'll need any
other escort since the person who's going to accompany me is amazing. When I
talked to her about this matter through a hummingbird, she agreed to escort me
despite my urgent request, and now we're meeting up like this. As I waited for a
while, the people who were around the gate started to leave, and the area around
the gate was engulfed in silence.

Thereupon, the person I was waiting for appeared.

[...Kaito... Good afternoon.]

[Good afternoon, Isis-san. I'm sorry for making such an unreasonable request.]

[...No... Being of help to Kaito... makes me happy.]

Yes, I asked Isis-san, whom I've recently met and been communicating with via
hummingbird, to be my escort and guide. Isis-san is one of the most powerful
people in the world, and she has read a lot of books, so she was quite
knowledgeable. She's also kind enough to willingly respond to my urgent request.
Well, when I mentioned this to Lilia-san, she only said “Death King-sama as your
guard? No more, Kaito-san is scary...” and held her head in her hands...

[...Maple Flower Nectar... right?]

[Yes. The harvesting method was apparently special though...]

[...It's alright... I'm able... to do it.]

[That's really helpful.]

[...Being relied on by Kaito... makes me happy.]

As Isis-san said this with a bashful smile, she looked so lovely that I wondered
if she was an angel.

[...Well then... Let's go.]

[Yes. Errr, was that place far from here?]

[...It's a bit far... so let's fly.]

[Eh? Fly?]

As soon as I tilted my head at the words she said so matter-of-factly, a
scaffold made of ice appeared beside Isis-san. It's a disc with a diameter of
about 1m and a thickness of 5 cm or so, and it's slightly floating over the
ground. Am I going to ride this?

[...Errr, Isis-san? Is it safe to ride this?]

[...Unnn... This is imbued with magic... so it won't break even if you ride it.]

[I-I understand. If you'll excuse me.]

Upon Isis-san's urging, I timidly got on the ice that was floating in the air.
It certainly was as Isis-san said, the ice didn't break and was surprisingly not
slippery at all. It also doesn't feel cold at all, probably because it was made
with magic. And at the same time as Isis-san's body floated within a pale blue
light, the ice slab I'm riding on also begins to move. I don't know if it's the
effect of magic too, but I don't feel any wind and don't feel like I would lose
my balance.

[...I'll slightly... go faster.]

[Uwoohhh?! A-Amazing!]

The ice slab slides along the street at the speed of a car... No, at the speed
of a train. Unnn, magic really is amazing. Well, maybe because it's Isis-san
that she's able to do all these amazing magics...

Thanks to the ice slab, we reached our destination in about 10 minutes. It seems
that the Maple Flower we were looking for grows in the middle of the mountains,
and when we arrived there, we climbed up the mountain at a relatively gentle
pace. However, since I'm only riding on an ice slab, I feel as if I'm moving
around in a ropeway.

[...It's a beautiful mountain.]

[...Unnn... This place... is full of flowers.]

I see, it seems that the ice slab has been slowed down so that I can take it in
an unhurried manner. Thank you very much. However, while I was moving around,
knowing that my safety is guaranteed, I noticed something.

...Nothing's around us. No monsters, no beast, no bird, and not even a single
insect. The mountain is eerily silent. I don't have to think about the cause,
it's most probably because of Isis-san's magic power of death... All the animals
that live in this mountain must have escaped. It's as if there's no other living
thing in the world but me... So this is the scenery Isis-san sees huh... How
much loneliness was she really in?

[...Kaito?]

[Ah, no, the scenery is so beautiful that I'm fascinated. Is the Maple Flower
ahead of us?]

[...Unnn... Just a bit more.]

As I replied with a smile to regain my composure, I saw a slightly open area out
of the corner of my eye. I don't know if I should describe it as a plateau or
not, but it was a flat land located in the middle of a mountain, where many
flowers grow in clusters. It was a very beautiful place.

[It's also beautiful here.]

[...Unnn... Ahh... Over there... That's the Maple Flowers.]

[Oh? Ohhhh... They're bigger than I imagined.]

When I turned my gaze in the direction that Isis-san pointed, I found red
flowers about the size of a sunflower. Those flowers were apparently the Maple
Flower. Their size looked like one would be able to take a lot of nectar out of
them.

[Speaking of which, I only heard that you need a special way to get the Maple
Flower's nectar, but what exactly do you need to do?]

[...You make the Maple Flower... feel stressed... to harvest their nectar...
Normally... You pressure them using magic power... Today... You should be able
to easily harvest them.]

[I could?]

[...Unnn... Kaito... Hold your container... under the Maple Flower.]

[I understand.]

Doing as Isis-san told me, I held the large bottle in my hand under the Maple
Flower. After that, Isis-san approached the Maple Flower and lightly touched it
with her hand. Thereupon, a huge amount of nectar overflowed from the Maple
Flower and began spilling out. The nectar it leaked out was quite an amount, and
after repeating the process several times with different Maple Flowers, the jar
was filled with nectar.

[...In other words, the Maple Flowers felt a great deal of stress from being
touched by Isis-san... It kinda looked like a sorrowful sight, as if the flowers
were rejecting Isis-san.]

[...You filled it up.]

[...Yes. Thank you very much.]

[...Should we go home?]

I'm not sure if Isis-san is aware of this or not, but even though she's smiling,
her expression looked somewhat sad.

[...Ummm, can I have more of your time?]

[...Eh? ...Unnn... I'm alright with it... Do you still have... other flowers
you'd like to harvest?]

[No, it's just, we've come to a beautiful place, you know? How about we take a
stroll together?]

Somehow, I didn't want to go home with her mood like this. If it's possible, I
would like to see a smile on Isis-san's lips before we go home, so I invited her
to go for a stroll.

[...Unnn.]

[Well then, let's take a leisurely look around.]

After confirming that Isis-san agreed, we walked together through the
flower-filled plateau. There are big flowers, small flowers, and even though
there is a flower bed in Lilia-san's mansion, there are many flowers here that
I've never seen before. As I walked along, occasionally turning my head to look
at Isis-san, who was floating alongside me, a certain plant suddenly caught my
attention.

[Ahh, this is... a white clover? So this also exists in this world huh.]

[...Does that flower... also exist in Kaito's world?]

[Yes. They're often used to make crowns.]

[...Crowns?]

Finding a lot of white clovers, it was such a nostalgic scene that reminded me
of my childhood.

[Yes... Please wait a moment.]

[...Unnn?]

Isis-san tilted her head when she heard me mention making crowns out of white
clovers. Seeing this, I picked out the largest white clover I could find in the
area and picked it up. Then, when I've gathered a certain number of white
clovers, I start braiding them, reminiscing about the past. As if she's seeing
something unusual, Isis-san curiously looked at my hands.

[...Kaito... That's amazing... You're really dexterous.]

[...My late mother's parents lived in a place rich in nature... She taught me
how to make them and I've made these several times.]

[...Is.... that so.]

...It feels really nostalgic. Come to think of it, when Mom first taught me how
to make it, I was looking into her hands just like Isis-san is looking at mine
now. Just like that, as I talked to Isis-san about my childhood, I was able to
make a small flower crown.

[And here's what it looked like.]

[...Amazing... It looks beautiful.]

When I showed her the finished flower crown, Isis-san cutely clapped her hands
in praise. Thereupon, feeling a little bashful, I placed the flower crown on
Isis-san's head.

[...Eh?]

[Unnn. Isis-san is really beautiful after all, so it looks great on you.]

The white clover crown looks great on Isis-san, who has the appearance of a
princess. As if she was surprised by my actions, Isis-san's eyes were wide open,
looking rather puzzled. Seeing such an Isis-san, I smiled and continued.

[...It's my thanks for the flower you gave me back then. ...Well, I guess it's
rather cheap huh?]

[?! ...No... That isn't... the case at all.]

Telling Isis-san that it was thanks for the blue flower... the Blue Crystal
Flower, I wryly smiled. Shaking her head when she heard my words, Isis-san
touches the flower crown with her trembling hand. Then, as if she's handling a
fragile object, she picked it up and held it in front of her chest, taking care
not to crush it in her embrace.

[...I'm glad... Really... glad... I'll take good care... I'll always...
always... take good care of it.]

Seeing Isis-san, who had tears in her eyes, but smiled with sincere happiness,
she looked so cute that I couldn't help but feel my cheeks blushing.

[N-Now then! Since we're here anyway, let's take a look around more!]

As if to cover up my embarrassment, I stood up and called out to Isis-san.
Isis-san nodded her head... and then...

[...Unnn!]

Saying this, just like a blooming flower... No, I don't think there's any flower
around us that could match the beautiful smile she had right now. Isis-san is a
very strong person, but there's this delicateness about her that makes one want
to protect her. I can't understand the loneliness Isis-san experienced in the
past. At best, I can only imagine what she must have felt like.

[Isis-san, thank you very much for today. If it's alright with you, let's hang
out together again.]

[...Unnn... Kaito... I love you!]

Still, even if it's just a little bit, if being with me helps to heal her
loneliness... I'm very happy and honored to do such a thing.

With the help of Isis-san, I was able to get my hands on some Maple Flower
nectar, and after returning to the mansion, I immediately tried my hand at
making baby castellas. Having learned a lot from Sieg-san and the Head Chef, I
went through a lot of trial and error. Then, when I finally made baby castellas
that I'm satisfied with, I put them in the magic box and waited for Kuro to come
visit me. When it was about 9 o' clock at night, Kuro, who I have long-awaited
for, appeared with her usual bright smile.

[Kaito-kun! I've come to visit!]

[Welcome.]

[Arehh? Kaito-kun, you looked like you're in a good mood today. Did something
good happen?]

[Ah, errr...]

She noticed real fast?! Seriously, is she an esper or something?

[Eh, arehh? ...Kaito-kun, I can smell baby castellas from you. Ah, I got you
now! You've been eating delicious baby castellas without telling me?]

...Should I be surprised that Kuro can tell that through smell, or should I be
happy that the most important part hasn't been exposed...

I mean, I took a bath before she arrived though?! How the heck can she smell
that? I knew it, Kuro really is the Baby Castella Spirit, right? A-Anyhow, with
the flow of the conversation, I think it's better if I just hand those baby
castellas to her.

[...Errr, Kuro.]

[Mnhh, you could have invited me... Unnn?]

[...Here.]

[These are... baby castellas?]

When I took out the plate of baby castellas from my magic box and placed it on
the table, Kuro had a surprised look on her face.

[...U-Unnn. I hope I've made them well...]

[Eh? T-These are made by Kaito-kun?]

[Y-Yeah... It's just, ummm, I've always been under Kuro's help... so I was
thinking of how I could express my gratitude...]

Ahh, this is bad, I feel really embarrassed. My face is extremely flushed, I
can't speak well, and most of all, I can't look Kuro directly to her face. After
a few moments between Kuro and I, she spoke.

[...Kaito-kun... made these for me?]

[U-Unnn.]

[...T-Thank... you. C-Can I eat them now?]

As Kuro asked me with an expression of disbelief, feeling the heat on my face, I
nodded. The Maple Flower's nectar tastes kinda like orange marmalade... I think
it's pretty tasty, but I wonder what she thinks about it? We're talking about
Kuro here, she has an unparalleled passion for baby castellas, so I wonder if it
suits her palate? Picking up one of the baby castellas, she brought it to her
mouth. Then...

[...Ahh.]

After softly muttering, she turned her face away. A-Arehh? Was it no good?

[...K-Kuro? Was it not tasty?]

[D-Don't look here.]

[...Eh?]

When I timidly asked her, Kuro's response wasn't about the taste, but to tell me
not to look at her. While I'm tilting my head at her unexpected response, Kuro
softly spoke.

[...My face has turned bright red... so don't look at me.]

[Ehh? E-Errr...]

[...This is just unfair. I'll definitely... become happy about this...]

After muttering in a soft, quiet voice, Kuro turned her face towards me.
Unusually for her, her cheeks are slightly blushing and she has an embarrassed
expression on her face. Seeing the gap between the usual her and the face she's
making right now, making me feel really conscious about it.

[...Kaito-kun.]

[Eh? Y-Yeah.]

Arehh? Why the heck am I really tense right now? I should have just given Kuro
baby castellas as thanks for everything...

[U-Ummm... Thank you. It was delicious. The best I've ever had.]

[I-I feel like you're exaggerating a bit...]

[No. It really tastes great. They taste so great that it feels really wasteful
to eat them.]

[I-I see... If Kuro's happy with them, that's great.]

W-What the heck is with this mood right now?! I can't speak well, and I'm
strangely nervous. Kuro's beautiful silvery-white hair swayed, and I could see
the bashful smile on her face quite clearly. Feeling like my body's going
number, I could hear my heart beating really loudly. C-Calm down, I don't think
it's a good idea to continue talking like this. Let's just divert the
conversation to another topic...

[Speaking of which, are these made with Maple Flower nectar?]

[Eh? Yeah, you guessed right.]

[Fufufu, my hobby is eating while walking after all.]

[Come to think of it, I guess that really is the case huh.]

Thanks to Kuro suggesting a different topic, I felt that the tense atmosphere
around us eased up a little bit, and I was somewhat able to have a calm
conversation with her. Kuro also seems to have returned to her usual self, as
she started talking about her hobby of eating while walking.

[The jams from fruits and other stuff from Symphonia Kingdom are delicious,
aren't they?]

[Speaking of which, wasn't the Symphonia Kingdom rich in nature?]

[Unnn. The Elven Forest is even here.]

When I heard the word “Elven” from Kuro, I suddenly remembered about the Sacred
Tree Festival. I've briefly talked to Luna-san about it, asking her about other
festivals as well, and it seemed like the best one to go to around this time
really would be the Sacred Tree Festival. Thus, I'm planning on inviting
Lilia-san to participate in the Sacred Tree Festival soon.

![Insert 5](../../_Images/v02/Insert5.png#.insert)

[...Kaito-kun. Come here.]

[...Why are you tapping your thighs?]

[Lap pillow.]

[...Eh?]

While I was thinking about the Sacred Tree Festival, Kuro, who had moved to the
bed for some reason, was tapping her thighs with a bright smile on her face.

[W-Why so suddenly?]

[Hmmm\~\~ I don't know why, but I kinda wanted to give Kaito-kun a lap pillow?]

[...E-Errr.]

[Come on, quickly.]

[A-Alright.]

Overwhelmed by the happy smile on her face, I walked towards the bed and placed
my head on Kuro's thighs. Her soft, warm touch naturally gives me a sense of
security, and just laying down here immediately makes me feel sleepy.

[...Kaito-kun. Aren't you a little tired?]

[U-Unnn. I guess I might be so.]

[Then, you can just sleep like that, you know?]

[...I guess I'll do that.]

Was it because I trusted Kuro? Hearing her gentle voice makes me feel more and
more sleepy. Looking at Kuro's smile, which really warms my heart, my
consciousness sank into slumber.

[Seriously, Kaito-kun's getting cooler and cooler... He's even making my heart
skip a beat now.]

Just before I fell asleep, I felt my head being gently patted along with those
words.

---

Symphonia Kingdom, the Audience Room.

This was originally a place where people would receive the audience of the King
of Symphonia Kingdom, but the current situation was very different from how it
normally is.

The King had stepped down his throne and bowed to his guest, while the Prime
Minister and the other important people in the country also took a similar
posture, a scene that is rarely seen by the public.

This is only because the person who has come to visit has far more authority
than the king.

“I apologize for my unexpected visit.”

[No, it would always be my honor and delight to see your face. “World King,
Lillywood Yggdrasil-sama”.]

That's right, the one who is currently visiting the royal palace... is one of
the Six Kings, the pinnacles of the Demon Realm, and the one who had deep
connections with the Symphonia Kingdom for a thousand year, the World King,
Lillywood Yggdrasil. For the Symphonia Kingdom who had an abundance of nature,
she's the being who brought about their bountiful harvest and is truly the most
important guest for the Symphonia Kingdom. Someone that they shouldn't express
any disrespect at all.

“I will be quick, Symphonia's King Ryze Lia Symphonia XVIII.”

[Y-Yes!]

Hearing her quiet voice echo, Symphonia's King... Ryze's shoulders twitched.

The voice that announced just now was cold and intimidating, which was unusual
for the very mild-mannered Lillywood.

“I heard that you made dissatisfactory treatment against the otherworlder Miyama
Kaito by deliberately not inviting him to the evening party.”

[T-That is...]

Receiving Lillywood's words, Ryze's face turned pale and he broke out in a cold
sweat.

That one is an issue that's been bothering Ryze very much lately... No, it was a
mistake of the past. He loves his younger sister, Lilia, very much and he didn't
like the idea of a man staying at her house... However, the other party was an
otherworlder, and he couldn't just recklessly threaten him. That's why he didn't
send him an invitation as a small way to harass him, but it caused him an
unexpected situation.

After that one incident, the Underworld King Kuromueina has clearly become
hostile towards the royal palace, and as if someone had told them something, the
followers of the Underworld King, who are also numerous in the royal palace,
began to dislike Ryze. He tried sending emissaries to the Underworld King a few
times, hoping to somehow get a chance to plead his case, but they were all sent
back by a maid, half-dead. Because of this, Ryze's position in the royal palace
had become quite bad, but he didn't expect to be pursued further by Lillywood
here.

Ryze tried to somehow explain the situation to her, but Lillywood stopped him
from speaking further and spoke to him with a voice colder than before.

“Don't get me wrong... I didn't come here to ask you a question. I've already
heard everything I need from my followers and know that what they're telling is
the truth. Or perhaps, do you think my people have been lying to me?”

[...N-No, they didn't make any mistake.]

“...I'm not here to ask whether that act was done by you personally or that was
the will of the country itself.”

No sound could be heard at all. The King's retainers also couldn't speak either.
To speak out to her, is in itself, an act of opposition to the World King, and
if they do so, they will lose their position. That's how important the existence
of the World King is to the Symphonia Kingdom, and if they were to touch her
anger, there is no other path for Symphonia Kingdom but destruction.

“Let me tell you the real issue here. There's only one thing I'm telling you to
do. To make a “clear and sincere apology to the otherworlder, Miyama Kaito, in a
public venue”, do you understand what I mean?”

[Y-Yes... H-However, that is...]

The demand of Lillywood, that is to say, for the King to bow down in public, is
a tremendous blow to Ryze from the eyes of the public. While Ryze hesitated in
his reply, Lillywood just looked at him coldly before she continued.

“If this isn't done as soon as possible... I will cut off all ties with the
Symphonia Kingdom from now on.”

[?!]

At those words, not only Ryze, but all the people who heard her had their eyes
wide open.

It's not an exaggeration to say that Lillywood is the one who controls the
fertility of the Symphonia Kingdom, and not to mention the Elves, many of the
farmers also have faith in Lillywood as if she was a God. If Lillywood were to
give up on the Symphonia Kingdom, many of the Elves, Fairies, Spirits, and
farmers would turn their weapons to the royal palace at once. These words, so to
speak, were so heavy that they could even be considered a declaration of
destruction for the Symphonia Kingdom.

“Is that clear? Symphonia's King.”

[Y-Yes. I will do it as soon as possible.]

“Good... However, I don't think this is a good way to end our conversation. So,
I think I'd like to share with you some information that may be beneficial to
you.”

[Beneficial information?]

Thereupon, the sharpness Lillywood had before softened, and with a smile on her
face, she gave him additional information.

“What I want to say is that it is beneficial for you to interact with the
otherworlder Miyama Kaito. That's because he has a very friendly relationship
with the Underworld King and the Death King.”

[Wha?! Not only Underworld King-sama, but also Death King-sama?!]

“Yes, so if you're against him, you'll be against them as well. However, if he
had a favorable impression towards the country, it means that the value of this
country will also increase for the Underworld King and the Death King. It
wouldn't hurt to be friendly with him.”

After explaining the benefits of being friendly with Kaito, Lillywood stayed
silent for a few moments. The shocking revelation conveyed by Lillywood caused
those in the audience room to be noisy, and after the noise subsided, she spoke
again.

“...I've finished telling you what you need to know. I will be leaving for
Rigforeshia after this, so I will take my leave. Symphonia's King... I would
like to see a prompt response about that matter I just mentioned before.”

[Yes. I assure you, I will give him my sincere apology.]

“Good. Well then, if you'll excuse me.”

With those words, Lillywood's figure disappeared from the Audience Room.

After leaving the royal palace, while Lillywood thought about her plans, she
recalled the conversation she had earlier.

(That should do it. Just forcing an apology from him will cause some people to
hold a vile grudge against Miyama Kaito-san. It's best to make them realize that
he's someone they should treat with friendship, even if he has to bow down to
him.”

Having such a thought in mind, a tired expression appeared on Lillywood's face.

(I didn't want to denounce an individual like him but... if I don't do this,
Isis would destroy this country.)

Yes, the reason why Lillywood asked Ryze for a public apology was to quell Isis'
anger. No, if it was only Isis, she could still have persuaded her, but if
Kuromueina joins in, it would really be the end of this country.

(Well, from my followers' investigation, Symphonia's King did send out a
“personal” letter of apology, so he technically did apologize to him. However, I
wonder why Isis and Kuromueina didn't know about this letter?)

It was understandable why Lillywood questioned this, but this was actually Ryze
getting his just deserts. Ryze doted on Lilia so much that he sent her a lot of
letters on a regular basis. It was enough to make even the gentle Lilia want to
kill him...

As a result, Albert Duchy has taken a policy of “disposing of every letter that
was sent by him not as the King, but under his personal name, Ryze”, and as a
result, the letter of apology didn't even reach Lilia. Putting aside if it was
in the royal palace, Lillywood doesn't have any followers that work in Lilia's
mansion, so it's not surprising that she doesn't know about this.

(Well, if I just talk about that, things should be alright. If it's possible,
I'd like to meet this rumored Miyama Kaito... but it would be rude to suddenly
visit him without notice. I should first go as scheduled, visit the Sacred Tree
Festival at Rigforeshia, and I could then make plans to visit according to my
schedule.)

[^retortingtech]:
    Retorting technique is a means to process food, an alternative for the
    traditional canning method, packaging it in a laminate of flexible plastic
    and metal foils.
