---
toc: true
---

# Epilogue

As I stopped writing in my diary, I looked at the starry sky outside the window.

It's been almost a month since I came to this world. Even though I had been
rather confused in the beginning, I think I've gotten used to this world and
I've been enjoying my life here a lot lately. There's indeed the fact that I'm
talking with Kuro every day, but I think I'm getting more fulfilled in other
ways as well. Among the servants in Lilia-san's mansion, there are those like
Sieg-san that I get along well with, and it's getting easier for me to spend
time in the mansion. Sieg-san taught me how to make sweets and cook various
dishes.

As for the problem regarding how I've got too much time on my hands, I've
recently made a rather unusual friend named Alice, and there's also Isis-san,
with whom I can talk about books.

The Sacred Tree Festival, which I've been discussing with Lunamaria-san, will
apparently be held soon, but we still need to consult Lilia-san about that.
There's also the matter regarding the calculator that I've requested from Kuro,
so I probably need to talk to her about that too. I also wanna hang out again
with Isis-san, and get my revenge match against the pro gamer Alice. Thinking
about all of this, there are so many things I want to do, and I feel like I'm
really fulfilled right now. It seems like a lie that just a month ago, I've been
apathetic about my daily life.

Just as I was about to continue writing in my diary though, a blue magical bird
appeared on my desk.

[...It's from Isis-san.]

I've been communicating with Isis-san through Hummingbird, a magic that
functions like mail. It seems that snail mails won't reach where Isis-san lives,
so it was inevitable that we communicate through this. When I lightly touched
the hummingbird, blue letters appeared in midair.

“...Kaito... Don't stay... up late... too much... Good night.”

Seeing Isis-san's heartfelt message of concern for my health, which is very much
like her, I couldn't help but smile. I realized that such a trivial exchange
makes me very happy. After seeing the message from the hummingbird, I also sent
a “good night” to Isis-san and after adding a few more things in my diary, I
went to sleep. I have a feeling that I'm going to have a good dream today.

Dear Mom, Dad—A lot of things may have happened, but I'm living a very
fulfilling life in this peaceful world.
