---
toc: true
---

# Intermission: Tea Party of Black and White — The Supplier of Incorrect Knowledge

In one corner of the God Realm, the presence of two people sitting opposite each
other in a floating garden full of colorful flowers.

A silver-white-haired woman and girl sat across each other at a table with cups
of black tea placed in front of them. They look like sisters, but on one hand is
an expressionless woman with long hair, pure white clothing and ideal
proportions. While on the other hand is a young girl with frequently changing
expressions with semi-short hair, black clothes, and an appearance of a very
young girl. Other than the color of her hair and eyes, you could even say that
it was like they were opposites.

[Heeeyyy~ Shiro, let's have some girls' talk.]

[Girls' talk?]

[It was when girls get together, and talk about their love lives!]

[...I don't remember Kuro having a gender though?]

[I have the appearance of a girl now, so you could say I'm a girl!]

Receiving Kuromueina's words with a cheerful expression on her face, Shallow
Vernal blandly replied in a voice without any intonations.

Although one of them's a god while the other's a demon, they have been friends
for a very long time, and they frequently chat over tea like this, and today,
just as usual, the conversation began with Kuromueina bringing up the topic out
of the blue and Shallow Vernal calmly answering her.

[See, even Shiro thinks that you would like to try feeling love, right?]

[I don't really think so though?]

[This is where you say that you also think so, even though it may be a lie!]

[Well then, even though it's a lie, I think I'd like to try it out.]

[Unn, unnn. In that case, I'd be happy to talk to you about it!]

Even when Shallow Vernal replied to her without any emotion at all, it seems
like Kuromueina was already used to it, or perhaps she didn't seem to care at
all, and just went on with the conversation.

[However, Kuro has never been in love either, right?]

[Ugghh... T-That's totally not true at all. I have received confessions multiple
times before...]

[As far as I know, all the people who have expressed their love to you are
“women” though?]

[...I'm totally popular.]

[Rather than popular, in your case though, most of them had gone past having
feelings of love to you, they were literally “worshipping” you. Doesn't that
mean you also haven't felt the feelings of love yourself?]

[Uuuggghhh...]

Receiving Shallow Vernal's honest words, which are told in a voice without
intonation, Kuromueina looked crestfallen as her shoulders slumped down.

It's true that there are many who dearly love Kuromueina, whether they're Humans
or Demons. However, just as Shallow Vernal said, the majority of them don't hold
romantic feelings, but feelings of worship and loyalty. There's also the fact
that Kuromueina herself is one of the pinnacle beings in the Demon Realm as the
Underworld King, making it that there's almost no one who can be said to have
such feelings for her.

Hence, although she had proudly suggested that, the fact is that Kuromueina also
had no experience in love either.

[I-I just haven't had that encounter yet!!]

[How many years do you think you've been alive?]

[...A-About 18,000 years...]

[That number sounds a lot fewer than I know though?]

[I'm a girl! I'm allowed to cheat my age for a bit!!]

[It doesn't really make much sense to me though...]

Even though she still doesn't have any intonation in her voice when she said
that, Shallow Vernal has a faint dumbfounded expression on her face. In order to
switch the flow of the conversation, Kuromueina decided to forcefully proceeed
with the previous topic.

[Anyway, we're going to have a girls' talk today!]

[I don't really mind, but what are we going to talk about?]

[Hmmm~~ I guess we'll start talking about our preferences! What kind of boy
would Shiro like to be in love with?]

[Let's see... First of all, as a prerequisite, I think it should be someone I
hold interest in.]

[...With just those few words, you basically eliminate almost every being in
this world from being a candidate...]

There really aren't many beings that Shallow Vernal holds interest in. Or
rather, even Kuromueina, who has known her for a long time, only knows that the
amount of people she holds interest in can be counted in one hand.

In the end, this response from Shallow Vernal was equivalent to saying that she
evidently had no intention of falling in love.

[How about you, what kind of partner would you like to have, Kuro?]

[Hmmm. In my case, as expected, I'd want a cute child~~ I'd like to have a child
who seems anxious because of not knowing anything, but still, they would desire
for something. I'd like a child who I can teach various things like that~~]

[That's just your definition of a baby bird, isn't it?]

[Ugghhh... That's true but... if I'm to talk about someone I like, it would be a
child like that...]

[Even if you find someone like that, don't you think that neither of you would
hold romantic feelings for each other because you raised that child yourself?]

[Uggghhhh... N-No, that's not all! It's like after I found a child like that, I
would feel some kind of spark! It's like feeling that meeting that child must be
fate!!]

[...It's because they're all women, isn't it?]

[Uggghhh... Why aren't there any boys that make me feel that spark~~]

After her sharp, expressionless tsukkomi pierced through her heart again,
Kuromueina looked crestfallen as her shoulders slumped once again.

It's true that Kuromueina has met a special person among the baby birds that she
was quite fond of... But they were all females in terms of gender, and none of
them were male.

[Hmmm. Love is quite difficult, isn't it?]

[That it is.]

In the end, the two of them, both of whom have never been in a relationship,
didn't get much out of their conversation and eventually concluded that love is
difficult to find and ended their conversation.

[Ah, speaking of which, I was wondering, how do children in another world fall
in love? Is it just like how people fall in love in our world?]

[I don't know. Shall we see for ourselves?]

[Unnn. I'll leave that to you~~]

As if Kuromueina suddenly thought of an idea, she asked Shallow Vernal about
love in another world. Shallow Vernal also doesn't know anything about how it is
in another world either, so she suggested that they should look into it.

Fortunately, they are performing the Festival of Heroes this year, and even the
one who plays the role of Hero is currently traveling to every place to perform
his greetings.

Receiving Kuromueina's nod, Shallow Vernal moves her finger in a circle in the
air. Then, the space started blurring and shaking, and in that space rift, they
could see a ceremony taking place in some country.

It seems to be the scene where the person playing the role of Hero is giving a
speech, a black-haired otherworlder standing on a platform with knights lined up
behind him, and they seem to be in the middle of talking about something.

[It seems like they're just saying their greetings. By the way, Shiro, which of
the boys lined up there do you prefer if it's just based on looks?]

[I don't really see the difference between them.]

[Is there something wrong with your eyes, Shiro? Do you see them as potatoes? Do
all of them look like potatoes to you?]

[What about you, Kuro?]

[Eh? There doesn't seem to be anyone with the eyes of a baby bird, so I'm not
interested in any of them!]

[...I feel like what you're feeling isn't any different from mine though.]

It seems like the otherworlder and the knights on the stage weren't to their
liking, and after exchanging a few words about how neither of them was
interested, Shallow Vernal shifted her gaze to the young man who played the role
of Hero.

[...Fumu, it appears that this person has been in love with a woman from the
“2-D” world.]

[Tsudi? What's that?]

[It seems to be a different world in the other world.]

[Is it like how we have the God Realm and the Demon Realm?]

[Perhaps...]

Peeking into the mind of the young man who played the role of Hero, Shallow
Vernal picked out something related to love from his mind and spoke about it.
Kuromueina herself seems to be unfamiliar with that content, as she waited for
her next words with a curious expression on her face.

[Apparently, women in that 2-D world quantify their fondness for their partner
in terms of a value called “Affection”.]

[Eeehhh?! They're quantifying the contents of their hearts? The things in the
other world really are awesome~~]

[Yes, as you encounter and engage in conversation with your target, you
accumulate a value called “Affection”, and when it reaches a certain point,
something called “event” occurs, which seems to bring you closer to them.]

[E-Ebent? What is it like?]

After hearing what Shallow Vernal told her one after another, Kuromueina asked
her, leaning out of her chair with a curious look on her face.

[It looks like they were going shopping together and sharing a meal.]

[Fumu fumu, after you encounter them and talk with them, they would go out and
have a meal together... But, isn't that how it normally is? I mean, even if you
don't have that Afexion or anything like that, isn't that how it normally ends?]

[No, it seems like that isn't where it ends... it seems like after you have
accumulated enough affection, you can receive a powerful weapon or an item
that's useful for your adventures.]

[After you get along and fall in love in another world, you get a weapon from
your partner?! Not like an accessory or something like that?]

[Yes, it seems like monsters appear in the 2-D world, so it might have been a
pretty harsh place to live in.]

[I-Is that so... So there are also monsters in the other world.]

At this point, if someone from another world had heard them, there would have
been lots of points that they had tsukkomi'd about. First of all, she had only
read all the things related to the word “love” from that person's mind, and yet,
there's a fatal flaw from the information given by Shallow Vernal, someone who
looks at everything equally.

That's right, she only perceives the 2-D game world and the real 3-D world as
the same, and since she has only extracted the necessary information, without
caring about the quality of each information, depending on who hears it, they
may only get a severely one-sided information from her.

Unfortunately though, there is no one here who can correct them.

[And not only that, it seems that the women who are the target of their love
would become stronger by the increase of their affection.]

[Eeeehhhh?! Children from another world get stronger when they fall in love?!]

[It seems so. It appears that there are even some cases where they can also
learn magic.]

[They can also learn magic because of love?! ...Afexion is awesome!]

[Yes, but that affection seems to exist basically only on the female side.]

[Eh? Is that so... Then, when I love a boy from another world, we would
accumulate afexions, and after experiencing an ebent, I guess we should give
them a present.]

[Yes, I think it would also be easier for you to get to know the otherworlders
better.]

[Ehhh~~ I'll remember that.]

And thus, another piece of incorrect knowledge from another world appeared...
and was handed down to a small part of this world.

And fortunately or unfortunately, exactly 10 years after this... Not even God
could have predicted at this point that one young man would be subjected to all
of these incorrect knowledge.

[Before that, neither you nor I have anyone to fall in love with though...]

[Ughh, t-that's not the case. The guy who'd definitely bring about that spark
would appear!]

[...Rather, since you can change your gender, it doesn't matter if they're a
woman, don't you think?]

[...I'm a girl.]

[No, you're a being that doesn't have a gender.]

[If I say I'm a girl, I'm a girl!!!]

Worked up by what she heard, Kuromueina puffed up her cheeks, but Shallow Vernal
only nodded without seeming to care about Kuro's feeling.

[I see... Well, there are plenty of beings like you who can change their gender,
so I suppose there isn't any problem with that.]

[Yes, yes, someday, a nice guy will appear!]

[Well, when someone hasn't appeared in tens of thousands of years, I can already
see what happens.]

[Gunununu...]

Kuromueina herself also thinks that the possibility of such happening is slim,
but being told by that as if it's the most obvious thing in the world still
annoys her. However, her opponent is so airheaded that it's hard to think of a
good counterattack.

Thus, Kuromueina could only puffed up her cheeks and looked away unhappily, but
after a little while, she seemed to have thought of something and grins.

Thereupon, she turned to Shallow Vernal and took a bag of baby castella out of
nowhere.

[I made this before, “but they tasted really bad”, so I'll give them to you,
Shiro.]

[Thank you.]

[...Eh? N-No, no, Shiro? I'll say this again, okay? These baby castellas tasted
really bad, so I'll give them to you, Shiro!]

[Thank you.]

Kuromueina thought Shallow Vernal wouldn't like it if she gave her unpalatable
baby castellas, but Shallow Vernal just easily accepted it, making her confused
instead.

[...N-No, like I said. These tasted really bad, you know? ...Are you alright
with that?]

[Yes.]

[I was trying to bully Shiro by forcing these upon you, you know...]

[Thank you.]
