---
toc: true
---

# Prologue

Dear Mom, Dad—How are you doing?

It seems strange to ask two deceased people how they're doing, but I hope you'll
just ignore that part. It's been a little over two weeks since I was summoned to
another world on my way home from college. I've come to this peaceful world
where three realms and three races live together as close neighbors, and
although there are some things I'm still confused about, I think I'm having a
lot of fun here.

Caught up in the summoning just like me was the 2nd-year senior highschooler,
Kusunoki Aoi-san. Then, there were her two kouhais, the 1st-year senior
highschoolers, Yuzuki Hina-san and Mitsunaga Seigi-kun. The three of us, aside
from Mitsunaga-kun, who had been invited to play the leading role in the
once-in-a-decade Festival of Heroes, are being cared for at the residence of
Lilia Albert-san, a Duchess in Symphonia Kingdom.

Lilia-san was a very kind person. She was sincerely concerned about us, who had
been caught up in this incident, and took care of us so that we could enjoy this
world.

In the beginning, I didn't have the presence of mind to enjoy this world.

While my mind was riddled with various thoughts, I met the Demon girl,
Kuromueina. My encounter with her, who was as cheerful and adorable as a child,
and yet as patient as an adult, was the catalyst that enabled me, who had been
hiding within my shell after the death of my parents, to look forward and walk
further.

It seems that Kuro's true identity is that of one of the Six Kings who reigned
at the top of the Demon Realm... The Underworld King, and she's actually one of
the most powerful beings in the world. Well, from what I feel, I could only see
her as my cute and reliable friend.

[...Kaito-kun? You writing in your diary again?]

[Unnn. Kuro doesn't seem like someone within the Six Kings at all.]

[Ahaha, I can't refute that.]

Sitting on the sofa, Kuro talked to me while eating a baby castella. Seeing her
cute actions, I couldn't help but smile. Just a few days ago, I had the first
date in my life, and I realized that I'm captivated by Kuro. However, I haven't
made any significant progress in my relationship with her yet.

Perhaps, that's because I myself still haven't found a solid answer to the
matter of “falling in love with someone from another world. Well, it's not
something I could immediately answer, and I've still got a lot of time. Let's
not rush ourselves and take our time, and search for what I myself want. With
those thoughts in mind, I looked at the clock and saw that it's almost time for
me to go to bed. I suppose it's time to stop writing in my diary and start
getting ready for bed.

[Unnn? Kaito-kun, you're going to bed?]

[Yeah, I'm about to.]

[I see. Then, I guess it's time for me to go home too...]

Seeing my movements, Kuro also got up from the sofa and started preparing to
leave.

[Well then, Kaito-kun. Good night, see you tomorrow~~]

[Yeah, good night. See you tomorrow.]

Good night, see you tomorrow... I think the fact that we can exchange such a
simple exchange as a matter of course, is a really happy matter. At least, after
the death of Mom and Dad, I had no one to exchange such words with.

As Kuro waved at me with a dazzling smile, I waved back at her and saw her off.
