---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 3: The Death King Cometh

The 22nd Day of the Fire month. I leisurely walked down the corridor while the
morning sun shines through the windows in the hall leading to the dining room.
Just yesterday, thanks to the book written by Kuro, Yuzuki-san was able to use
her magic power successfully.

They were going to start practicing actually activating magic today... but since
they're also otherworlders, I guess they would also be able to use unusual magic
like I did?

As I had such thoughts in mind, I walked down the corridor and arrived in front
of the dining room. I woke up early today, so I thought there would be no one in
the dining room, but when I walked in, I saw someone and reflexively bowed my
head.

[Good morning.]

[Umu, you're up early. That's a good attitude to keep, Miyama. Humans only have
a finite amount of time, so try not to waste it.]

[...]

I shut the door in silence.

That's strange... I somehow have a feeling that there's someone here that
shouldn't have been here. Did I open up the wrong door? That must be it...
Alright, let's try again with more gusto!

[...What the heck are you doing?]

[That's supposed to be my line instead... Why are you here, “Chronois-san”...]

Yes, in front of the table in the dining room, there sits a Supreme God who was
supposed to rarely visit the Human Realm except at the Festival of Heroes... the
Goddess of Time, Chronois, and she was drinking tea there like it was normal.

On a side note, regarding the way I call her, it's just that I've been calling
the Creator God “Shiro-san”, by her name in our previous conversation, and so,
she strongly said that she won't allow me to call her with a “-sama” attached to
her name, so I ended up calling her by her name, Chronois-san.

[Me? I am here at Lilia's request. I told her before to call me if trouble
occurred... Well, I didn't expect it to happen this quickly nor did I think it
was because of the worst case possible...]

[No way, did something happen?!]

[...]

[Eh? Ummm... Chronois-san?]

Hearing Chronois-san speaking like an emergency happened, I hurriedly asked
since I thought it would be something that would require the presence of
Chronois-san, a Supreme God but... Chronois-ssan made an expression like she was
really dumbfounded, and as her red and blue heterochromatic eyes turned towards
me, she let out a sigh.

[Well, I guess I can understand the troubles that Lilia is going through with
this guy. I came here because of that situation that you went into. You... I
heard that you became acquainted with the Death King?]

[Eh? Ah, yes. Isis-san and I became friends two days ago.]

[That power of yours that blesses you with connections may as well be a curse
huh. What has happened that you have found the Death King in such a short period
of time...]

[N-No, it's really just a coincidence that I met Isis-san...]

[I know that. Still, it's quite unusual for someone to get to know two of the
Six Kings in just around twenty days... especially the Death King... It's not
that the Underworld King dragged you and introduced you to her, right?]

[...Yeah, well.]

That's a sound argument I can't refute at all.

Indeed, carefully thinking about it, the people I've known since I've come to
this world are truly some of the most powerful people in this world, and some of
them hold the highest position in status... You could describe it as fortunate
in some cases, but you could also describe it as unfortunate. I could understand
why someone would describe it as a curse.

However, let me say one more thing—aren't you also included among that group of
outrageous people I've met?

[Moreover, to have been acquainted with the Death King of all people you could
meet... If it was someone like the World King, she would have been someone easy
to talk to...]

[Is Isis-san really that feared by everyone?]

[That one is pure, in both good and bad ways. That's also why she's so much
worse than the other members of the Six Kings. There are many occasions when she
doesn't make sense.]

[...]

Hearing Chronois-san's words makes me feel a little complicated.

I know that I haven't exchanged that many words with Isis-san yet, but I think I
know that she's not a bad person. Isis-san seemed really happy when she was
talking to me... That would mean that she was probably lonely all the time, and
that's also how I feel from the emotions I could read with my Sympathy Magic.
Feared as a monster by both the Demon Realm and the Human Realm because of the
magic power of death she was clad in, and being constantly exposed to the gazes
of fear, I can't even imagine what it felt like being in her situation.

That's why I couldn't agree with Chronois-san's comment about Isis being bad, so
I just replied with silence. Thereupon, Chronois-san nodded once with a somewhat
impressed look on her face, and right at that moment, something that looked like
a blue bird appeared before me.

[...Eh?]

[...A hummingbird... Good grief, speak of the devil and she appears huh.]

[Errr, what's this?]

[Just think of it as a convenient way of communicating through long distances
using magic, just like a short letter delivered by messenger birds. Touch it,
and her message should appear.

As I'm surprised by the sudden appearance of the blue bird, Chronois-san gives
me a brief explanation about it. Touching the blue bird, it disappears and glows
in a bluish-white light in the air before disappearing.

“...Today... Afternoon... I'm coming... to meet you.”

That's freaking scary!!! Did she just send me a cursed letter?!

A-Anyway, it seems like this message came from Isis-san, and it looks like she's
coming to visit today. Chronois-san looked at the message and muttered “I guess
it's a good decision for me to come huh.” before she stood up from her seat and
left the dining room, heading towards Lilia-san's room.

It's currently past noon, and me, Lilia-san, Lunamaria-san and Chronois-san
gathered at the entrance of the mansion to welcome Isis-san's arrival. It's
clearly different from when we welcomed Kuro, we were now greeting her with just
a few amount of people instead of that time where there were lots of people who
welcomed Kuro as under Chronois-san's direction, the feeble-minded and those
with little magic power were ordered to stay in their room, which also includes
Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san.

I don't know if it's because Lilia-san and Lunamaria-san are very anxious, as
they are both repeatedly correcting their posture with a pale expression on
their faces while waiting for Isis-san's visit any moment now.

[...You don't have to worry, Lilia. You just have to follow my lead.]

[C-Chronois-sama...]

Chronois-san calms Lilia-san with lines that only ikemens would say, and
Lilia-san looks at Chronois-san with eyes that look like she's relying on her.

It appears that Lilia-san and Chronois-san had some kind of mutual understanding
in those talks they had before... I don't know if it's because they're
sympathizing with each other about being troubled with the higher ups, but it
seems like Lilia-san relies on Chronois-san very much.

As we wait within that tense atmosphere, a bluish-white light appears around the
gate, and behind that light, Isis-san appears. Dressed in the same gothic-lolita
style dress she had before, she began floating her way in slowly approaching my
way.

I don't know if it's because my body had already gotten used to her magic power
of death since that time I met her, I'm not feeling the same way I did but...
Looking at Lilia-san and Lunamaria-san who were repeatedly trembling, it seems
that her magic power of death manages to reach where we stand even within the
distance between us.

And just like the ikemen she is, Chronois-san naturally moves Lilia-san behind
her, protecting her from Isis-san's magic power of death.

When Isis-san notices me, she has a happy expression on her face as she speeds
up a bit to get in front of me.

[...Kaito... Good afternoon... I'm sorry... for the sudden visit... I'm not a
bother, am I?]

[Good afternoon... It's not like you're a bother or anything like that. It's
good to see you again, Isis-san.]

[...Ahh... Unnn.]

Isis-san timidly asked me, so I returned her greeting with a smile on my face.

Thereupon, Isis-san smiled like a blooming flower and happily nodded her head...
As I thought, I really can't imagine her as a person that's hard to please.

[It's been a while, Death King.]

[...Chronois? ...What are you... doing here?]

[I know the homeowner of this place... At any rate, it seems that you had come
to visit at a reasonable time.]

[...Lillywood said... it would be rude to visit around noon... and I should wait
until afterwards.]

[I see, it's the World King's advice huh... I guess that's to be expected from
the so-called Conscience of the Six Kings.]

To Chronois-san, who speaks to her in a vigilant manner, Isis-san replied
without seemingly bothered by her.

[Anyway, why have you come here today?]

[...I've come... to visit Kaito... Ah, Kaito... Here... I've brought some
souvenirs.]

[Eh? Thank you very much. I'm sorry for the trouble.]

Isis-san announced as if she suddenly remembered it, and held out a basket of
some kind of fruits, and as I'm wondering if I should accept it while
disregarding the homeowner, Lilia-san but... since she's currently look pale
while trembling behind the Chronois-san, I decided to accept it and convey my
thanks. Thereupon, Isis-san happily smiled again and as her cheeks were slightly
red, she spoke.

[...If you're happy with that... I'm also... happy.]

[...Who the heck is this woman?]

Looking at Isis-san, who was fidgeting as she adorably poked her fingers
together and shyly smiling, for some reason, Chronois-san had a dumbfounded
expression on her face.

After finishing her greetings to me and Chronois-san, Isis-san looked around
once and finally settled her sight on Lilia-san.

[...The homeowner?]

[...Y-Yes. M-My name is Lilia Albert.]

[...Nice to meet you.]

[N-Nice to meet you too.]

Ah, I see. She wanted to say her greetings to the homeowner, but she didn't know
who the homeowner was, so she looked around for any people that might look like
it. When Isis-san asked so, Lilia-san nodded her head with clear anxiousness on
her face.

Even that Lilia-san is so frightened to this extent... I wonder how dreadful her
magic power of death originally is?

[No, the pressure she's releasing is considerably less today. Her mind greatly
influences the magic power of death she's releasing, so she must be in a very
good mood today.]

Sensing the doubts that came to my mind, Chronois-san whispered more
information.

It seems that her magic power of death was greatly affected by her emotions, so
if Isis-san is in a bad mood, she would look more atrocious, and conversely, if
she's in a good mood, she becomes less intimidating. Perhaps because of that,
Lilia-san is also able to properly converse with her even though she's still
trembling, so Chronois-san also looks at both of them with a slightly relieved
expression on her face.

[...By the way... there's one thing... I want to ask you...]

[Eh? W-What is it?]

[...New Year's evening party... Why is it... that only Kaito didn't attend?]

[Hiiiihhhh?!]

Isis-san's voice clearly becomes lower, and Lilia-san reflexively jumps back.

Perhaps, Isis-san is releasing a rather atrocious magic power of death. Not only
Lilia-san, but even Lunamaria-san's legs are trembling now, and seeing the
situation, Chronois-san immediately intervenes between Lilia-san and Isis-san.

[Wait, Death King. What are you planning to do when you ask something like
that?]

[...What I'm going to do? ...If Kaito... was being tormented by someone here...
I will “kill” everyone of them.]

[Wait a sec... Isis-san?]

[...If the homeowner there... is tormenting... Kaito... I'll kill her.]

[?!?!]

I don't know how Isis-san knows about the evening party, but I can tell that the
current situation is being caught up regarding this topic. Chronois-san is
clearly about to fight with Isis-san, glaring at her with her sharp eyes, while
Isis-san is also looking at her with her freezing gaze.

And also, is it their magic power that was clashing between them? I can even
hear the air creaking. Doesn't this situation look really bad?

[Do you really think I'm going to let you do that?]

[...If you interfere... I'm also... going to kill you.]

[Tsk... I knew it would turn out like this!]

[P-Please wait a minute, Isis-san!]

[...Kaito?]

When I saw Isis-san and Chronois-san look like they would really start fighting,
I hurriedly called out to Isis-san.

I don't know where she got that information from, but it seems that Isis-san
misunderstands that I'm being tormented here, and I, as the person in question,
must first of all, tell them the truth.

[Isis-san, even if that were the case, fighting here is no good!]

[Miyama, stop! With the way she is right now, she's in no condition to converse
with...]

[...Unnn... I understand... If Kaito says so... I won't fight.]

[...What?]

When I told her not to start fighting here, Isis-san quickly listens to me and
the tense atmosphere she previously had dissipates. Chronois-san looked as if
she didn't understand what's happening, but I think it's better if I clear up
Isis-san's misunderstanding first, so I ignored Chronois-san for the time being
and began explaining to Isis-san.

[That day I was invited by Kuro... the Underworld King, so I wasn't able to
attend.]

[...Underworld King... You know... Kuromueina?]

[Yes, anyway, that's why I'm not being tormented by anyone in particular.
Lilia-san has been really good to me, and I've always been in her care.]

[...I-Is that so... Lilia... I'm sorry.]

[Eh? Ah, y-yes.]

As I thought, Isis-san really has an honest personality, as after hearing my
words, she understands that what she heard before was just a misunderstanding,
and immediately bows her head to Lilia-san and apologizes. After seeing one of
the Six Kings suddenly bowing her head to her, Lilia-san looked dumbfounded as
her trembling stopped due to the confusion she's feeling, and nodded her head.

[Besides, Isis-san is an incredibly strong person, so you shouldn't just say
you'd kill someone without a second thought.]

[...I understand... I won't just say... that I will kill someone.]

[Thank you. I'm glad you understand.]

[...If Kaito is happy... then I'm... also happy.]

When I thanked Isis-san for listening to what I said, Isis-san nodded with a
smile while her cheeks were adorably blushing. Yep, I think she really is a
good, honest person, and the public's perception of Isis-san is probably largely
due to the effects of her magic power of death.

[...Oi, seriously, who the heck is that? It's not someone else that's wearing
the skin of the Death King, right?]

Patting my chest after feeling relieved, for some reason, Chronois-san looked
confused as she whispered something to me.

[Miyama, you... How in the world did you manage to tame that unreasonable Death
King?]

[Eh? No, it's not that I tamed her or anything like that...]

[No, she was originally the kind of person that's so unreasonable that it makes
the head of the people around her hurt, and she would even resort to using force
when someone disagrees with her... How did you make her listen to you like a
loyal dog? You... Are you a monster?]

[...]

For some reason, the Supreme God thinks of me as someone inhuman.

To me though, Isis-san has always been like this since the moment I met her, but
it seems to be different from the public's perception of her.

As I was thinking about this, Isis-san turned to Lilia-san again, and with a
calm tone, she spoke.

[...Kaito... said that he had always been in your care... That's why I... am
also thankful to you... If there's anything I can do to help... Just say it.]

[Eh? Ah, errr, ummm, i-i-it would be my honor?!]

As if she didn't expect those words to come out from her mouth, Lilia-san
stuttered while she resolutely nodded her head, filled with a mixture of fear
and confusion.

[Hohhh... Does that mean... let's say, if Lilia says that she wants to procure
“Blue Diamonds” and “Ice Crystals” that can be mined from under your home, would
you accept?]

[B-B-B-Blue Diamond?! Ice Crystal?! U-U-Ummm, Chronois-sama? That should be one
of the world's finest jewelry that only appears on the market a few times a
year...]

[...Unnn? ...If you want them... I can give you... as much as you want, you
know?]

[Eeehhhhhh?!]

I still don't understand the cost of living in this world very well, but it
seems that in the area where Isis-san lives, an extremely rare jewel can be
mined, and Isis-san that it's alright for Lilia-san—for Albert Duchy to procure
it.

[I-Isn't that great... Milady. We could even make a fortune as a jeweler with
this...]

[N-No, I mean, eh? P-Please wait a moment?! I can't keep up with what's
happening... Kyyuuu\~\~]

[Milady?!]

Ah, Lilia-san had already reached over her tolerance limit.

Lunamaria-san rushed over as Lilia-san's eyes turned in circles. It's a scene
that I've become rather used to seeing lately... but in a way, it can be said
that it's my fault again, so I feel somewhat sorry for it.

[Isis-san, shall we go inside for now?]

[...Unnn... I'd like to talk... with Kaito... about lots of things.]

[Yeah, we didn't get to talk much last time. We've got lots of time today, so
let's just sit back and have some tea while we talk.]

[...I'm looking forward to it.]

Though I said that, since I can't really do anything about it... I'll just show
Isis-san around for the time being.

Because of her magic power of death, the only people who can properly speak with
her are me and Chronois-san, so I was originally supposed to be the one who will
be guiding her in the mansion, so there's no problem.

Seeing the sincerely happy smile on Isis-san's face while her cheeks were
slightly blushing red, I also smiled at her and headed into the mansion.

[Lilia... You're really filled with all sorts of troubles huh. I'll go send you
some good stomach medicine next time.]

I heard Chronois-san's voice from behind, sounding like she was really pitying
her from the bottom of her heart.

Giving Isis-san a brief tour around the mansion, but just as I thought, everyone
is frightened by the magic power of death that Isis-san was clad in, and it
seems that it would be difficult for us to talk in rooms with many people in it
like the dining room. Lilia-san is still unconscious, so I left her under
Lunamaria-san and Chronois-san's care, and after asking to only bring us a cup
of tea, I brought Isis-san into my room. Honestly, that's the choice I made
after thinking that it would be easier for Isis-san as well, as there are no
other eyes on her.

It may look like there would be problems in a situation where a woman is alone
in a man's room if you were just reading it from this novel... And even if the
words “All men are wolves” states that I'm a wolf, Isis-san would be something
like a dinosaur or a dragon, so there wouldn't be any problems at all. By the
way, my room... this room that Lilia-san lent me is honestly too large for one
person, and this is just a guess, but I think that this room is prepared for
important guests. The room is so large that you'd think it was a hotel suite,
and although it's just an estimate, I think it would be more than 15 tatami
mats. There's a large bed, high-class furniture, and even a sofa and table for
guests.

As soon as I offered the guest sofa to Isis-san, who was looking around the room
with great interest as soon as she entered the room, Lunamaria-san immediately
brought us tea and cookies. As expected, even Lunamaria-san would tremble when
she's in close proximity to Isis-san, so fearing that she would accidentally
drop her tea, I received it in the entrance of the room and brought it to the
table myself.

[Here, Isis-san.]

[...Thanks... Thank you for the meal.]

With a small smile on her face as she sat down across from me, Isis-san received
the tea and sipped some, and then brought a cookie into her mouth. Those cookies
look like they're bite-sized enough to me, but Isis-san still broke that cookie
in two and ate each piece with a small mouthful. Isis-san, who has the
appearance of a fleeting beauty, smiling as she eats a cookie with her small
mouth, looks as adorable as a small animal, making all the people who see her
have smiles on their faces.

[...Delicious.]

[I'm glad that you like it. Though I said that, it's not like I'm the one who
made those cookies...]

[...No... If I'm together with Kaito... anything I eat... tastes great.]

[Ah, errr, thank you very much.]

How should I say this... Isis-san is unlike the other people I've been around
with before.

She holds tremendous power, but she's ladylike and somehow looks fragile... If I
were to compare her to something, she would be like a snowflake, a beauty
holding onto a delicate loveliness, and how should I say this... It's like she
really emanates femininity.

And I'm feeling strangely embarrassed by the fact that Isis-san is turning her
unconcealed favorable emotions towards me. As Isis-san was looking at me who was
in that kind of situation with a really happy smile on her face, as if she's
curious, her gaze began to move around my room.

[...Kaito's room... looks beautiful.]

[I tried to make it as clean as when I borrowed it. I think the only thing I
brought into this room myself was books.]

[...Does Kaito... like books?]

[Yeah, I used to read a lot of novels and stuff like that back in my world.]

Well, most of them were light novels though... but I don't think it would be an
exaggeration to call myself a book lover.

When Isis-san hears my words, she seems to have a happier expression than she
did before.

[...I also... read... lots of books.]

[Really? I guess we have that in common.]

[...Unnn... Having something in common with Kaito... makes me happy.]

[Ahaha, in that case, Isis-san have lots of books back in your home?]

[...If I remember correctly... I think I have about... 10 million books.]

That was a lot more than I had expected though?! That's almost like... No, her
home had completely turned into a library...

Anyway, Isis-san seems to like books, and perhaps, because she's happy to have
found a common hobby with me, but her voice sounds more enthusiastic than
before.

[That's amazing... Isis-san must really like books.]

[...I like... Kaito more.]

[Ah, errr, thank you very much. T-That's right! I don't know much about books in
this world, so if you can tell me about any books you find interesting, that
would be great.]

Her pure favorability punched straight towards me. I don't know if it's because
of happiness or embarrassment... but my heart's strangely beating fast.

[...Unnn... What books... does Kaito like?]

[Hmmm. I like books that are based on legends. I guess something like adventure
stories? This is what I've been reading recently.]

While answering Isis-san's question, I bring out the book I bought a few days
ago and just finished yesterday... A book that's telling the story about the
adventures of the First Hero.

It was recommended to me by Kuro, so I bought it, and it was quite interesting.

It is based on historical facts, but since there's magic in this world, it kinda
looks like a fantasy novel and I was so engrossed in the story that I finished
it quickly.

[...I've also... read that book before... It was interesting.]

[Yeah, it was quite an exciting book, a true adventure story. It was apparently
based on a true story, so that means it really happened, right?]

[...Unnn... That book is... quite faithful to history... but... there are also
some things that are different.]

[Is that so?]

The book tells the story of the First Hero's subjugation of the Demon Lord, and
if they were to exactly base it on history, it would essentially turn into an
adventure story that won't be written in just a single book. However, the story
up to the defeat of the Demon Lord was written in considerable detail, but after
that, the story of how the Treaty of Friendship between the three realms was
just summarized. Probably because this is a book written in the Human Realm, or
perhaps, because of the effects of the Information Concealment Magic, there
aren't many details about the Six Kings. Since Isis-san is one of the Six Kings
who knew what happened around those days, she probably knows which part of the
book was embellished.

It's like hearing the hidden truth behind a story, and it's making me a bit
excited.

[...It was written in the book... that she had returned to her previous world...
but... she actually didn't return... and stayed... together with Kuromueina.]

[S-Speaking of which, Kuro also said something like that. She said that I've
already met her...]

[...She is now... calling herself... “Neun”.]

[...]

I feel like something earth-shattering and extremely important have just been
revealed.

I mean, eh? That is to say, is that really what I think it is? Neun-san... is
the First Hero?

I see. Now that she mentioned it, indeed... If I were to also base it on what
Kuro said about how I already met her, the only ex-otherworlder I've met since I
came to this world is Neun-san.

[Ummm, that sounds really important...]

[...Hikari... said that... don't tell the others.]

[Errr, and it's fine for me to know about this?]

[...Unnn... rather than Hikari... I like Kaito more... that's why... it's
alright.]

I have no idea what's alright with that, but I guess, from Isis-san's point of
view, it doesn't seem to be a problem for her even if she tells me the identity
of the First Hero.

Well, I might also lead to this answer if I just thoroughly think about what
Kuro had said, so as long as I don't go around telling people about it, I guess
it should be okay, right?

Yeah, even Neun-san might also have Information Concealment Magic around her
anyway.

I may have found this out because I've spoken to Neun-san myself or because one
of the Six Kings is telling me about it, but she may have done appropriate
measures so that other people aside from me won't hear it.

I feel like I've found out an extraordinary secret, but well, it should be
alright since Isis-san seems to be having fun, right?

It seems that Isis-san has read a lot of books, and we had a lot of fun talking
about it.

I was mainly the one asking questions while she answers them, but it seems like
Isis-san herself really enjoys it and answers every single question. Apparently,
not only do they have history books and adventure stories in this world, they
also have grimoires and other kinds of books that don't exist on earth but...
what really caught my interest more than anything else was the books that are
like fantasy novels. Because of the existence of Hero Summoning in this world,
they were extremely familiar with the existence of other worlds. That's why
there are many writers in this world who fantasize about other worlds... In
other words, they were writing novels about our world or other worlds they could
imagine. For me to come across novels talking about being transferred to another
world right after we were transferred in this world is kind of...

[The more I hear about it, the more interesting the books in this world sound
like. I'd like to read more of those books too.]

[...T-Then... I'll bring... various kinds of books... next time.]

[Really? I'm looking forward to it.]

After hearing that I became more and more interested in the books of this world,
Isis-san said that she will be lending me her books, and I replied to her with
some eagerness in my tone. We continued chatting about books for a while, and
when the topic of conversation died down, I began to leisurely sip my cup of tea
that had cooled down—and that's when I noticed it.

There's something with a faint glint in Isis-san's eyes while she looks at
me—Tears appeared in her eyes, and a single drop ran down her cheek and fell on
the table.

[I-Isis-san?! What's wrong?]

[...Ahh... I'm sorry... It's just that... It's been a long time... since I've
had so much fun.]

[...]

When I called out to her, worried that something was wrong, Isis-san replied
with a soft mutter.

I feel like her reply contained emotions that couldn't be easily expressed in
words, making me hesitate to give her a cheap reply. After letting that brief
pause of silence pass for a moment... Isis-san began to talk about herself, one
piece of information after another.

It seems that from the moment she was born, Isis-san has had a potent amount of
magic power of death in her body... And until now, she has been hated by many
creatures.

In the beginning, she couldn't handle her magic power of death very well, and if
Isis-san were to feel negative emotions, her magic power of death would reap the
lives of the people around her. Most living things in this world, including
plants and animals, were unable to resist Isis-san's magic power of death. In
those days, Isis-san was definitely spreading death wherever she went, just like
a walking disaster.

There is no one who doesn't feel negative emotions in their daily life.
Frustrated by trivial conversations, feeling worried when things don't go well,
feeling lonely when they're alone...

No matter how much Isis-san wishes to get along with others, all creatures would
be frightened by her approach and die. After spending a long time like that,
little by little, Isis-san became able to control her magic power of death...
but in the end, she was unable to completely stop it from being released from
her body. But in those days, she had the Six Kings to converse with... Beings
that have power that rivaled or even surpassed Isis-san. Seeing that there are
some people who can converse with her, she felt really happy at that time.

However, the existence of the other members of the Six Kings... these existences
that hold monstrous power equal to her, ironically, became the fact that drove
Isis-san more into a corner. Her equals... The other members of the Six Kings
who were beings that she felt were similar to herself, as months and years pass,
their family and subordinates began to increase, and as they gradually became
the center of the Demon Realm, adding up the signing of the Treaty of Friendship
between the three realms, not only demons, even Gods have began to gather around
the other members of the Six Kings... And thus, Isis-san was left behind.

While Isis-san could only interact with people with power almost as high as
hers, the other members of the Six Kings were on friendly terms with the less
powerful Humans.

Isis-san couldn't help but be envious of them. It was hard just being able to
watch as the other members of the Six Kings interact with the Humans. Even if
she enjoys all her conversation she had with the other members of the Six Kings
until now, it seems that every time she hears them talk about the Human Realm,
inexplicable loneliness welled up within her mind, making her shed tears all
alone countless of times. To Isis-san, I was her first human friend she had ever
made, and she was very happy about that.

After I finished listening to Isis-san, I get up from my seat and moved over to
her side.

Touching her slightly trembling little hands, and as gently as I could, wrapping
it in between mine.

[...Kaito?]

[To be honest, I can't understand all of the painful feelings that Isis-san has
been feeling for thousands of years... I can't even say that I understand what
you're feeling.]

[...]

[I don't think I could even act cool like somehow doing something to ease your
loneliness... And unfortunately, that's also not something I can say and I think
that's also something I can do.]

It might be unfortunate in some ways, but it might also be fortunate in another.
Let me make this clear, I'm just an ordinary person. If I can't accomplish
something that's more than I can handle, all I can do for the trembling
Isis-san... is just be me, and just face her straight directly in front of her.

[The reason I'm able to talk to Isis-san normally is because of my Sympathy
Magic, a rather unusual ability of mine... You could even say that it was just a
coincidence that I just happen to be someone with this kind of power. However,
I'm sure that this is just one of the things that may be destined to happen...
And so, whenever you're feeling lonely, you can come wherever you want. There's
not much I can do, but if it's talking with you, then I will always be here.]

[...]

[Don't worry. I will say it now, I will never be afraid and reject you in the
future. That much, I can promise you.]

[...?!?!]

I don't know if I was able to convey it to her well, but I think I was able to
somehow convey my feelings. I was able to overcome Isis-san's magic power of
death due to my Sympathy Magic, and although it can be said that it was just a
coincidence that I have this ability, this ability is in a sense, my own. It
would just be nonsense if I keep on thinking about what would have happened if I
didn't have my Sympathy Magic here, so I'll just do my best to put it to good
use for Isis-san.

Receiving my words, Isis-san looked down while her body was slightly trembling,
and a little later, as if she had snapped, she leaped towards me.

[I-Isis-san?!]

Feeling her cool body temperature and touch of her soft body, I could also smell
the flowery scent wafting from her hair.

[...Kaito... I love you... I love you... I really love you.]

[...]

I was surprised when she suddenly hugged me, but when I saw Isis-san burying her
face in my chest and her shoulders trembling with her voice, I couldn't say
anything else.

Isis-san is one of the Six Kings, powerful beings exceeding human knowledge, and
one of the strongest in the world... but she isn't an invincible being who will
never feel hurt.

The proof of this is Isis-san, who was hugging me as if she's clinging unto me,
with tears streaming down her face. Her trembling shoulders look terribly small,
looking so fragile as if it would break just by touching it. I hugged Isis-san's
body as gently as I could, as if I were touching a delicate piece of snow
sculpture, while she continued to cry, as if she was releasing her overflowing
sadness that had accumulated for a thousand years.

I won't just conclude Isis-san's situation with simple words like “Isis-san is
pitiable” and I don't think there's much I can do for her. But for now—Isn't it
alright if I can show her my cool side for a bit?

After she stopped crying, Isis-san and I spent time chatting about various
topics again.

Isis-san has a happy smile on her face the whole time, and I can tell that she
really enjoys talking with me, which also makes me happy. But before I knew it,
the fun time had already passed and it had already become dark. As Isis-san is
about to go home, looking a little sad, I see her off the doorway.

[...Kaito... Thank you... for today... It was so... fun.]

[I also had a great time. Please come visit again.]

[Y-Yes, Death King-sama... P-P-Please come visit us anytime.]

[...Thank you... Lilia... The next time I come... I'll bring lots of jewels with
me.]

[Ehh?! Ah, no, that is...]

Even though she looks like she doesn't want to be here, I don't know if it's the
pride of being the homeowner or not, Lilia-san has somehow managed to make a
frantic smile on her face, and said her goodbyes to Isis-san, but she stiffened
when she heard Isis-san's reply to her. It seems like that Blue Diamonds and Ice
Crystals are incredibly expensive, and even though Isis-san had said that she
will give it to her, the earnest Lilia-san seems to be planning to clearly buy
it from her, but then, she will have to negotiate the price with Isis-san. If
that were to happen... I have a feeling that Lilia-san's nerves will be worn out
at an alarming rate.

[...Well then... Goodbye... See you next time.]

After talking with Lilia-san, I saw Isis-san's lonely expression on her face
again.

It could be said that it's natural for Isis-san to be that lonely because of the
environment she's been in, but she really looks lonely right now. Isis-san has
been really enjoying her time today, and it seemed like she's filled with
happiness the whole time... However, that's probably why she can't help but feel
lonely going home like this. It seems that Isis-san is living in an ice-covered
area in the Demon Realm, but there are no other residents around aside from
Isis-san.

[...Isis-san.]

[...Unn? ...Kaito... What's the matter?]

[No, it's just that if it's fine with you... In the next opportunity I have, can
I be the one to visit you next time?]

[...?! ...I-Is that alright?]

[Yes, if that's fine with Isis-san though.]

[...Unnn... I'm really... looking forward to it.]

Hearing my words, Isis-san smiled and repeatedly nodded with a smile that looked
like a blooming flower. Yep. Those matters regarding how I would be able to go
to the Demon Realm or whether I, a human, would be able to survive in a place
filled with a surrounding filled with ice or not, I will think about those
things later. And thus, with a really happy smile on her face, she began walking
away, turning around and waving her hand multiple times as she left.

After seeing off Isis-san until she was out of sight, I was about to follow
Lilia-san back to the mansion too, but Chronois-san, who had been silently
watching as we sent Isis-san off, spoke to me.

[...Miyama. Do you have a moment?]

[Eh? Ah, yes.]

Although she seems to be someone serious right from the start, Chronois-san has
a very serious expression on her face, and as I'm slightly pressured by the
atmosphere around her that seems like she has decided on something, I nodded.
Then, after notifying Lilia-san and moving to the nearby garden... to a place
where our conversation can't be heard by others, Chronois-san silently spoke.

[I was hesitating whether I should tell this to you or not but... after seeing
what happened with the Death King today, I decided that your existence is beyond
my expectations. Therefore, I would like to give you a warning.]

[...An advice?]

[Umu. This is just advice. It's up to you to decide how you want to act after
hearing my words, and I don't want to force you to do anything... However, for
the sake of your future, keep this in mind.]

[...]

I wonder what Chronois-san is going to say? If she said that she's saying this
after seeing today's events, it would most likely be related to Isis-san... If
that's the case, I'm wondering why I'm feeling like it would be a little late
for her to say something like that after I've met her.

For some reason though, there's an uncomfortable feeling in my heart that is
strangely unsettling while I wait for Chronois-san's words. After a brief
silence, Chronois-san looked at me with her red and blue heterochromatic eyes,
and spoke.

[...”Don't trust the Underworld King... Kuromueina too much.”]

[...Eh?]

Whatever she may have said, I wasn't able to immediately understand what she
meant.

Don't trust Kuro? What in the world does that suppose to mean?

[I understand that you hold favorable feelings towards “that”. And also, I know
that “that” is greatly trusted not only in the Demon Realm, but also in the
Human Realm and the God Realm, and it's not like I'm telling you that “that” is
an evil person.]

[Then...]

[However, I don't believe “that” to be such a pure being either. No, in fact,
I'm rather wary of her.]

[W-Why?]

After reflexively asking her back, I immediately regretted it.

I'm feeling that I didn't want to hear anything else she's going to say if it's
possible, but I couldn't cover my ears, and I just waited for Chronois-san's
words.

[...I have a number of reasons for this, so I'll go through them in order...
Miyama. Did you know that there was once a war between the Demon Realm and the
God Realm?]

[...Eh? Ah, yes. I heard there was a war a long time ago...]

Why would she ask me that? I have a bad feeling about this.

She is bright and innocent like a child, and she is wise enough that she could
see through other people's minds, and she's someone I owe a great debt of
gratitude for showing the dispirited me the right path. I may still not know her
well, but I'm beginning to realize that my heart is captivated by her... She's
my very important friend. However, I still don't know anything about Kuro. I
don't know what kind of person she is and how she has lived her life until
now...

[Only a handful of people in the Demon Realm and the God Realm know what
happened back then... But what happened back then wasn't a war, it was an
“invasion”.]

[...]

[It happened about 20,000 years in the past. An incomparably powerful demon
united the powerful Demons and invaded the God Realm... This is the truth of the
war between the Demon Realm and the God Realm, personally spoken only to a
select few.]

[?!]

[...You should understand what I mean by now. Yes, the demon that attacked the
God Realm is the same demon we currently know as the Underworld King,
Kuromueina.]

[...]

Kuro is someone really important to me, and I wanted to get to know her better.
However, those words she had just told me—I couldn't believe it immediately.

The words that Chronois-san told me... The story of Kuro being the one who once
caused the battle between the Demon Realm and the God Realm didn't enter my mind
at all.

[I can understand your bewilderment, but for now, let's move on with the story.]

[...Yes.]

Chronois-san quietly told the confused me.

I can certainly think about this later, but for now, let's not miss out what
Chronois-san has to say.

[Well, even though I'm telling you what kind of being she is, I haven't seen the
entirety of that battle either. I've seen it up to the point where Kuromueina,
who had invaded the God Realm, confronted Shallow Vernal-sama, but when I was on
my way to the scene, Ein stopped me in my tracks.]

[...I see, even Ein-san was there...]

When she mentioned that, I can understand why.

It's not surprising that she was part of the battle at that time since Ein-san
is a maid serving Kuro and I also heard that she's been in Kuro's family for the
longest time.

[We've fought many times since then, but vexing it may be, we still haven't been
able to conclude that fight. Anyway, one of the reasons why you should be wary
of Kuromueina is that “that” is the one who once attacked the God Realm.]

[...you saying “one of the reasons” means that there's still more to it than
that huh.]

[Umu... The second reason is that... since that battle, “that demon has been
hiding her true form and power”.]

[Her true form?]

Come to think of it, I remember Kuro saying that she can change her form at
will.

However, the only form I've ever seen was the usual little girl form, so I
assumed that form is her most basic form but... It seems like I was mistaken.

[You may already know about this, “that” can change her appearance and gender.
Although she's under the so-called “indefinite” Demons, as long as one is a
living being, they would have a true form in which we can exert our strength the
most. “That” may be acting based on her form of a little girl right now, but
when she attacked the God Realm, she had a different form.]

[A different form?]

[...Yeah, a monster made of jet-black smoke, as if it was a gathering of all the
darkness in the world. That is that demon's true form... I'll be honest with
you. The moment I've seen that form of hers is the first time in my life I felt
the feeling of fear. It was to the point that I thought she might be equal to
the god of this world, Shallow Vernal-sama... In fact, I'm still having that
thought since after that battle with Shallow Vernal-sama, she's still calmly
living in peace.]

[...]

Shiro-san is the Creator God, the being who created this world. She is the
closest one the the word “omnipotent” that Ein-san, someone who had equal
abilities as Chronois-san, says that she can't oppose, and she should have been
the strongest being in this world.

Kuro fought her and survived. I don't think Shiro-san is the type of person who
would consider the thoughts of someone that she had just fought against.

[Shallow Vernal-sama only said one word about that battle, that it was a “draw”,
and though she didn't say anything else... You should be able to understand how
unbelievable that is, right?]

[...Yes.]

In other words, Kuro has the power that was on par with Shiro-san, the Creator
God, or that's at least, in terms of just the aspect of their combat
abilities...

I see, if that's really the case, it's natural for Chronois-san to be wary of
Kuro.

The reason being is that Kuro is the only person who can possibly kill
Shiro-san... Then, Chronois-san, who is absolutely loyal to Shiro-san, would be
wary of her.

[“That” is undoubtedly the strongest among the Six Kings. However, to the best
of my knowledge, she hasn't shown her true form since that battle.]

[I see... So that's why Chronois-san is so wary of Kuro.]

[...The two reasons I've mentioned up to this point certainly are the main
reason why you should be wary of that demon... However, those two weren't the
most important reason.]

[...Eh?]

What does she mean by that?

So far, Chronois-san has talked about the battle between the Demon Realm and the
God Realm, and that Kuro holds an immense amount of power, and both of those
reasons should have been enough to convince me, but the most important reason
seems to be something else.

[The most important reason why I'm so wary of the demon named Kuromueina... is
that her existence itself is too much of an enigma.]

[An enigma?]

[Yeah, no matter how powerful the members of the Six Kings are, they too have
lives and a will. For example, the Death King is a being born from the gathered
magic power of the dead, while the World King is the spirit born from a large
tree, the World Tree... But no matter how much I investigate, Kuromueina is the
only one I can't figure out.]

[...]

[That is a being filled with a complete enigma, whether when she appeared or
where she appeared, and even her purpose is almost completely shrouded in
mystery.]

[Her purpose?]

[...Yeah, it's completely unknown. We don't know why “that” invaded the God
Realm, or even why she's raising so many demons and humans like they're baby
birds, we don't have any idea why. However, despite her child-like personality,
she's a being holding superior intellect and ability. There has to be some kind
of purpose in her actions, but I don't see it at all.]

It's true that Kuro has reached out to many Demons and Humans and held out her
hand to them, and those people she saved adore her. Until now, I had only
thought it was simply because of her good-natured personality, but Chronois-san
seems to think that Kuro has some other goal in mind.

[...It seems that even the one who has served her the longest time, Ein, doesn't
know what her purpose is. However, Ein had heard Kuromueina say a few words once
after she finished raising one of her baby birds... That “this one is no good
too.”]

[...]

This one is no good too... Does that mean that Kuro is raising demons and humans
for some kind of purpose? I don't know. I don't even know what she's trying to
achieve.

[...That's all I'm going to say. Well, I've been telling you all these
threatening matters... In the end, I don't know anything about that Demon, so I
also don't know the truth. I may just be thinking about it based on my own
convenience, but reality isn't something you can just pass by without any
thinking, it's unstable, like the fleeting clouds in the air.]

[...If you're certainly basing it on that, as only Kuro would know something
like that, I don't think you would get the answer and just think of all possible
reasons for your own convenience.]

[Umu. As I said before, I don't think that Demon's evil. Well, I may have also
said that she's not that pure of a being either but... I don't think there's any
person in this world who is truly pure aside from Shallow Vernal-sama.]

[...]

No, I don't think that airhead goddess is that pure of a being too... but she'll
probably get angry if I say this, so I'll just keep this thought to myself.

[Miyama. This is just advice. I'm not going to tell you what to do from now on.
However, this is just my thought... If it's you, perhaps, you would be able to
understand the mysteries hidden deep within Kuromueina's heart. These mysteries
that neither Ein nor I could ever reach.]

[...The mysteries hidden within Kuro's heart...]

[Trust is a beautiful emotion, but it can also cloud a person's eyes. So, I have
decided to tell you about one of those Demon's aspects that I have seen with my
own eyes... Keep this in mind, but don't think about it too much. Just be
yourself, and judge her true worth based on what you feel.]

[...Yes.]

It's certainly as she said. The figure of Kuro that I just heard about is only
one aspect of the Underworld King, Kuromueina from Chronois-san's point of view.

What is Kuro thinking and what does she want to achieve... That's something I'll
have to think about in the future as I interact with Kuro.

For the time being though, I'm glad to know a little bit about Kuro, a side of
her which I never had the chance to know before.

[...Ah, come to think of it, there was also that person. Another one of the Six
Kings, who I don't understand in a different way from Kuromueina...]

[Eh? A person you don't understand in a different way from Kuro?]

[Umu. “The Phantasmal King, No Face”. A being whose purpose is easy to
understand, but I don't even know where and what that demon usually does, let
alone what that Demon's real name and appearance is. That demon is quite the
eccentric one, a demon that can't be seen aside from the Festival of Heroes.]

[Heehhh, I wonder what that person's like?]

[...A boisterous and irritating fellow.]

Saying that with a wry smile on her face, Chronois-san began heading towards the
mansion, as if to say our conversation is over.

The Phantom King, No Face... The King without a face. Perhaps, I may also meet
that person one day.

---

[...Ahh... Lillywood... Welcome.]

“Sorry to bother you. Looks like today's visit went well.”

[...You can tell?]

“Yes, you look like you're in a good mood, like you finally knew that you could
now talk with the Humans right now.”

When Lillywood heard that Isis was going out to visit her friend at the mansion
of a human, Lillywood was quite worried while she was giving her advice, but
after seeing the state of Isis now, she immediately knew that her fear was
groundless. She must have enjoyed today's events that much. Isis seemed to be in
a very good mood, that her magic power of death she was always clad in is now
releasing lesser pressure than ever before.

“By the way, what are you doing?”

[...Kaito... said that he likes books... That's why... I will bring these
books... as presents to him.]

Even before she had come to visit Isis, Lillywood had noticed that she had been
picking up various books and piling them up, and then separating them as if she
was sorting them. It seems that she was selecting the books she would give to
this human friend of hers. Lillywood had a smile on her face as she looked at
her like that, but when she casually glanced at the books... she stiffened.

“...Ummm, Isis.”

[...Unnn?]

“Isn't this a grimoire related to Ancient Magic? What do you plan to do with the
books you placed on that side?”

[...If Kaito wants this... I'll give it to him.]

“No no, that's no good... There's some pretty dangerous magic written here—wait,
that book you're holding in your hand! Isn't that also one of the Forbidden
Books?”

[...I wonder if... Kaito will be pleased with these?]

“Wait a sec there, Isis?! Don't start wrapping it up like it's natural!!! Stop
right there, let me see all the books you have stacked up!!!”

Flusteredly rushing over to Isis, Lillywood looked at the stacks of books.

Ancient Magic grimoires, books with descriptions about Forbidden Arts, ancient
documents that are already on the level of national treasures... There was a
pile of books so rare that they could easily collapse the economy of the Human
Realm.

After some time had passed, the World King, Lillywood Yggdrasil, was in a room
in Isis' castle with a very tired expression on her face. In contrast to such a
Lillywood, Isis, the master of this castle, is in a good mood, looking at a
bundle of packaged books.

[...Lillywood... Thank you... Thanks to you... I've decided... on which books
I'm going to give to Kaito.]

“...That's good. No, seriously, with that, the world's economy remains in
balance...”

She desperately persuaded Isis, who was about to give him books of tremendous
value, such as grimoires with ancient magic written on it and forbidden books
with the methods to make secret medicines, to pick and choose the safest ones
from her collection of over 10 million books. It was a really tough and long
process, and thanks to that, Lillywood was completely exhausted.

[Sorry to bother you, Isis.]

[...Kuromueina... Welcome.]

Thereupon... As if she appeared right at the moment when they've just finished
selecting the books, Kuromueina appeared.

[I made a new type of baby castellas, so I'm here to share... Arehh? You're also
here, Lillywood?]

“...Kuromueina. If possible, I wish you had come a little earlier.”

[Eh?]

Lillywood mutters as her shoulders slumped down.

Seeing Lillywood like that, Kuromueina tilted her head before turning towards
Isis... and tilted her head again.

[Arehh? Isis, you're in a great mood. What's up?]

[...I made... a human... friend.]

[Eh? Really?!]

“Yes, I was skeptical too, but in fact, Isis went to visit this person the other
day, and she's been in a good mood ever since.”

Hearing the words that Isis happily announced, Kuromueina made an expression of
disbelief and Lillywood, who also had the same reaction not long ago, said her
thoughts.

[Heehhh... There's an amazing child out there huh. Isis, what kind of child is
that?]

[...He said... he knew Kuromueina... His name is... Kaito.]

[Huh? Kaito... You're talking about Miyama Kaito-kun?]

“You know about him?”

[Unnn, I've been seeing him almost every day. He's my favorite child right now.]

Hearing Isis mention Kaito's name, Kuromueina looked really surprised.

[I see... Kaito-kun became friends with Isis...]

“Kuromueina. Who exactly is this Kaito-san? According to what Isis said, he had
some kind of special ability, but is it really possible for him to resist her
magic power of death?”

[Hmmm. It's true that Kaito-kun has a slightly unusual power called Sympathy
Magic, making him have the ability to adapt to non-hostile magic power... but
just having that ability doesn't mean he could adapt to just about anyone.]

“What exactly do you mean?”

[Kaito-kun's magic power would certainly adapt to other people's magic power...
but the basic premise is that Kaito-san has “the will to be friendly with that
person”, otherwise, he won't be able to adapt, and even if he does, he also
won't just adapt with someone's magic power in an instant.]

Just as Kuromueina said, Kaito's Sympathy Magic doesn't help him cope with other
people's magic power in an instant. Kaito needs to have the will to adapt to it,
even if it's subconsciously, and that means, Kaito doesn't hold hostility
towards that person.

[In other words, Kaito-kun... still felt Isis's magic power of death, and yet,
he still tried to get along with Isis, and desperately tried to adapt while
being exposed to her magic power of death for a reasonable amount of time. I
think that's why he was able to adapt to her magic power of death.]

[...]

“T-That's quite an unbelievable person, isn't it? I still can't believe it.”

Kuromueina calmly told them. Kaito himself said that it was thanks to his
Sympathy Magic, but it couldn't have happened if Kaito hadn't wanted to reach
out to Isis in the first place, and despite the painful thoughts inflicted on
him, Kaito still tried to befriend Isis.

A fact that she unexpectedly found out. No one knows if it's because of
happiness or not, but Isis's cheeks turned bright red as she stared in empty
space, as if she had fallen in love again.

In contrast to Isis's reaction though, Lillywood seems to be trembling in fear.

[Hmmm. I guess it might be impossible if you met Kaito-kun just when he first
came to this world. However, Kaito-kun has been so cool lately that even I'm
surprised... he's a kind child who's doing his best for the sake of others after
all. Well, that's why I like him so much.]

[...Unnn... Kaito... is kind... and cool...]

“...I see. Speaking of which, Kuromueina, you just mentioned that you're seeing
him almost every day... That must be why you've been visiting the Symphonia
Kingdom so much lately.”

[Ahaha, well, I suppose so.]

Lillywood, who became more and more interested in Kaito after hearing Kuromueina
and Isis talk about him, nodded, looking forward to her upcoming visit.

And since she also found out why Kuromueina has been visiting Syphonia Kingdom
so often lately, a gentle smile appeared on her lips.

“In that case, I guess I can ask Kuromueina for the next meeting regarding the
Festival of Heroes in the Symphonia Kingdom huh.”

[Don't want to.]

“...Eh?”

In the years where the Festival of Heroes was held, Kuromueina and Lillywood,
who have close ties to the Human Realm, share the responsibility of meeting with
each country... They are discussing the order of the pilgrimage that would be
done by the one holding the role of Hero and the event that would be held in the
Festival of Heroes. They still hadn't decided on the appointment for this year,
but if Kuromueina frequented the Symphonia Kingdom, Lillywood thought that she
would gladly accept if she were the one going to the meeting there but... her
reply was just the words “Don't want to.”.

[The King over there “treated Kaito-kun as an outcast”, so I hate him.]

[...He treated Kaito... as an outcast?]

Hearing the words Kuromueina said, Lillywood placed her hand over her face.

Those things she said... The matter of the Symphonia Kingdom not sending an
invitation to Kaito was actually something that Lillywood also had her followers
look into, making her understand what happened, but she hadn't told Isis about
it. She kept it a secret because she didn't want to think about what Isis would
do if she knows this, but when she heard that Kaito had told Isis that he just
couldn't go because he already had something he had to do, she thought that she
could finally feel relieved just a few days ago... but a bomb was dropped in a
place she never expected.

Hearing Kuromueina's words, Isis quietly muttered, before she quickly stood up.

“Stop for a moment, Isis. Where do you plan to go?”

[...Symphonia Kingdom.]

“P-Please wait! That is...”

[Isis! Stop!!!]

[...Kuromueina?]

Noticing that her eyes were obviously focused towards the Symphonia Kingdom...
and Isis was about to head there to literally erase the king, just when
Lillywood was desperately trying to stop her, Kuromueina also stopped Isis.
Lillywood felt relieved that there's someone who also had the same thoughts as
her, as she turned towards Kuromueina who was probably on her side... but her
next words made her turn pale.

“That's right, Kuromueina. You tell her as well...”

[Let me help you!]

“Hey?!”

[...Thank you, Kuromueina... together... those idiots who tormented Kaito...
let's kill them.]

[Killing them is no good, if you do that, Kaito-kun will be really troubled. We
should just “threaten him until his mind breaks” so that he won't do anything
stupid again.]

[...I understand... So we'll just turn him into an “invalid person”.]

“What kind of frightening stuff are you talking about?! Isis too, don't agree
with her!”

Looking closely at her, she could see that even the smile on Kuromueina's face
disappeared, as she's clearly angry, saying horrible things like it's normal.

“Please wait!!! I-I will be the one going there, okay?! I'll make sure that the
Symphonia's King would apologize, okay!!! So I'm begging you, don't do
anything!!!”

That day, in the Land of Death which is usually surrounded by an eerie
silence... One of the Six Kings' troubled screams echoed.
