---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 1: The Gentle Elf

The 16th day of the Fire month. It has been a little over two weeks since I was
summoned to another world. In the beginning, I felt that time had passed in the
blink of an eye due to my continuous surprise and confusion, but humans are
creatures that adapt to their environment. Nowadays, I feel that I've become
more relaxed.

And now, slightly racking my brains, I'm walking down the corridor within
Lilia-san's mansion. Well, even though I'm walking right now, I don't really
have any place I intend to go to in mind. I mean... In short, I was simply
bored.

It's not like this world is any less civilized than Japan, the country I used to
live in though. This world has developed around magic, and there are many
technologies here that surpass those that are brought upon by Earth's science,
but there are no electrical appliances here such as televisions, games,
computers and the like. The only way to communicate with people at a distance is
through a mail formed with magic power... “hummingbirds” as they call it, and of
course, smartphones don't exist here. It seems that they had some kind of rule
established about this, as Lilia-san had apparently entrusted the smartphone I
had brought in this world to the Goddess of Law, and I've heard that they had
strict control over such things.

Well, it's no use complaining about the level of civilization this world has,
but how should I say this... I've been having a little too much time on my hands
recently.

There may be various kinds of entertainment in this world, but the only thing I
can think of at the moment is reading books. I've already finished reading the
book I bought when I went on a date with Kuro, and I don't really want to read
the books in Lilia-san's mansion. They're all very difficult to read and don't
feel entertaining at all.

To put it bluntly, I'm currently starved for entertainment. However, among us
people who came from the same world... It actually seems like I'm the only one
with this problem. It seems like Yuzuki-san likes running... or rather, moving
her body, as she seems to enjoy going on a jog. Meanwhile, I'm not really sure
if it's because Kusunoki-san is very smart or not, but she can read and
understand the books in Lilia-san's mansion, and lately, she's been holed up in
the library studying magic.

I'd like to scold the past me for not having a hobby back then. N-No, I did have
hobbies... such as gaming and net surfing... But well, I can't do that in this
world.

Hmmm. I wonder what I should do? I enjoy talking with Kuro, but she doesn't come
to visit until night, and I don't know how to spend my time until then... If I
had to think of a hobby that I can enjoy in this world, I suppose reading would
really be my first choice. I'd like to read something that isn't technical
though, books that are more like novels. However, it seems like there aren't
many of those books in Lilia-san's mansion, so I'll have to go and buy one
myself. However, where do they buy such things here? Back when I went on a date
with Kuro, the shop I found with her was more of a stall, so it's not like they
would be in the same place every day. I don't know where the other bookstores
were. Strolling through the city while searching for them sounds like a great
idea, but I feel a little anxious, thinking that I might get lost again.
...Unnn, alright. I'll consult Lilia-san about this. As I gathered my thoughts,
thinking about what I should ask Lilia-san for breakfast, I walked down the
corridor without any particular purpose, when I saw a familiar person heading my
way from the dining room.

A woman with short red hair as beautiful as the setting sun, emerald green eyes
so bright they could be mistaken for jewels, and her distinctive long, pointed
ears indicating that she was an Elf. She's almost as tall as me, probably around
170cm, having a slender, model-like figure, wearing a sleeveless jacket and
pants that prioritizes functionality, and a black scarf around her neck. The
fact that she's tall makes one think that she's a pretty woman at first glance.
I imagined that Elves would be blondes, but in this world where there are a lot
of mixed-bloods, it seems that Elves also have a variety of hair colors.

[Good morning. “Sieglinde-san”.]

[............]

The Elf lady... Sieglinde-san silently nodded in response to my greeting.

Sieglinde-san is in charge of the security of the mansion, so I've talked to her
a few times now. No, I suppose “talked” isn't quite the right word here. It
seems that she used to be a member of the Knight Order, but during one of their
battles against monsters, she suffered a large wound in her throat and lost her
ability to speak. I also heard that under her black scarf was a big scar,
reminiscent of that battle.

Thus, she basically communicates her intentions through written words and
gestures. I have my Sympathy Magic that allows me to read other people's
emotions though, so even with just her body language, I could understand what
Sieglinde-san is trying to say. That's why it's rather easy for me to have a
conversation with her.

[.........]

[Ah, yes. I woke up rather early... Is Sieglinde-san on night guard duty?]

[.........]

[Good work.]

Seeing me being up so early in the morning, Sieglinde-san curiously tilted her
head. When I responded to her after reading her intentions through her movements
and with my Sympathy Magic, a gentle smile appeared on Sieglinde-san's lips.
Sieglinde-san may look like a cool woman, but in reality, she's a very kind and
gentle person. In Lilia-san's mansion, where everyone other than me is female,
although I don't get treated badly because Lilia-san has warned all of them
against it, there are still many people who don't think well of me as a man. Of
course, my situation had improved compared to when I first arrived in this
place. However, as I'm still in a delicate position, there are few people who
are willing to talk to me.

Sieglinde-san is one of the people in this mansion who isn't prejudiced against
men, and she's very friendly to me. Every time I see her, she's always so kind
and caring, asking me if I'm having any trouble in this unfamiliar environment,
so it's really easy for me to talk to her.

While I was thinking about this, Sieglinde-san took out a small notepad and pen
from her pocket, wrote something on it, and showed it to me.

[You don't look too merry when walking earlier, are you thinking about
something?]

[Ahhh, ummm, it's nothing that serious...]

When Sieglinde-san asked me what I had been thinking about... I told her that I
was thinking about buying a book for me to read in my spare time, but that I was
worried about the path. Thereupon, Sieglinde-san seemed to be thinking for a
moment, before she nodded and pointed at herself.

[...Eh? Sieglinde-san would be guiding me?]

[...........]

[H-However, Sieglinde-san... aren't you tired from your night shift?]

[...........]

[Would it be alright? I-I certainly am grateful for that, but would it really be
alright?]

[...........]

[Thank you very much. Well then, I will be in your care.]

Sieglinde-san offered to take me to a bookstore. Thinking that she must be tired
after working a night shift, I refrained myself from her offer, but
Sieglinde-san smiled and told me not to worry about it, so I decided to presume
upon her kindness.

After Sieglinde-san and I discussed the time of our departure, I parted ways
with her for the moment and moved to the dining room to have breakfast. After
that, as we have discussed, I went shopping with Sieglinde-san.

[There sure are lots of food-related shops around here.]

[...........]

Sieglinde-san nodded her head in affirmation to the words I muttered while
looking at the surrounding stores. Sieglinde-san and I were currently going
through a street that was different from the one Lunamaria-san and I went to
back when we're shopping for clothes, an area lined with common stores instead
of high-end ones. To be honest, as a commoner, I'm more at home here than on
that upscale street. It might be a good idea to memorize the directions here and
enjoy the next time I go window shopping.

[Does Sieglinde-san often come to this area for shopping?]

[..........]

[Unnn? Is something the matter?]

After hearing my question, Sieglinde-san looked like she was thinking about
something before taking out a notebook and pen. Then, she held out a note with
words written on it in front of me, who was tilting my head.

“If you turn down the street we just passed, you'll find several stores that
sell ingredients. I often go shopping there, but I don't often come to this
area.”

[Heehhh... Are those ingredients for the mansion?]

[..........]

I asked her if she was shopping for ingredients for the meals prepared in
Lilia-san's mansion, but she shook her head and denied it.

“It's for my own use. I enjoy cooking.”

[I see. Sieglinde-san feels like a mature woman, it seems like you're also good
at cooking.]

When I told her my honest impression, Sieglinde-san looked a little bashful.
Unnn, is it that gap moe stuff I heard about? The usual her feels awe-inspiring,
but she look so cute when you look like this. As we continued our conversation,
Sieglinde-san pointed to a store a few distance away and nodded.

[Ahh, that shop?]

[.........]

The store looked like a bookstore, and there were a lot of books lined up in the
store. I wouldn't understand anything even if I were to read technical books, so
if I were to buy some, I'd rather it be something like a novel. Ahh, but I guess
reading books about history might be a good way to learn about this world.

It's quite obvious, but I don't know any of the books in this world. That means
every one of these books is fresh and new, and I'm excited to read them. Now
then, I wonder how many books I should buy today?

It seems that I had been quite absorbed in selecting the books I will buy, as
when I looked at my pocket watch, I saw that quite an amount of time had passed.

[I-I'm sorry. I became quite engrossed with what I'd been doing.]

[..........]

What a blunder. Even though Sieglinde-san went out of her way to guide me, even
though she should be tired from working the night shift, I ended up making her
wait. It doesn't seem like Sieglinde-san read much either, as she didn't browse
through any particular book and waited for me. When I apologized for this,
Sieglinde-san looked puzzled for a moment before she gently smiled and shook her
head.

“Did you find any good books?”

[...Yes. I'm going to buy about three books.]

After hearing my reply, Sieglinde-san nodded once with a satisfied expression on
her face.

Buying two Adventure novels and a book on the history of Symphonia Kingdom, I
left the bookstore with Sieglinde-san.

[Thank you very much. You've really helped me today. Is there something that I
could do to...]

[.........]

[I don't need to mind it? N-No, but... I've been under your care today.]

[.........]

[You also had fun, so don't mind it? U-Unnn. I understand... Once again, thank
you very much.]

[.........]

I'm sure she was just watching me shop before, but Sieglinde-san still smiled,
holding the thought that she had fun. She's a really caring person... I mean, I
didn't have any siblings, so I wouldn't know... but I feel like she would be
something like an older sister.

Even if the result of today's shopping was three books to pass the time,
considering that I got to know Sieglinde-san a little better... I think it was
more than worth it and it would be nice to go out with her again.

The 17th day of the Fire month. Lately, or rather, since Kuro's visit to the
mansion, Lilia-san has been very busy and being partly at fault, I'm worried
about her. It seems that connections with their equals are important for nobles,
and with the visit of Kuro, one of the pinnacles of the Demon Realm, the value
of Lilia-san's name among the nobles has skyrocketed. It seems that she's been
receiving a lot of invitations to tea parties and the like, and she's currently
been busy dealing with them. I'd like to help her in some way, but I'm afraid
that my involvement in diplomatic matters like that would only drag her down.
Thus, I've been asking Lunamaria-san for advice on what I can do to help relieve
Lilia-san's fatigue.

However, the irony of the situation is that before Lilia-san can even relieve
her fatigue, she has another major event coming up. No, I can't really say I'm
unrelated to this matter either... Well, to put it simply, that conversation
with the Goddess of Time is scheduled to take place tomorrow.

The designated venue was the temple that we had visited to receive our blessings
before. It also seemed like she had already been notified beforehand, so my
participation was allowed as we had expected. Incidentally, I asked Kusunoki-san
and Yuzuki-san if they would also like to participate in the event, but they
vigorously answered that they don't want to, so Lilia-san and I are going to be
the only ones participating.

[Even so, I still feel rather anxious...]

[Unnn? About what?]

As I muttered to myself while making an empty teacup float in front of me for
magic practice, Kuro, who was laying on the sofa, asked me as she raised her
upper body.

[No, it's just we were going to talk with the Goddess of Time tomorrow... and
I'm just wondering what's going to happen...]

[With Chronois-chan?]

[Unnn. I didn't know her name though...]

Amazing, I guess that's to be expected from the Underworld King. She knows the
name of a Supreme God, which is supposed to be unknown to most people, as if it
were normal. Moreover, she even calls her with “-chan” attached to her name...

[Isn't it alright? Chronois-chan may sound self-important when she speaks, but
she's very generous to the humans, so I don't think that there would be anything
strange that would happen though?]

[I see... No, well, we're still meeting someone important, and this time, it's
not like someone I knew from the beginning like when Kuro visited us, so I'm
quite nervous.]

Yes, the biggest difference between this meeting and Kuro's visit to Lilia-san's
mansion is that I don't know much about the Goddess of Time... I still have lots
of composure in my mind when it was at that time with Kuro, but I don't really
know what's going to happen this time.

When I mentioned such concerns, Kuro replied with something I didn't expect.

[Fumu fumu. Then, do you want to take Ein with you?]

[Eh? Why Ein-san?]

[If I remember correctly, Ein was close with Chronois-chan, so it would be
easier to talk with her if you brought her with you, right?]

[Really?! Indeed, if that's the case, it would be really reassuring... But it's
really sudden, so I wonder if it would be convenient for Ein-san to come?]

[It'll probably be alright. Wait for a sec, okay... Ein~~ Will you go to the
temple with Kaito-kun tomorrow?]

[Understood.]

[Uwwaaahhh?!]

Right after Kuro muttered in empty space, before I knew it, Ein-san was right
next to me and answered back to her.

Eh? What the heck? Do all high-ranked Demons have to appear in a way that's bad
for my heart?

In response to the surprised me, Ein-san bows at a beautiful angle without
seeming to be particularly bothered by what she did.

[Kaito-sama, it's been a while.]

[E-Ein-san... When did you...]

[Responding immediately to her master's call is basic knowledge for a maid.]

[.........]

As I thought, the maids she's talking about are somehow different from the maids
I know.

But, well... Ein-san is a very dependable person for some reason, and since
she's on good terms with the Goddess of Time, I'm really grateful that she's
going to accompany me.

I was worried about tomorrow, but with her, I guess I could feel relieved,
right?

Yes, that's what I thought at that time. However, I should have made sure when
we were planning on bringing her a little more properly. I should have made sure
about the relationship between Ein-san and the Goddess of Time...

Early in the morning, when the sun had just risen, Lilia-san and I were once
again in front of the luxurious temple.

The Goddess of Time seemed to have paid attention to the schedule of this
interview, and since it was still quite early, there were hardly any people
around the temple.

And at the entrance, I met up with Ein-san who had arrived earlier than us.

[I have heard from Kuromueina-sama. We will be in your care today, Ein-sama.]

[I will also be in your care. Lilia-sama, Kaito-sama.]

After exchanging a brief greeting with Ein-san, we walked to the reception desk
of the temple.

It seems that they have already been told of our talks in advance, and as soon
as Lilia-san named herself, the priest began to lead us.

[Nevertheless, I'm really thankful. It's reassuring to have Ein-san here.]

[It would be my honor if I could be of any use... But, why am I told to
accompany you here?]

[...Eh? Errr, I heard from Kuro that you were quite close with the Goddess of
Time...]

When I spoke with her as we walked, Ein-san tilted her head like she's really
wondering about it, and looking at her response, I somehow felt some uneasiness.

[...We're quite close? Me and “that”? Dear me... I wasn't really aware that we
were like that, but if Kuromu-sama said it, then it must be so.]

[...Eh?]

Arehh? It's somehow different from the reaction I was expecting. Ein-san seems
to be really wondering if she's really close to her...

Just as my anxiety was growing because of Ein-san's response, we reached the
largest door in front of us.

The priest held out his hand toward the door, and after bowing, he moved away.
After a little while later, the huge door standing several meters in length,
quietly opened.

Inside is a very large, cathedral-like hall, with the Goddess of Time standing
in the center, clad in a presence that a Goddess would definitely have.

[You've arrived huh. I'm sorry to have called you out on this da—]

When the door opens, the Goddess of Time turns her red and blue heterochromatic
eyes towards us and speaks with a faint smile on her face—but her expression
stiffened while she's in the middle of speaking.

Silence fell as the tall, model-like figure of the Goddess of Time looked down
towards us, and we waited for her next words, feeling inexplicably
uncomfortable.

The Goddess of Time had a surprised look on her face for a while, then her
expression somehow changed to one that looked like she just bit down on a bitter
bug and muttered.

[...Why the heck are you...]

For a moment, I was freaked out thinking that she was talking to me, but I
realized that the Goddess of Time's gaze wasn't on me, but towards Ein-san next
to me.

Then, she glared with eyes that were clearly filled with anger and disgust.

[A midget of a woman walked in, so I thought some “trash” slipped in, but it's
you of all people huh... Ein.]

[Oya? Please excuse me, I had seen something standing without any curves at
all... so I unconsciously thought that the people had weirdly placed a “stone
pillar” in the center of the room, but it was just you huh... Chronois.]

[.........]

[.........]

Arehh? I feel like there's something weird in the atmosphere though? I thought
they were close friends... They don't feel like that at all though?!

Just as Ein-san quietly stepped forward, the Goddess of Time also went towards
Ein-san at the same time, and the two confronted each other near the center of
the room, staring at each other.

To be honest, I couldn't understand the situation, so I hurriedly turned to
Lilia-san, but she seemed to be in exactly the same state, shaking her head
while looking pale.

[...Considering that it's been a long time since we've seen each other, I see
that you're still as annoying as ever... You don't mind settling the past that
we haven't before right here, right?]

[Houuu... It seems like Gods are suicidal these days huh. I don't really mind
though? If that really is your wish, I guess I can help you prepare for your
journey to your death.]

[.........]

[.........]

After they quietly announced those words, I thought I saw something like sparks
clashing between them.

No, doesn't this look dangerous? The heck, Kuro, what's going on here?! This is
totally different from what you said, isn't it?!

In the midst of that atmosphere where the words “explosive situation” perfectly
fits, immediately afterwards, the positions in which both Ein-san and the
Goddess of Time were standing were swapped.

It's not that I blinked, but as if the frames were completely switched, the two
changed from facing each other to facing away from each other, and for some
reason, the Goddess of Time seems like she's shaking in anger.

[...Like I said, you bitch! Why the heck can you calmly move through my
“Suspended Time”, do you even freaking care about the laws of time?!]

[It shouldn't be unusual, for I am a maid. A maid is always in struggles with
the constantly moving time, making sure that every moment is spent to serve my
master... Something like this is something every maid can do.]

[Stop saying foolish things, there's no way every maid can do that!!! How can
such a nonsensical theory lead to the mass production of monsters like you?!]

[Only her master can bind her maid, and a true maid can not be bound by anything
but her master... Following this rule, even manipulating time at will is only
natural for a maid to do.]

[There's no freaking way that's the case!!! Stop with that ridiculous
all-maids-are-omnipotent theory!]

To be honest, even if it's just one argument, I'm in total agreement with the
Goddess of Time. In fact, I'd rather applaud her for saying it so well to her.

But seriously, this situation... How did it come to this?

[This poor-breasted goddess is just lacking in understanding that she's really
envious of my prowess.]

[How the heck is my breast size related to this?! Or rather, you're not that
different either!]

[No, mine is certainly larger than yours. This maid's eyes can't be deceived.]

[It looks like it's as midget as your height though...]

[.........]

[.........]

[ [ Die! (Worthless Goddess!) (Rotten Maid!) ] ]

How should I describe this scene that's unfolding in front of me right now...
No, I doubt I can describe it if I can't even see a thing...

[Hiiihhhh?! Kyaaaaahhhh?!]

A few minutes after Ein-san and the Goddess of Time started their fight, both of
them completely disappeared from sight, and the entire temple shook with some
kind of bursting sounds resounding from time to time.

The shockwave around us was probably supposed to be great, but it doesn't seem
like they're hitting the walls and floors of the reception hall, that also
includes Lilia-san and I, so I guess they're just keeping it in moderation.

My impression is that it would be like how there are intermittent earthquakes
occurring. What did we come here for again?

[Wait, how can you be that calm, Kaito-san?!]

[No... It's just that I've gotten used to things that I don't understand
happening out of the blue so...]

[Don't just go unpleasantly go becoming a philosopher on me! Hiiiihhhh?!]

Along with the pale expression on her face, Lilia-san's appearance, who is
screaming from time to time, is repeatedly trembling like a small animal looks
really cute. The huge gap between her usual calmness and her appearance as she
experiences this abnormal situation... Ah, no, it's just that I feel like I've
also had such moments when I lose my composure nowadays.

No, but in a way, this is probably a normal reaction to what we're seeing. In
fact, the strange one might have been me who has grown accustomed to abnormal
situations like this... Though most of them, including this one, is 90% Kuro's
fault...

[How did this happen?]

[It should be me who's asking it! Hiiihhhh?! K-Kaito-san, please do something!]

Grabbing my clothes with her trembling hands, Lilia-san looked like she's
relying on me as her eyes turned towards me.

It seems like Lilia-san is in quite a state of panic, as she desperately wants
me to help her but—please don't ask me for the impossible!

In this battle that looks like it's the decisive battle between monsters, what
could an average per... No, rather, what can I, a slightly weaker than average
adult male, do?

[No, as expected, this situation is kinda impossible for me... How about we just
wait until the storm passes by...]

[H-However... If it's Kaito-san, I think you should be able to stop them...]

[.......]

Strange, something's strange. Apparently, Lilia-san seriously thinks that if
it's me, I can stop those two. How high is Lilia-san's evaluation of me in her
mind?

Having a beauty asking for your help with eyes quivering in tears is a very
exciting situation for a healthy man to be in. If I were to respond to her
request and show her my cool side, her Affection Meters might go up a notch.

However, the difficulty level required for that Affection Points is beyond
demonic and is way impossible for me. It's like she's asking me to storm into a
place where the last boss and the hidden boss are fighting while I'm still level
1 and still wearing my beginner equipment. If this had been such a game, I'd be
smashing my monitor as hard as I could right now.

But unfortunately, this is reality and impossible things are impossi—No, wait.

It's impossible for me to barge into their fight, nor is it possible for me to
stop both side by force, and my words probably wouldn't reach them... But if I
just want to stop their fight, I might be able to do something about it.

With this move... The odds of this working might not be that high, but there's
no risk for failure.

To be honest, I'd like to wait for the storm to quietly pass, but the serious
matter at hand is Lilia-san, whose strength she uses while clinging to me for
some time now is getting stronger and stronger... And those bulges that men
don't have that have been inevitably pressing against my arm.

Though rather than my reason that's about to snap because of these tender fruits
clinging on me, I fear that the panicking Lilia-san's brute strength would
physically tear my arm off before that happened.

I seriously don't know where in those slender arms is she holding onto such
power, but I feel like my arm is starting to creak out unpleasant screams and
its time is about to run out.

Filled with determination to protect my arm from breaking like a bar of
chocolate any time soon, I closed my eyes and began to knead my magic power.

The magic I'm about to use is not something that I, a novice, could originally
invoke. But fortunately, being an otherworlder, I have an unusual aptitude for
this type of magic.

Sympathy Magic... What Kuro found out is that it has an excellent ability to
sense magic power, and it's capable of detecting the faint emotions contained in
magic that would normally be undetectable... But it's abilities aren't just
that, as it could also do the opposite.

Imbuing my emotions into my magic power, I would force others around me to
become aware of these emotions. That's one of the ways Kuro taught me to use
Sympathy Magic. It's just like forcefully connecting them by telepathy, and
although it still can't convey complicated information, Kuro said that if I were
able to use it well, I would even be able to communicate with people who don't
have the ability to speak words.

[ [ [ ?! ] ] ]

And in this kind of situation... It also works to people who had blood rushing
to their head, where words weren't able to reach them.

After a few seconds, my magic power filled with emotions telling them to stop
fighting is released from my body, and immediately afterwards, Ein-san and the
Goddess of Time, I could finally see the both of them with their fists clenched
together.

[That was... Kaito-sama?]

[...Hooohhh... You released your magic power while imbuing it with your emotions
huh? What an interesting magic you used...]

Ein-san and the Goddess of Time turned to me almost simultaneously and muttered,
but neither of them brought down their fists.

[My apologies, Kaito-sama. I'm quite ashamed that I let my emotions get the
better of me.]

[...I almost forgot my purpose for coming here. You mentioned that your name's
Miyama, right? I'm sorry, please accept my apologies.]

[Ah, no.]

Ein-san bowed her head first and returned behind my back, followed by the
Goddess of Time, who gave her apologies while straightening her posture.

It seems that it has successfully worked. If this move didn't make them stop, I
thought that it wouldn't matter anymore, but I had managed to protect my arm.

I did protect it... right? My arm is kind of numb and I can barely feel anything
in that arm anymore, but it should be okay, right?

[Lilia-san, I somehow managed to do it.]

[K-Kaito-san? What in the world is that just now... It's hard to describe, but
how should I say this... It's like I suddenly felt Kaito-san's emotions...]

Lilia-san was looking up at me with a surprised expression, so I replied to her
while feeling a new sense of anxiousness because of the distance between us.

[Errr, well, it seems to be that kind of magic. It's a magic Kuro taught me,
making me able to transmit my emotions to those around me...]

It seems like Lilia-san was convinced when I said that Kuro taught me about it,
nodding her head several times as if she was impressed.

[U-Ummm, so, Lilia-san... Errr, my arm...]

[...Eh? Huh?! M-My apologies?!]

When Lilia-san finally regains her composure for a bit, I tell her about various
things... mainly about my arm, which was already nearing its limits in terms of
endurance. With her face bright red, she then let go of my arm and bows her
head. I've thought of this many times before, but Lilia-san is very beautiful. I
don't know if nobility was innately in her personality, but I could feel the
dignity of a noble from her. Though I say that, I could also feel friendliness
appropriate for a woman of her age. Her breasts are well-balanced in size, not
too big or too small, and she can rightly be described as having the loveliness
and beauty of a princess.

I must be very fortunate to have locked arms with such a beauty, even if it's
just a coincidence that I happen to be the one who ended up going with her, but
anyway, after arriving in another world, I've finally accomplished the feat of
linking arms with a beauty that only riajuus are allowed to do.

I'm sure that the men back on Earth would be blazing in envy if they saw me now.

No, though seriously... I didn't know that when you link arms with them, the
blood drains from your hands and some leftover traces would leave a mark... I
can't even feel my arms at all, but it's still attached, right? I see, I've
heard before that love is a battle, and falling in love is an act of risking
one's life for it.

All of the riajuus have gone through such an ordeal and won the right to be
happy... They're actually awesome huh, those riajuus. Their arms must have been
made of titanium alloy or something like that.

Although things had become hectic in the beginning, the talks with the Goddess
of Time have once again commenced.

In front of us is a luxurious table made of crystal, and as soon as we are
seated at the prompting of the Goddess of Time, tea is served in front of us.

[Please have some tea, Kaito-sama, Lilia-sama.]

[Thank you very much.]

[Eh? Arehh? T-Thank you very much.]

She works as quick as always. Putting me aside since I've already seen her work
like that before, but seeing Lilia-san being bewildered as I expected, she
looked somewhat amusing. I bet Acht and the others must have had the same
thoughts when they saw me reacting like that back when we had barbecue.

[...Oi, you bitch... The heck is this...]

As I was thinking about this, the Goddess of Time raised her voice as if to
suppress her anger, and when I looked over at her... I saw that in front of the
Goddess of Time is a tankard? No, it was a container that had a size that it's
better to call it pitcher instead, and it was filled in white liquid.

It looks like milk from the outside, but putting milk in that large container is
really outrageous. In fact, it was completely just harassment now.

[What is it? Even though I've taken the trouble of getting you something to
drink... Well, I'm really doubting if that will have any effect on that cliff of
yours.]

[...I'm going to crush you, you bitch.]

[If you could do that, why don't you try...]

You two are going to start fighting again?! Do you hate each other that much?!

[......]

[......]

[Ummm, the two of you... The talks won't advance, so please leave it at that.]

[...That's amazing, Kaito-san. How can you cut in between them within an
atmosphere like that...?]

I told them to restrain themselves as I didn't want them to start butting heads
again, and it seemed like both of them seemed to understand as they turned their
glares away from each other and took their seats.

On the other hand, Lilia-san is looking at me like she's moved for some reason.
I'm worried that this will raise the bars in a strange direction again, but
anyway, the talks should advance now...

[You're right, my bad. Well then, once again, I thank you for accepting my
invitation on such short notice and for the trouble I've caused you. Lilia
Albert, Miyama Kaito.]

[N-No. It's a great honor for me to have this opportunity to speak with the
Goddess of Time.]

[You need not be so stiff. I'm the one who called you out, so you are, in a way,
my guests. Make yourself comfortable.]

[Y-Yes?!]

Despite the self-important tone, the Goddess of Time's voice has no sharpness in
it, and sounds somewhat gentle. However, that's only when she's talking to
others aside from Ein-san...

In contrast to her, Lilia-san is already so stiff to the point that it was quite
clear to see, as her back is stretched out and her shoulders are slightly
trembling. It's similar to when she first met Kuro.

[Well, though I said that, I've already solved most of the questions I've wanted
to ask you lot though.]

[ [ Eh? ] ]

[The reason why I called out to you lot before was, Miyama... I felt an
unordinary pressure from you.]

[A pressure...?]

[Umu. A pressure that shows indications of surpassing mine. As for its identity,
I found out when “that” arrived. I see, they're fragments of the Underworld
King's magic power huh... If that's the case, I can understand why I felt that
pressure.]

It seems like the reason why the Goddess of Time was interested in me is because
she sensed Kuro's magic power from me when we encountered each other before.

However, what did she mean when she mentioned that fragment of Kuro's magic
power? What came to my mind was that necklace with the magic crystal that Kuro
gave me before... but I temporarily left that necklace with Lilia-san, and it
wasn't returned until after Kuro formally visited Lilia-san's mansion. I at
least don't think I have it in my possession at that point.

[However, that fellow really doesn't change huh... I see she's still wandering
all around the world.]

[Well, that's just the way Kuromu-sama is.]

[...Fuuu, she didn't change.]

It seems like they remembered Kuro, who really fits the words “free-spirited”,
as not to mention Lilia-san and I, Ein-san and the Goddess of Time lightly
chuckled, and the air in the place became a little calmer.

Just like that, the conversation continues, as the Goddess of Time asked
Lilia-san about several things regarding the Hero Summoning this time,
discussing with her about how this irregularity occurred.

[As I thought, the reason for this is because a large amount of residual magic
has accumulated in the magic circle that has been used for a thousand years, and
that's why it went out of control... Well, I don't see any problem. We'll make
the necessary adjustments as we originally anticipated and repatriation
shouldn't be a problem.]

[So that's why huh... In that case, that's a relief.]

I found myself getting lost in their conversation right around the middle, but
it seems that Lilia-san and the Goddess of Time's conversation had settled, and
both of them seemed to have a relieved expression on their faces.

As Lilia-san and the Goddess of Time continued with their conversation, probably
about the small details regarding the arrangements for the future or something
like that, as I could only hear a conversation between them that's filled with
technical terms flying out one after another, Ein-san occasionally interjects.

And before I knew it, I'm completely left out of the conversation, or rather, I
don't know what they're talking about anymore, leaving me completely left
behind.

The atmosphere around feels like that, you know? That atmosphere where students
were excited as they made their group work, while one of them could only look
lonely as they could only look at the others. What I'm feeling isn't just half
as lonely as that.

However, even if I tried to participate in their conversation, unfortunately, I
can say that it's impossible for me with just the meagre things I know. I don't
even know what this magical performance of the magic circle and all these
jargons they're talking about right now.

Please, can someone tell me what they're talking about?

(The summoning magic circle were taking in magic power from the air over time,
but since we may need to send home several people this time, they would need to
replenish the magic power that they would need to use from other means, and they
were concerned about that.)

Ah, I see—geh, wait, wait... What is that just now? Why is some voice answering
that question I've been pondering in my mind?

Don't tell me... I am that lonely, that I have awakened some kind of new power?!

No, even so, that voice I just heard sounds very familiar.

(Do people in other worlds awaken their abilities through loneliness?)

If that's the case, all the loners in the world would have gained supernatural
powers.

Anyway, as I thought, that voice really sounds familiar. I mean, this unique way
of speaking without any intonation... Could it be, is that you, Shiro-san?

(That's right.)

Unnn, it's just as I thought huh. Putting that aside, what's with you talking
directly into my mind as if it's obvious?! Or rather, you can do something like
that?!

(I can.)

Seriously, you can do anything if you want it huh... Well, anyway, I can't
really say “it's been a while”, so I guess it should be “hello”, Shiro-san.
Thank you for the very expensive tea you gave me before.

(I'm glad to see that you're doing well too, Kaito-san. I remembered the word
“loner” which you taught me before when I saw your sorrowful back.)

Why did you have to unnecessarily add in your thoughts?! I mean, how come you're
talking with me at this time?!

(No, it's just that you were supposed to be called her for being the subject of
the topic, and for some reason, before you knew it, you weren't able to follow
what they're talking about, and since I saw that you were just drinking your tea
while occasionally responding to them. You seemed rather bored, so I thought I'd
talk to you.)

This absurd Goddess is gouging out a hole in my heart even though we just met
again?! I don't want to hear that kind of objective information...

W-Well, anyway, if Shiro-san can explain it to me... Then, I think I can follow
this incomprehensible conversation for a bit—

(Speaking of which, it seems that you are thinking about having the Duchess
acquire a change of pace. In that case, how about you participate in a festival?
An Elven Festival in the Symphonia Kingdom will be held next month.)

Unnn. I knew it... I already knew that Shiro-san was a person who acts as she
pleases in a different way from Kuro, and I would get sick if I keep on talking
about things I knew from the past.

I felt like I had already deviated from the supposed conversation by the speed
of light, and I've already given up following it, so I just decided to continue
talking(?) with Shiro-san.

A very serious conversation is going on in front of me right now. Especially
regarding the means to send me, Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san, they must have been
carefully talking about it to make sure that no danger would befall us in the
worst-case scenario.

This shows that Lilia-san is sincerely concerned about us, and the firmness of
her tone as she's talking with the Goddess, it was completely different from the
frightened look she had a few moments ago, which is very encouraging.

But in the midst of all this, I, one of the subjects of their concerns... was
chatting with someone who wasn't even here. Even though I can't participate nor
could I even follow the conversation, I feel terribly sorry for them.

Truly, since I came to this world, the people I met have all been kind to me...
and while I am grateful for that, I also feel apologetic for the constant
inconvenience I've caused them.

It might make me feel better if someone else called me out for being a
douchebag, but thankfully, there's no person that would say such a—

(You're a douchebag.)

......shut up there, airhead Goddess. Why is it that you're throwing a counter
punch just when people are being solemn to themselves? Please don't shatter the
words I just said about everyone I met being kind.

W-Well, the only reason Shiro-san said that was because she thought it might
make me feel better if someone else cursed me and she just complied. She may be
strange, but she's a kind person.

(You just put me down, then raised me up. It must have been some kind of trick
to accumulate Affection Points, isn't it? That is to say, I'm also Kaito-san's
capture target too.)

Geez, you just messed up a lot of things. Or rather, you said Affection and
Capture Target—Could it be that you're the one who taught Kuro all those strange
information...

W-Well, let's just leave it at that and change the subject... or rather, go back
to our previous subject. There's an elven festival around this time of the year?

(The “Sacred Tree Festival”, a festival that is also large in it's own right.)

Sacred Tree Festival? It sounds like a great festival, but it's kind of
difficult for me to imagine what kind of festival it is.

Since it was called Sacred Tree, I guess it's a festival about trees huh?

(This is the time of the year when the Sacred Trees worshipped by the elves bear
fruit. Therefore, at this time of the year, hunting and harvesting are the main
events of the elves, and although it's not very flashy, it's a festival that
many people visit.)

Fumu, so it's something like a harvest festival huh? It's almost like a village
festival where everyone eats the fruit they've harvested and the prey they've
hunted. However, if it's going to be a festival about a tree worshipped by the
elves, it might be a pretty big one.

From what I've heard, it sounds like a pretty good festival, and the fact that
there are a lot of humans visiting means that it isn't a festival that only
elves are allowed to participate in.

However, the problem is the location. The place where the Sacred Tree Festival
will be held in, is it close to Lilia-san's home... or perhaps, is it even in
the Symphonia Kingdom? If it's too far away, it might be difficult for us to
attend.

(The forest where the elves live is within the territory of the Kingdom of
Symphonia.)

Shiro-san gave me an immediate response to the question that popped into my
head.

...Is that so. Then, is it at least within a reachable distance?

(It's in this location.)

The moment Shiro-san told me that, a map of the Human Realm appeared in my mind,
and a red mark was blinking a little distance away from the royal capital.

The heck is this, this feels creepy! Should I describe it as images directly
flowing in my head? Shiro-san really can do anything huh... I mean, this is
already some kind of mental attack to me.

Hmmm, forcing images to appear in the other person's mind, depending on how it's
used, can do some terrible things.

(If you wish, I can also display arousing imagery as well.)

[I never asked for something like that though?!]

[ [ [ ?! ] ] ]

[...Ah.]

Because Shiro-san said something extremely unexpected, I couldn't help but say
it out loud instead of just thinking about it in my head, and the three people
that were talking with each other looked at me as if they're asking me what was
going on.

[K-Kaito-san? What's with you all of a sudden?]

[Ah, no...]

[Is something the matter?]

[N-No, that's not the case...]

I responded to Lilia-san, who looked worried as she looked at me, while the
Goddess of Time tilted her head while asking me who was breaking out in cold
sweat.

[Chronois... Perhaps, Kaito-sama is somewhat tired.]

[Fumu, we've certainly been talking for a while, haven't we? Miyama, should we
take some break?]

[Kaito-san, I know it's not something I should say since I forced you to come
with me, but if it's too tough, please don't force yourself and take some
break.]

[...Errr, ummm...]

They're absurdly worrying about me?! W-What the heck do you do in this kind of
situation?! Shiro-san, please don't stay silent there and say something!!!

(Something that's too crazy might be impossible, but if it's porn from
Kaito-san's memories, I can jog your memory and show it to you.)

This Goddess still hasn't understood a single thing about the situation?! Why
the heck are you adding information even though no one's asking that?! And one
more thing! As for that suggestion you just said... Please tell me in
full-details later!

After firing my tsukkomis at Shiro-san like a human machinegun, I hurriedly
explained to Lilia-san and the others who were looking at me with puzzled looks.

[N-No, just now, Shiro-sa—Goddess-sama was speaking directly to my head, and I
just mixed up my replies...]

[ [ [.........] ] ]

A-Arehh? Something about everyone's eyes feel chillier than before. Eh? Why?

[...K-Kaito-san? As expected, that's not something...]

[Huh?]

[...Miyama, seriously, are you okay?]

[Ehh?]

[...There doesn't seem to be any abnormalities in his pulse or temperature.]

[Wha?!]

The three of them have clear concerns towards me, as they throw words of
concern, worrying about my condition.

W-What's going on? Aren't all gods able to speak directly to other people's
heads like Shiro-san?

(No, not all Gods can.)

Why didn't you tell me that kind of important information earlier?!

I finally figured out why these three are looking at me with expressions that
say “What the heck is this guy talking about?”... Apparently, normal Goddesses
can't do things that Shiro-san can.

By the way, Shiro-san, does that mean a lower-ranked Goddess can't do that? Were
they able to do that when they became a high-ranked god or something like that?

(There are some that can do that.)

I see, in other words, this method of conversation is something only a few
high-ranked Gods can do, and since what I said implies that I was talking to a
high-rank God right now, that's why I'm in this situation.

The fact that Ein-san also looks puzzled means that she hasn't heard from Kuro
about how I received Shiro-san's blessing.

A-Anyway, this situation isn't good, I have to quickly explain this to them and
clear up the misunderstanding...

As I was thinking about how I was going to explain Shiro-san to them while I was
also checking some things with her, Lilia-san spoke to me while holding my hand
with a gentle smile on her face.

[...It's alright. Of course, I believe in Kaito-san's words. So please feel at
ease and calm down.]

[.........]

The figure of me, who was apparently looking down and thinking about how to
respond, seemed to look depressed to Lilia-san and the others, and that's why
Lilia-san tried to gently tell me words of encouragement.

However, this way of talking to me is...

[T-That's right! Maybe the God of Thoughts has been playing a prank on you! I'll
have to go visit her and give her a warning.]

[Kaito-sama, I have prepared a relaxing her herb tea for you. If you wouldn't
mind...]

[..........]

They've completely shifted and are now treating me with great caution?! It's
like they're already treating me like a wounded child?!

Wait, Shiro-san! Shiro-saaaann!!!

(What's the matter?)

What's the matter, your head! Who do you think is responsible for this
situation?!

(I dunno?)

This useless Goddess... If I don't do something fast... Anyway, my priority
right now is to clear up everyone's misunderstandings...

However, what am I supposed to do in this situation? Lilia-san, Ein-san and the
Goddess of Time all have compassionate expressions on their faces, like they're
completely appeasing a child.

I think that whatever I say to them in this situation will only be met with a
gentle affirmation and comfort.

...Shiro-san, I'm begging you, please help me here. Seriously, my spirit is
already in shambles, so please do something about this situation.

(I understand.)

In response to my plea, which could be described as the scream of my soul,
Shiro-san replied with a simple acknowledgement.

And immediately after, the guest room became filled with light for a moment...
And Shiro-san appeared as if it was natural.

[ [ [ ?! ] ] ]

[In this way, there wouldn't be any problem if we just directly talk with each
other, right?]

I-Indeed, it's difficult to prove to others that I'm mentally talking with
someone, but it will be easier to explain if Shiro-san, the root of this
problem, comes out.

I don't know if this is a fine play on my side though... Arehh? Why do I feel
like Lilia-san and the others stiffened where they stand?

[Sha-Sha—Shallow Vernal-sama?! W-Why are you in this place?!]

It was the Goddess of Time who recovered from her shock the fastest. She was
clearly shaken when she saw Shiro-san's appearance, but the Goddess of Time
immediately knelt on the ground and bowed her head.

...I somehow feel like this flow is turning strange. To be specific, it's as if
I've attracted an even more troublesome situation than my attempt to escape from
the troublesome situation I was in before.

I mean, the Goddess of Time—a Supreme God, is clearly talking to her like
Shiro-san's her superior. Her acting this way could mean that it's that, isn't
it? What I mean is that Shiro-san is...

The truth that's coming into my mind in the midst of all these agitated thoughts
is starting to make my head hurt... As if to affirm it, Lilia-san, who looked
like she was about to pass out while holding my hand, murmured with her
trembling voice.

[...C-Cre-“Creator God”... Shallow Vernal-sama...]

Appearing in the place where we're having talks with the Goddess of Time is
Shiro and with her appearance, the atmosphere of the place looked like they've
seen something unbelievable. I guess that's to be expected, for Shiro-san is the
Creator God... The head of the Divine Realm.

With the sudden appearance of such an existence, the area was completely frozen.

[Sha-Shallow Vernal-sama. W-Why are you suddenly in the Human Realm...]

With her head hanging down, her voice slightly trembles as the Goddess of Time
asked.

I had heard that the Divine Realm was a completely vertical society, but it
became clearer to me as I looked at the Goddess of Time. Even for the Goddess of
Time, who has the status of being the Supreme God, second only to the Creator
God, it seems that Shiro-san, the Creator God, is a completely extraordinary
entity for the Goddess of Time.

And while the Goddess of Time was kneeling like that, Shiro-san... didn't seem
to be particularly bothered, and before long, she sat down in a chair that
appeared before I knew it and began to drink her tea. It looks like she's
completely ignoring the Goddess of Time though...

[E-Err, Shiro-sa—]

[Insolent!!!]

[?!]

I was about to unintentionally throw a tsukkomi at Shiro-san's behavior of
acting as she pleases just like she always does, but was interrupted by the
Goddess of Time's sharp voice.

Ah, shit... I've really messed up. I spoke to her the same way I've been doing
just a few moments ago, but the other party is the top of the Divine Realm, the
Creator God, and she is supposed to be an existence that shouldn't be spoken to
so casually.

Without even having time to apologize for my blunder, the Goddess of Time turned
her sharp eyes towards me.

[You bastard! Who the heck do you think you are to speak so casually to Shallow
Vernal-sama!]

[I-I'm sorr—]

[I myself allowed him, does he need to get permission from some other people?]

[...Eh?]

[Wha—?! Shallow Vernal-sama?!]

I was about to hurriedly apologize to the Goddess of Time, but my words were
interrupted by Shiro-san.

Then, Shiro-san turned to the astonished Goddess of Time with the expression she
usually has, and repeated in a voice with no inflection at all.

[Does he need to get permission from some other people?]

[N-No, my apologies.]

Receiving these words that don't have any inflection at all... Words that may
feel frighteningly cold when said at this timing, the Goddess of Time turns pale
and deeply bowed her head to apologize.

Yes, I can understand how the Goddess of Time is feeling very well. When she
repeats something with that inflectionless voice of hers, it's terribly
intimidating...

[It's been a while. Shallow Vernal-sama.]

[Kuro's attendant. It's been a while.]

At that moment, Ein-san also greets Shiro-san while kneeling on the ground and
deeply bowing her head.

The greeting she did isn't the usual greeting that Ein-san usually does, but
with etiquette of the highest level, as if she were before a king, and that
shows how high Shito-san's position is. For even that Ein-san is showing that
much respect to her...

Perhaps sensing my thoughts, Ein-san, who came over my way after giving
Shiro-san a simple greeting, silently mutters.

[...That should be obvious. Shallow Vernal-sama has the ability closest to
omnipotence in this world. She isn't someone I can ever oppose.]

Apparently, Shiro-san is seriously the real thing among the Gods. She's almost
omnipotent, and isn't at a level that something like a cheat could ever reach.

I see. I could now understand why Kuro laughed so hard when I talked about my
conversation with Shiro-san before.

That is to say, I just said “That's impossible for you” to an omnipotent God.
Ignorance is a scary thing...

And then, that's when I suddenly remembered. The person who was here, but
remained silent until now...

[Lilia-sa...n?]

[.......]

When I moved my gaze to the side, Lilia-san had... fainted on the ground with
bubbles frothing out of her mouth.

[Hey, Lilia-san?! Are you alright? Please get a grip!]

[...Huh?! Ka-Kaito-san? I-I'm sorry... It's just that I had a strange dream. How
is it possible that the Creator God would suddenly appear in front of me...]

[You talking about me?]

[...T-The Creator God? It isn't just a dream?]

[Yes.]

[A-Awa—Awawawawa, m-my apologies. I—I've b-b-b-been impolite, errr, ummm...
Kyyuuu~]

[Lilia-san?!]

Somehow the situation seems to be far beyond Lilia-san's tolerance, as when
Shiro-san spoke to her, Lilia-san's eyes moved around in circles before she
fainted again... Ah, this is no good.

For the time being, let's just leave Lilia-san like that. She'd just probably
pass out if I woke her up again so... Let's go to Shiro-san's side first to
restore the tension in the air.

[Err, Shiro... No, Shallow Vernal-sama.]

[You can just call me Shiro like you always do.]

[No, as expected, that is...]

[You can just call me Shiro like you always do.]

[H-However...]

[You can just call me Shiro like you always do.]

[Ah, yes.]

You're that firm that you won't even concede to that?! The glances of the
Goddess of Time that seem like she's asking “Who the heck is this guy?” really
hurts, and I wish she'd stop looking at me like that...

Anyway, errr, an explanation, yes, we need to explain it to them... or rather,
I'd appreciate it if you could explain it to them...

[Kaito-san is the human I've granted my blessing to. I was the one who was
talking to Kaito-san earlier. And I came here because I heard his request to
clear up the misunderstanding.]

[ [ ?! ] ]

Thank you very much for your terribly concise speech that sounds like you're
dropping a bomb on them. Both the Goddess of Time and Ein-san are completely
surprised, frozen in their places...

However, Ein-san is Kuro's maid, and after a little while, she nodded her head
in agreement, as if she somehow figured out the situation.

The problem is the Goddess of Time, and with an expression that looks like she
completely doesn't understand, she flusteredly spoke to Shiro-san.

[Sha-Shallow Vernal-sama granted your blessing to a mere human?! W-Who the heck
is this Miyama?]

[Kaito-san is an otherworlder.]

[...No, I don't think that's what she's trying to ask.]

It seems to be a shock to the Goddess of Time that the Creator God has blessed
me, a mere human, as she asked if I'm some kind of extraordinary being... But as
expected of the Airhead Goddess, she doesn't read between the lines at all just
as usual.

Look, Shiro-san, the Goddess of Time wants to know why Shiro-san gave me your
blessing, and what kind of relationship I have with you.

If you just tell them that you were asked by Kuro to bless me, they should be
able to understand, then we can just throw this whole situation to Kuro,
settling this matter here...

I tried telling to Shiro-san, who can read my mind, what I want her to explain
in my mind. It seems like Shiro-san understood as she nodded once. She then
turns to the Goddess of Time and opens her mouth.

[Initially, I performed the blessing noncommittally at Kuro's request, but since
I was interested in Kaito-san, I removed my previous blessing and seriously
granted him my blessing.]

[Sha-Shallow Vernal-sama is interested in him?!]

[...Wait, Shiro-san?]

[We had tea together afterwards. Right now, we're still in a relationship where
he raises and lowers my Affection meters, as it seems like I'm Kaito-san's
capture target.]

[Huh? Errr, Afexion? Capture target? T-That is... What kind of relationship is
that?]

[It's a relationship which improves along with the rise of my Affection meters,
before we ultimately “develop into a sexual relationship”.]

[Wha—?!]

[.........]

Why the heck are you throwing nuclear bombs here, you stupid goddess!!! Instead
of settling the matter here, you just made things far more troublesome than
before?!

Even just your explanation of what Affection and Capture Target just blew
everything up!!! In the first place, doesn't that knowledge of yours come from
an adult game? Seriously, where is this person getting all her information?

It seems that relying on Shiro-san was a mistake, as the Goddess of Time
stiffened with a face that looks like a haniwa, and I could only hold my head in
my hands.[^haniwa]

Thereupon, I've spent a long, long time... A really long time trying to
desperately gather the words of excuses just to clear up this misunderstanding
between the Goddess of Time and Shiro-san.

It took a lot of hard work, really hard work, to explain the situation to the
Goddess of Time, but I somehow managed to convince her.

I already threw 90% of the blame for that to Kuro. Well, it's isn't really wrong
to say that she is at fault, as even Ein-san agreed that it was mostly Kuro's
fault, not to mention the Goddess of Time.

By the way, after Lilia-san gained consciousness, she's been trembling with a
blank look on her face, but I feel like she's somehow staring at me with
grudging eyes. Incidentally, before she was acting like that, she told me “I
need to talk to you about something after we return.” in a voice that seemed to
resonate from the pits of hell.

I remembered she once asked me “You're not hiding any friendship you had with
any other outrageous people anymore, right?!” and I replied with “I don't know
any other demons anymore”... But she's a God, not a Demon, and I also didn't
know that she is the Creator God... If I were to say something like that, would
she forgive me? My future looks grim...

[However, receiving the blessing of Shallow Vernal-sama... Shallow Vernal-sama
is the world's God, and receiving her blessing means that Miyama has received
the blessing of the world itself.]

[I dunno.]

[...Why is Shallow Vernal-sama tilting her head?!]

As if to confirm the Goddess of Time's words, Shiro-san tilted her head as if it
was natural, and looking at her response, the Goddess of Time held both of her
hands on her face.

Somehow, the Goddess of Time resembles Lilia-san... She's probably feeling
really troubled right now...

[Let's also prepare some teacakes. Kaito-san, you like baby castellas, right?]

And Shiro-san completely ignored the Goddess of Time who had her hands on her
head. The Goddess of Time really looks pitiful there.

Also, please don't treat it like all people like baby castellas. It's true that
baby castellas are the food that I brought into my mouth the most since I came
to this world. After all, I've been eating at least one baby castella almost
every day.

However, it isn't that I like baby castellas, but it's because of that little
demon girl that invades my room every day, bringing it with her, so I ate them.

And every time I would politely have some, I would find that its flavor
changed... Just yesterday, it was filled with red bean paste. Where does her
tremendous obsession with baby castellas come from?

[Apparently, the best thing about them is that they're easy to eat and they
don't break when you carry them around like cookies.]

[Is that so. By the way, what food does Shiro-san like?]

[I don't have any preference.]

[Fumu fumu, I like sweet stuff like confectioneries, I like apple pies... I
guess you would rather call them ripple pie in this world. I particularly liked
it that I even tried to make it myself... But I couldn't make it very well.]

I can't really do anything more for the Goddess of Time, so I just put her aside
for now and started chatting with Shiro-san.

Shiro-san listened to me with a blank expression on her face and after she
looked like she understood something, she waved her finger. Then, a ripple pie,
which seemed to be freshly baked, appeared on the table.

[Here you go.]

[Ah, thank you very much... a freshly made one just appeared out of nowhere, so
did it come out from something like a magic box?]

[No, I just created it just now.]

[...Is that some kind of power that the Creator God can do?]

[Yes.]

[I feel like it's a colossal waste of power though.]

[That might be so.]

Once again, I think it's a problem that I'm talking to the Creator God so
casually, but Shiro-san doesn't seem to mind it... Or rather, she looks like
she's having fun as the corners of her mouth are raised up a bit, and as we're
having conversation about something I can understand, I'm also having fun.

Lilia-san and the others still seemed to be in the middle of a discussion about
the summoning magic circle, as once the chaos in their minds began to fade, they
resumed their conversation on that subject.

I can't follow their conversation at all, so Shiro-san will have to talk with me
for a while longer.

[I see, so this is what it means to be a capture target.]

[That's definitely not the case.]

Well, there's been lots of confusion, and it might be rude for me to say this...
I have lots of things to complain about, but I enjoy talking to Shiro-san in a
different way than when I'm talking with Kuro, and one way or another... we're
probably getting along.

---

Quietly stepping away from Kaito and Shallow Vernal who were chatting with each
other, Chronois, Ein, and Lilia looked at each other.

[...Kaito-san is amazing, for him to be that close to the Creator God... I feel
suffocated just looking at the Creator God, not to mention having a conversation
with her.]

[No, Lilia. Your reaction to her presence is normal... Shallow Vernal-sama is
clearly different from us, and the magic power she was clad in intimidates
everyone around her. Therefore, unless you're a very strong person, you
shouldn't be able to act as usual in front of Shallow Vernal-sama... How is it
that Miyama is able to have a normal conversation with her?]

Looking at Kaito, who is somehow happily talking with Shallow Vernal, Lilia
exclaimed in admiration while Chronois inserted a follow-up.

Just as Chronois said, the magic power of an almost omnipotent being like the
Creator God, Shallow Vernal exerts a pressure that would inadvertently
intimidate everyone, even with just the magic power that's leaking out of her
body.

Even though they're not as strong as Shallow Vernal, the Supreme God Chronois
and the “Duke-Rank high-ranking demon” Ein can still be intimidating before the
less powerful Humans. That is also what Kuromueina did when she visited Lilia's
mansion before.

But just like what Kuromueina was doing in the beginning, both Chronois and Ein
would normally try to avoid unnecessarily intimidating the people around them,
suppressing the magic power in their bodies, and that's why Lilia was able to
hold conversations with those three people, even though she was still nervous
before them.

However, Shallow Vernal has no such thoughts in her mind, as even in normal
times, she isn't suppressing her magic power. Of course, it's insignificant
compared to when she's releasing her magic power at full force, but even so, the
being called Creator God, Shallow Vernal is beyond standard, as even just the
magic power clad in her body... is powerful enough to rival the magic power that
Chronois and Ein emit when they're ready for battle.

Therefore, for him to exchange words properly without being intimidated by
Shallow Vernal should have been impossible to do so without the power of the top
class of the world, such as Chronois and Ein.

[...It's probably a special characteristic of his. It's only a guess, but
Kaito-san's body... or rather, his magic power seems to be accepting and
adapting to non-hostile magic power at a frightening rate.]

[I see, speaking of which, he did release his magic power while imbuing his will
in it. Magic that influences the mind and emotions must be his forte. And for
him to be able to go against the magic power of Shallow Vernal-sama, he must
have one heck of a talent.]

[That's probably the reason why Kuromu-sama held such a strong interest in
Kaito-sama.]

[...That really might be the case, the more powerful a being is, the more
interesting they may find someone like Miyama, who hardly has any power, but was
able to exchange words with them as an equal. In fact, I also found him
interesting when I heard your thoughts just now.]

Yes, so to speak, Kaito is a very rare and interesting existence from the point
of view of overwhelmingly strong people like Chronois and the others.

Although his existence is so small that it can be said to be vulnerable from the
point of view of these women, he was still someone that wouldn't be intimidated
unless they released their magic power filled with hostility.

Recognizing once again the rarity of the existence of a being like Miyama Kaito,
after being silent for a bit, Chronois turns toward Lilia with a serious
expression on her face.

[...Lilia. You better be careful from now on.]

[...Eh?]

[He easily enthralls those who held great power... which means that it would be
highly likely for such beings to hold interest in him. However, even though they
may hold interest in him, the question of whether they would like him or not is
another matter.]

[...Y-Yes!]

Listening to Chronois who told her about it with a serious expression on her
face, Lilia seems like she had somehow guessed the meaning of those words, as
she sat up straight and nodded her head.

Yes, it's easy for Kaito to attract the attention of strong beings. That is to
say, there's a good chance that he will continue to attract the attention of
such strong people in the future.

[Be especially careful with the Six Kings. The only one you and that guy have
properly spoken to is the Underworld King, right? Don't think of that thing as
the standard for the Six Kings, that thing is quite an oddity even in the Demon
Realm.]

[.........]

[If you can, stay away from the territories of the War King and the Death King.
If their mood is ruined, they will kill you without mercy, even if you're an
otherworlder...]

[?!]

[Especially “The Death King, Isis Remnant”... You've probably seen her before,
right? That thing's very existence is a “lump of death”... Take great care not
to get involved with her.]

[...Yes.]

After taking in the meaning of the words that Chronois seriously said, Lilia
very nervously nodded her head.

She originally never planned to visit the War King and the Death King's
territory, but after hearing those words just now, she thoroughly etched it on
her mind.

Seeing Lilia like that, Chronois slightly smiled.

[Well, if the situation gets too out of hand, you can always give me a shout.
I'll lend you a hand at that time. I'm one of the Supreme Gods, and I don't
think I would arrive too late to take on the Six Kings.]

[Those words reassure me.]

While watching Chronois and Lilia exchanging words, Ein was quietly thinking.

(The Death King, Isis... “The King of the Sorrowful Souls” who rules over a
multitude of undead... However, if he were to meet her, if it's Kaito-sama...)

Her eyes were looking at Kaito as he exchanged words with the Creator God, as if
she were expecting something.

---

Returning to Lilia-san's mansion, I feel exhausted as if that conversation with
the Goddess of Time had taken days, even though it should have only taken a few
hours.

Ein-san wanted to talk with the Goddess of Time a little more... Or maybe
they're actually talking with their fists, as we parted ways with her at the
temple... Hmmm. It may really be just as Kuro thought, those two somehow might
really be close with each other.

When we got off the carriage, Lunamaria-san was there to receive us, and she
approached us with a somewhat worried look on her face.

[Welcome home, Milady, Miyama-sama.]

[Thank you for receiving us, Luna.]

[Milady? You look very tired... I thought you would be able to deal with the
conversation with the Goddess of TIme but...]

[No, it would have been nice if it was just the Goddess of Time... But I never
expected that I would meet the Creator God there...]

When Lunamaria-san called out to her, Lilia-san muttered as her shoulders
slumped down, as if to say she was seriously tired.

Hearing those words, Lunamaria-san looked astonished for a moment before tilting
her head like she heard something strange.

[What are you saying, Milady? Why would the Creator God visit the Human Realm
except for the Festival of Heroes?]

[Yes, that's really... what I thought.]

[Eh? Errr, Milady?]

While her face was facing down to the ground, Lilia-san muttered, then
immediately turned towards me and grabbed my collars with both of her hands.

The face that was looking at me was half-crying, with an expression that looks
like she's already being desperate about something.

[Seriously... What the heck does this mean, Kaito-san!!! You said that you don't
have any connections with other outrageous people before!!!]

[N-No, errr, I also didn't know that...]

As she held onto my collar, she rocked my body back and forth while raising her
complaints, but Lilia-san, isn't the force you're using too strong?! I can't
breathe!

It seemed that Lilia-san, who has finally released from her already extremely
nervous state, had the switch of her temper completely turned on, as the power
she's using to swing my body is getting stronger and stronger, and the person
herself seemed to be completely oblivious to it.

[You had connection with the most outrageous person though!!! Why, of all
people, do you have a connection with the Creator God?! And what do you mean you
got her blessing!!! What the heck does Kaito-san want with me!!!]

[Wai—, Lilia-san... neck... can't breathe...]

[Ummm, Milady...]

Lunamaria-san seems like she's also flustered, as she's trying to calm Lilia-san
down, but she doesn't seem to hear her at all.

[I don't even feel like I'm alive anymore!!! I mean, that's the first time I've
heard the voice of the Creator God, you know?! You don't know any other
outrageous people anymore, right?! That's really the last one, right?! Please
just say it now if you actually know the World King or someone like her! It's
because my heart can't take it anymore!!!]

[...No... Before that, your hand... I-I'm going to...]

[Milady, Milady!]

Ah, this is no good, I couldn't grasp my consciousness anymore. I feel like my
body is also physically floating, but Lilia-san is really absurdly strong, I
can't break free from her grip at all.

Speaking of which, I think Kuro had mentioned before how people can reinforce
their body using their magic power... I guess once I learn that, I'll be able to
endure something like this...

[Milady!!!]

[What is it, Luna? We're talking about something really important here...]

[I understand how you feel. I'm sure that you've been through a lot... But if
you don't let go of him soon, Miyama-sama's soul will begin departing to another
world before I can even finish explaining myself.]

[...Eh? Ahhh?! Ka-Kaito-san?! I-I'm sorry! Are you alright?!]

After Lunamaria-san's voice finally reached her ears, Lilia-san's face turned
pale and she hurriedly let go of her hand that was holding my collar.

When I was finally released from her grip, I couldn't feel my body anymore and
felt it tumbling on the ground... My body really was floating there.

[...Somehow... I feel like I saw my dead mother and father waving at me...]

[Kaito-san?! Please get a grip of yourself!]

Along with Lilia-san's voice which sounds like it's becoming farther and
farther, I feel my consciousness disappearing.

Waking up after losing my consciousness, I saw Lilia-san apologizing to me in a
dogeza... Receiving such an apology from her to such an extent, it was me who
felt rather apologetic instead.

Well, I was also the cause of this problem in the first place, and considering
the anxiety that Lilia-san received today, there is no way I can complain about
it.

“I'll do anything as an apology” or so Lilia-san said such a dangerous
statement, but I'm also feeling sorry myself, so I told her not to worry about
it and just went back to my room.

I'm not as tired as Lilia-san, but I'm also quite tired today, so I went back to
my room and leaned my body deeper into the chair... drinking the coffee that was
held out to me like it was normal, while thinking about the events that happened
today.

[Ahaha, you could say that it's really like Shiro... but good work out there.]

[...I'm really tired.]

I'm not going to tsukkomi about Kuro being here as a matter of course from the
time I returned, and I just told her about today's events while drinking coffee
and eating some baby castella.

[Speaking of which, in the end, does Ein-san and the Goddess of Time get along
at all? They look like they would bite each other's heads earlier...]

[Hmmm. They certainly fight with each other often, but the one who acknowledges
Chronois-chan's ability is Ein, while Chronois-chan also acknowledges Ein's
ability. They had probably fought a battle that would result in a draw like
usual, and they were now drinking alcohol together now?]

Fumu, when she says it like that, you could certainly say that they are good
friends.

The Goddess of Time and Ein-san are friends who always quarrel with each other,
and the fact that they can talk to each other without reservation about their
true feelings shows how close they are... Well, but if that were the case, I
would have liked it if she explained they were like that beforehand...

[It seems like Kaito-kun went through lots of troubles huh~~]

[It feels like most of them were Kuro's fault though...]

[Ahaha, that might be so.]

Seeing Kuro wryly smiling, I can't help but smile as well.

As I thought, I somehow really am feeling at ease when I'm talking with Kuro,
probably because she's the person I've been talking with the most since I came
to this world, so it's much more comfortable since I don't have to worry that
much while talking with her.

No, well, she was originally the Underworld King, an outrageous high-ranking
demon but... She doesn't usually have that majesty that kings have...

[Arehh? Why do I feel like I'm being ridiculed here?]

[...It must have been just your imagination.]

While Kuro's expression changed as she fumbled around, I can feel myself calming
down as we continued to leisurely chat, relieving the fatigue I felt on this
day.

[Speaking of which, I think I talked a bit about this to you before, Kuro, but
about having Lilia-san get a change of pace, Shiro-san talked about going to a
festival... What do you think of it, Kuro?]

[Ahh, that sounds great. This year is the year of the Festival of Heroes after
all, so you would be able to choose to attend as many festival as you want.]

[Unnn? Is it different when it's the year of the Festival of Heroes?]

Of course, I know that there's a big festival called the Festival of Heroes, but
that's supposed to be at the end of the year... Thus, I tilted my head and asked
her back, wondering if things are different this year. Thereupon, after a
moment's pause, Kuro clapped her hands, as if she had realized something.

[That's right, I haven't mentioned this before, have I? In addition to the main
festival held in the Friendship City, Hikari, there are many other festivals
held throughout the year. If you include those that would be held in the Demon
Realm, God Realm, and the festivals in small villages, there should be a
festival somewhere every day.]

[Heehhh... Is that so. In that case, I think it might be a good idea to find out
the different kinds of festivals there are.]

[Unnn, unnn. If you're going to a festival in the Demon Realm, I'll show you
around if I'm available~~]

[That's reassuring. Then, I'll be counting on you at that time.]

Shiro-san recommended a festival called the Sacred Tree Festival, but according
to Kuro, there are many festivals going on all over the country. If that's the
case, it would be better if I consult with Lunamaria-san and choose a festival
that would be easy to participate in.

At the very least, since I don't know much about this world, I don't think this
is something I should decide on my own.

[Alright! Well then, with that out of the way... Kaito-kun! Come here!]

[...Unnn?]

Just like what Kuro said, that topic should have come to an end. However, why is
Kuro tapping the bed? Could it be that there's something hidden under that
bed...

No, wait, it may have just been me not living in this world long enough.
However, fishing for stuff underneath people's beds shouldn't make them discover
their dirty treasures. Thus, there must be another purpose for her action... I
have completely no clue what it means though.

[What's with the bed?]

[It's not about the bed. I'm just asking Kaito-kun to lie down here.]

[...Ehh?]

[It's alright. Just “entrust your body to me”... okay?]

W-W-W-What the heck is happening?! Kuro wants me to entrust my body to her?
I-I-I-Is she talking about t-that? No, wait! No matter how you think about it,
this is just too early. I certainly am beginning to see Kuro as someone of the
opposite gender, but putting aside confessing my feelings to her, we've only
gone on a date once.

While I was thinking about this, Kuro took off the black long coat she always
wears and put it on a nearby chair.

[K-Kuro?! W-What are you... Why...]

[Unnn? No, you see, it'll get in the way.]

[Wha?!]

It's the first time I've seen Kuro take off her long coat. I didn't notice it
when we were on our date because she's wearing a different outfit, but Kuro's
clothes daringly expose her shoulders huh... A-Am I going to sweep along like
this? I-It seems like today is the day I'd climb the stairways to adulthood...

[Kaito-kun, you look exhausted, so I'll give you a “massage”!]

[.........]

[...Arehh? Kaito-kun?]

[...I'm sorry for being a filthy human.]

T-This is embarrassing! I feel like fire would start coming out of my face!
Misunderstanding the situation on my own, I'm just going to agonize about this
on my own? I-If there's a hole somewhere nearby, I'd like to jump right in.

[K-Kaito-kun, what are you talking about?]

[............]

Her pure gaze piercing through my heart hurts.

[...Please kill me.]

[Why?! It's alright.]

[...I'm not alright.]

[Eh? What?]

Even though Kuro genuinely cared about my exhaustion and offered me a massage,
for me to have such ugly imaginations...

Thereupon, as I was feeling so embarrassed and ashamed that I held my face,
Kuro, who was worried about me, urged me to lie face down on the bed.

[Errr, Kaito-kun?]

[M-Massage, right?]

[Unnn. As long as Kaito-kun doesn't mind though.]

[Thanks. I'm in your care then.]

Anyhow, I want to get away from this embarrassment for now, so I asked Kuro for
that massage. Since I can't see Kuro's face, I feel a little more relaxed with
my body laid down like this.

However, I immediately regretted this decision.

[Up we go.]

[?!]

Along with a grunt, I felt softness and a slight weight on my lower back.

Don't tell me... No, I can't be mistaken here. Kuro's riding on my waist?!

[K-Kuro?! W-What are you...]

[Eh? Sorry, am I heavy?]

[N-No, you're surprisingly light...]

[Then, it should be alright!]

No, that's not it! The problem isn't your weight, but what I'm currently
feeling. The fact that Kuro is riding on my waist means that the soft touch I'm
currently feeling is...

Awawa, what should I do?! I-I mean, have girls always been this soft? Oblivious
to my agitation, Kuro reached for my shoulder and began massaging me.

[...Kaito-kun, does it hurt?]

[N-No.]

[I see, that's good. I'm gonna do it a bit stronger now, okay?]

[Y-Yeah...]

With Kuro's power that allows her to easily pierce the seal fruit, which is as
hard as steel, with her fingers, she could probably pierce a hole in my body if
she wanted to. However, Kuro has a superb control over her power, and the
feeling of stiffness in my shoulders being loosened up was just a pleasant
experience. But more than that, the problem is the feeling of Kuro's touch.
Perhaps, because I couldn't see Kuro while I'm laid down like this, I can feel
her warmth so vividly in my mind. I'm well aware that my body is heating up. I'm
not sure if it's the fact that the massage has improved my blood circulation or
I'm just simply aroused being in this situation.

[Arehh? Kaito-kun... Your face looks red, are you alright?]

[I-I-I-I'm alright!]

[R-Really?]

I thought my heart would burst out of my mouth when she suddenly called out to
me. No, I don't think it's possible for me to not be this conscious in this
situation. After all, I'm conscious of Kuro as a member of the opposite gender,
so it's only natural that I'd be nervous about being physically in contact with
her. Of course, I don't intend to trouble Kuro. She only had pure concern over
my body. Well, I'm both happy and embarrassed by this genuine goodwill though...

[...Kuro?]

[Unnn?]

[Errr, Kuro... do you give massages often?]

[No. It's the first time I've done this. I've had someone massage me before
though. That's why, I'm sorry if I'm doing it badly.]

[N-No, ummm, it feels good.]

[That's good then.]

Her gentle voice echoed warmly in my ears, and along with the pleasant feeling
of the massage, I felt as if I were in heaven.

[Kuro... Why is it...]

[Unnn?]

[...No, sorry. Nevermind.]

[Really?]

Why is it that she's this kind to me? As I was about to ask her such a question,
I stopped. It's just my hunch, but the answer to my question... can't be given
by Kuro, but I need to be able to convey my answer to Kuro...

[...Kuro.]

[Unnn?]

[Thanks for everything.]

[Fufu, you're welcome... I guess?]

Within the gentle and ticklish atmosphere, a smile naturally appeared on my
face.

The 19th day of the Fire month. Perhaps, I slept lightly, as I woke up early
today and it was still dim outside the window. When I looked at my pocket watch,
I saw that it was still 4 AM.

Well, although it's still early, I don't feel like I'm sleep-deprived because I
went to bed earlier than when I was on Earth, where I would usually stay up late
on my computer or watching TV.

Thinking about this, I walked down the hallway towards the dining room to get
something to drink. The wide corridor gives me a sense of tranquility as the
number of servants I currently see in the mansion is relatively low, partly due
to the fact that it was still early.

There are two types of servants working in Lilia-san's mansion, those who
commute from home and those who work as live-in workers, and the only ones I see
at this time of day are the live-in workers. Even though I've been in this world
for more than two weeks now, there are still many people whose names and faces I
don't recognize, especially those who make their rounds at night or early in the
morning... They are the so-called thanes, and there are hardly any of them that
I know. Incidentally, although it was quite surprising, Lilia-san's personal
maid, Lunamaria-san seems to be commuting from her home rather than living in
the house, and since she lives with her mother at her home not far from the
mansion, I won't be able to see her late at night or early in the morning.

However, even though I hardly interacted with a lot of people, there are still
some that I recognize, and when I arrived at the dining room to get a drink,
there was one of the few people I had interacted with in there.

[Good morning, Sieglinde-san.]

[.......]

A red-haired woman sat alone in the corner of the dining room, sipping a cup of
tea. Spotting Sieglinde-san, who had offered to guide me when I went to buy
books.

Thereupon, Sieglinde-san puts down her cup of tea and returns my greeting with a
nod.

[By any chance, have you just finished your work?]

[.........]

[As I thought, good work.]

[.........]

Sieglinde-san is a live-in worker, and seeing the sword that was propped up next
to her seat, I asked her why, thinking that she was in charge of the
midnight-to-dawn security, and Sieglinde-san nodded in affirmation.

The fact that she's drinking tea now probably means that the time she's in
charge has ended and she's now taking a break before getting to bed.

After she bowed her head hearing my words of appreciation, Sieglinde-san looked
at me and made a gesture of tilting her head.

[Ahh, I woke up kind of early and thought I'd like something to drink.]

[.........]

When I told her why I had come to the dining room so early in the morning,
Sieglinde-san moved her gaze towards... I don't really know what it's called in
this world, but it's similar to those service wagons used to serve in hotels on
Earth, and taking a new cup out and a pot of tea from the trolley, she signaled
towards a nearby chair and suggested I sit down.

[Eh? Thank you. Well then, I'll presume upon your kindness and join you.]

[.........]

Figuring out Sieglinde-san's intentions, I told her my thanks and sat down in my
chair. Sieglinde-san then put the cup in front of me and expertly brewed a cup
of tea.

[Thank you very much... It's very good.]

[.........]

The taste of the tea, brewed at a comfortable temperature, warms my body as I
wake up from sleepiness. It tastes different from the tea that Lunamaria-san
usually brews for me, as I could taste a slightly sweet flavor... Though it
isn't like the sweetness of sugar, probably a fruit? It has a gentle sweetness
that doesn't spoil the flavor of the tea.

[Somehow, it has a slight, gentle sweetness to it.]

[.......]

When I told her how it tastes, Sieglinde-san smiles and shows me a small bottle
with some kind of dried fruit in it. Perhaps, this tea has that fruit in it and
that's where the subtle sweetness came from.

[Is that... from dried fruit?]

[.......]

Sieglinde-san smiles again as I stare at the bottle with interest. She then
takes out a small piece of paper from the pocket of her clothing and writes a
few words in it.

“It contains dried ripple fruit.”

[Heehhh... So that's why it's sweet.]

The ripple fruit is a fruit that has a similar taste to the apple back on Earth.
That is to say that this crimson-colored tea is like an apple tea.

But the exquisite taste of this tea and the temperature that is adjusted to make
it easy to drink are due to Sieglinde-san's excellent skills.

[I've learned something again. Sieglinde-san is very good at brewing tea huh.]

[............]

When I told her my honest impressions, Sieglinde-san's cheeks blushed a bit and
she shook her head as if she was being bashful, but even I, a novice, can
understand that this flavor isn't something that can be produced with just a
short amount of practice.

Looking at her slender, tall and well-defined face, I had imagined her to be
something like a martial artist based from the story that she used to be a
skilled knight, so I was surprised—though it may be rude for me to say this, but
along with how cooking is her hobby, Sieglinde-san may be a family-oriented
woman.

[Ah, speaking of which... I got some tea leaves a while ago and they were so
good, but do you know what kind of leaves these are from?]

[.... ?!]

I suddenly remembered the tea that Shiro-san had given me before, and I felt
that Sieglinde-san seemed to know a lot about tea, so I took the opportunity of
asking her about it.

I asked because this tea tastes really good and if these were being sold
somewhere, I'd love to buy some more but... Seeing the bottle that I had taken
out from my magic box, Sieglinde-san's eyes widened, looking surprised for some
reason.

Then, she reached out her hand to get a closer look, so I handed her the bottle
of tea leaves, and she began looking at it from various angles. After looking at
it for a while, she still had that surprised look on her face as she picked up
her pen.

“I think this is Glorious Tea. Though it's the first time I've seen the real
thing myself...”

[...Is this a rare tea?]

“This is a tea that only exists in the God Realm, it was a phantom tea that was
even called as God's Miracle.”

[...Could it be something very expensive?]

“I doubt that it would be something that would appear in the market in the first
place, but even if you were able to buy some, I'm sure that it won't cost less
than tens of thousands of R for a single cup.”

[...I-Is that so.]

Shiro-saaaaannnnnnn?! Why the heck did you give something this outrageous like
you're just casually giving me souvenirs?! What did she mean that it would cost
tens of thousands of R for a single cup? A cup of tea that costs millions of yen
is already at a level of tea that I shouldn't have known of...

Even Sieglinde-san looks like she had seen something unbelievable...

[It's actually tea that the Goddess gave me. Though I didn't expect that it
would be that expensive...]

[...?!]

When I explained that the tea leaves were given to me by the Goddess,
Sieglinde-san's expression showed surprise again. As I thought, it really is
very unusual to receive something from a Goddess.

Well, it was actually a gift from the Creator God, not just any Goddess... but
she would just end up becoming more surprised, so let's just keep silent about
this.

I don't know if Sieglinde-san was interested in the Glorious Tea or not, but
after I finished explaining, she looked at the tea leaves with great interest
before handing the bottle back to me.

[...Ummm, Sieglinde-san. If you would like, do you want to drink some of this
tea?]

[...?!?!]

I could sense that she really liked drinking tea and was very interested in it,
so I suggested it, but Sieglinde-san panicked when I said so, shaking her head
vigorously.

She's still holding back probably because this tea is apparently very
expensive... But I wanted to thank her for the good tea and for the delicious
jam cookies she told me about, so I'm going to change my way of suggestion for a
bit.

[Errr, how about this then? This tea is so delicious that I want to drink it...
but to be honest, I have very little experience in brewing tea and I'm not sure
I can brew it well. So, can I ask you to brew it for me, Sieglinde-san, and in
return, Sieglinde-san can drink the tea with me?]

[.......]

Hearing my suggestion, Sieglinde-san looks troubled for a while before staring
at the bottle I held out to her. Finally, it seems like her curiosity got the
better of her, she bowed her head once with an apologetic expression on her
face, took the bottle from me and started to brew tea. As expected, she's very
good at brewing tea, and seemed to be very adept at preparing it, and after a
little while, a pleasant aroma wafted through the air.

It seems like Sieglinde-san also prepared some sweets for us, as
delicious-looking cookies were set out in front of us along with the tea. Then,
after receiving the bottle from Sieglinde-san, which had about a third of its
contents reduced, we drank our tea. As I thought, this tea is extraordinarily
delicious. It's understandable why it was called with an exaggerated name like
“God's Miracle”.

[Sieglinde-san, what do you think? What do you think after you drink it
yourself?]

[.........]

I asked her what she thought of the tea, but even if she didn't say anything,
the smile on her face was enough to convey the happiness from the bottom of her
heart.

I mean, seeing the cool-looking Sieglinde-san with a happy smile that rarely
appears on her face was enough to make me feel like it was worth it for me to
suggest drinking the tea.

While thinking about this, I brought a cookie to my mouth... This cookie is also
very delicious.

It's not something that screams being high-class, and it rather has a homely
taste. A simple taste that is gentle on the palate, and one that I personally
like very much.

[These cookies are also very tasty and I feel some kind of warmth from them.]

[.........]

When I told her what I thought of the cookies, Sieglinde-san looked a little
embarrassed again, as she wrote on a small piece of paper with her pen.

“I made them as a hobby, but I'm glad they seemed to suit your palate.”

[Eh? Did Sieglinde-san make these cookies?]

[.........]

[...That's amazing. Not only are you great at brewing tea, you could also
skillfully cook.]

[.........]

To my surprise, these cookies were apparently made by Sieglinde-san.

The cookies are so beautifully baked that even if she said that they were bought
from a store, I would have believed it, and that alone conveys Sieglinde-san's
cooking skills.

As usual, the person in question vigorously shook her head in embarrassment, to
the point that I could hear the sound of air shaking along with her head...

[Sieglinde-san...]

“You can just call me Sieg. That's also what my friends call me.”

[...Well then, once again, Sieg-san, do you often make sweets like this?]

[........]

[Heehhh... I actually tried baking a little bit in the past, but I couldn't make
it right at all. If you can give me some tips and tricks, could you please teach
me?]

I wonder why? Such words inadvertently came out of my mouth. Even though it's
been years since I've tried my hand at making sweets... Perhaps, because
Sieg-san treated me as a friend as a matter of course, I felt happy.

[........]

[What I tried making before? I tried making apple pie... Errr, a fruit pie
before, but it kinda looked flattened out here and there...]

![Insert 1](../../_Images/v02/Insert1.jpg#.insert)

After having some conversation with Sieg-san for a while, I walked down the
hallway again.

It's still dark outside as it is now 5 AM... I began heading towards Lilia-san's
office, where she must have been staying up all night. When I reached my
destination, I took a deep breath before knocking on the door and announcing my
name.

Then, after I heard Lilia-san saying that I can enter, I went inside the room.

[Good morning. Lilia-san.]

[Good morning... What's the matter? Isn't it still early?]

As soon as I walked in, I noticed the large desk in which Lilia-san was writing
what looked like a letter in there. Seeing my arrival, she stopped for a moment
to return my greeting with a smile on her face.

I could see some fatigue on her face, which may have been because she stayed up
all night, but she is a former member of the Knight Order. Her basic physical
capabilities are different from mine, as she looked much more energetic than I
had imagined.

[No, I just woke up early... Lilia-san, you really stayed up all night huh?]

[Yes, I can't really slack off with this quantity.]

[...Somehow, I'm sorry for that.]

[You don't have to apologize. I may have said something like that to you
yesterday, but I'm rather grateful to you, Kaito-san.]

Since I'm about half the reason why Lilia-san is buried in this massive amount
of letters, I somehow felt guilty and uttered an apology, but what I got back
from Lilia-san was words of gratitude instead. When I tilted my head because of
the words I never expected to hear, Lilia-san wryly smiled at me before
explaining.

Although Lilia-san was a former princess, she had been away from social circles
for a long time while she's a member of the Knight Order. For that reason, after
she acquired her peerage... It seems that she had a hard time making those
so-called connections. Fortunately or unfortunately, she suddenly became the
woman of the hour, and it may be difficult for her, but at the same time, it was
also a lifeboat carrying Lilia-san from her troubles. She explained that in the
current situation where she was thought to have strong connections with the
Demon Realm and the God Realm, this would be an opportunity for Lilia-san to
have a very advantageous position in relation to other nobles, and she was
really grateful for that.

[...Even if I were the head of my family, it could be said that I'm quite
inexperienced for my role. I'm really grateful, having acquired such an
opportunity... However, since I'm taking advantage of Kaito-san's friendship for
my own reasons, I rather feel like I need to apologize to you instead.]

[Errr, I didn't really do anything special so...]

[I knew you would say that... But, at least, please let me say my gratitude.
Thank you very much, Kaito-san.]

[Ah, no, errr, you're welcome?]

[Fufufu, well, I'm telling the truth when I said this is bad for my heart, so
I'd rather you not do this again next time.]

Lilia-san's gentle smile as she thanked me, together with her beautiful
appearance, was filled with a very inquisitive charm.

After exchanging a few words, I remembered the original purpose of my visit here
and opened my mouth again.

[Ah, that's right. Lilia-san, Sieg-san... Sieglinde-san has brewed me a cup from
the tea that the Goddess gave me before, and I know you're tired from writing
letters all night, so do you want some?]

[Eh? Would it be alright?]

[Yes, of course.]

[...Thank you very much. Indeed, I'm a bit tired, and I think I should get some
break.]

Yes, the reason I came to visit her was to bring Lilia-san some tea. Time won't
pass for the things I put into my magic box, so I stored the entire pot of tea
that Sieg-san made for me and brought it with me. No matter how well she acted,
the color of fatigue could still be seen on Lilia-san's face. She's a serious
person, and I'm sure she hasn't had much of a break in the middle of her work,
so if possible, I wanted her to take a break at this time.

Perhaps sensing my intentions, Lilia-san put down the pen in her hand and after
bowing to me, she began clearing her desk a bit.

Then, when I saw that there was enough space on the desk, I took the pot out and
a cup from the magic box, and placed the tea and the cookies that Sieg-san
shared with me in front of Lilia-san.

[It smells so good, doesn't it?]

[Yes, Sieg-san said it's a tea that can only be found in the God Realm.]

Lilia-san gracefully brings the cup to her mouth as if she's enjoying the aroma
of the team and after a while, her eyes slightly widened.

[...It's wonderful. I've never had a tea as tasty as this one.]

[The tea seems to be a good one, and Sieg-san was quite skillful in brewing it.]

[Speaking of which, Sieg praised Kaito-san before.]

[Eh? Is that so?]

[Yes, she said that if you would need an escort next time, then let her be the
one in charge...]

[...Well, I'm also quite grateful for that, to be honest.]

As Lilia-san took a break, we exchanged some idle chatter for a while, and since
we didn't want to turn into a hindrance after touching some of the letters on
the desk, we ended up leaving the room and finding an appropriate place to drink
tea. I can't really say since it may just be a hunch, but I still have the
feeling that Lilia-san had been quite fatigued. If you think about it, an
irregularity happened just as she was the one in charge of the Hero Summoning
for the first time in decades, and on top of that, she has encountered unusual
situations in a row recently. From our point of view, Lilia-san is a
knowledgeable and reliable figure of authority, but if you were to exclude the
filters that she was from another world and is one of the nobility, she's only
one year older than me... She's not a being beyond human knowledge, nor is she a
superwoman that breaks people's common sense. And in terms of personality, she's
probably the type of person who doesn't talk about painful things, which is a
bit worrisome.

I hope that participating in the festival that I would be discussing with
Lunamaria-san would be a nice change of pace for her...

Well, other than that, let's do our best not to bother Lilia-san.

---

The royal castle of Symphonia Kingdom. In one of its rooms, the King of the
country was holding onto his head.

[...Where is she at now?]

[Yes. We've confirmed a “great migration of animals” to the west of the king.
It's definitely...]

[...I see. Be sure to notify the neighboring citizens to stay away from the
mountains.]

After receiving the report from the knight, Symphonia's King had a bitter
expression on his face, as if he had bitten down on a bitter bug. The cause of
the King's anguish was the existence of a certain being that had been confirmed
in Symphonia Kingdom's territory a few days ago. The first news of this being
came on the day he ordered the defeat of the wyverns that had built their nests
in the northern mountains. The flock of wyverns' appearance wasn't exactly an
emergency. The Knight Order has a lot of excellent people, and the adventurers
that they have asked to help them are all very good, and thus, the King thinks
that they will not lag behind the wyverns in terms of capabilities. In fact,
every single one of the knights has returned without any casualties. That was
something extremely delightful... but the King couldn't believe his ears when he
received the report from the Knight Captain when they returned.

When the knights arrived at the site, every single one of the flock of nearly 50
wyverns was already dead. Moreover, their corpses “doesn't have a single scratch
on them”... and there, the knights reported that they've encountered the most
terrifying being in the world.

[...What do you think “Death King-sama” is doing now?]

[I'm not sure. Considering that she's been moving through each mountain, so she
may have been searching for something?]

Yes, the knights encountered one of the Six Kings, the pinnacle of the Demon
Realm... The Death King, Isis Remnant.

The Death King is the most feared being in the world, and it is said that if you
encounter her, you will die. As expected, that was but an exaggeration, as all
members of the Knight Order are actually alive and well. However, not all of the
rumors about her were false.

[How are the knights who went to the Wyvern Subjugation?]

[...About a third of them seemed to have received mental injuries... There are
some who can't stop shaking.]

[...I see, they saw Death King-sama up close after all. It's no wonder.]

Death King Isis Remnant... It was said that a weak-minded person would faint at
the mere sight of her, and that many knights were already prepared to die the
moment they encountered her. And it wasn't just the Humans who felt that way.
The moment the Death King took a single step within their territory, the animals
that had inhabited the mountain immediately fled, which was more than enough to
convey how terrifying of a being she is. And the King... No, everyone who knows
about the situation now became afraid of something.

[...Do you think Death King-sama would come to the royal capital...]

[I don't know. However, the locations she's been spotted at keep getting closer
every day.]

The Death King is a being that rarely leaves the Demon Realm, and other than
when the Festival of Heroes takes place, she's rarely seen in the Human Realm
like this. However, that doesn't mean that she never visits. The Death King is
famous for being a book lover, and visits the Human Realm once every few years
or so to buy books. Even so, it was unusual for that being to be sighted for
several days just like now.

[...As soon as it's certain that Death King-sama is coming to the royal capital,
leave as little guards as possible at the gate, have the knights take the role
of bookstore clerks, and notify the citizens to not leave their homes...]

[Understood. Should we notify Duchess Albert-sama of this situation first?]

[You're right, the otherworlder children don't know how terrifying Death
King-sama is. If they should happen to encounter Death King-sama, they might go
insane from sheer terror. Send a messenger as soon as possible.]

The three otherworlders staying in Lilia's mansion weren't residents of this
world, so it seemed too dangerous for them to encounter the Death King.

[How about the one who plays the role of Hero, Mitsunaga-dono?]

[Tell him to temporarily suspend his visits to the surrounding villages and
return to the royal castle.]

[Understood. I will make arrangements immediately.]

After giving instructions to the knight, the King sat down deep in his chair and
heavily sighed.

[...I hope nothing happens...]

The words he mumbled sounded like a prayer.

[^haniwa]:
    Haniwa's are terracotta clay figures that were made for rituals during the
    Kofun era.
