---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 4: The Slothful God

In the morning of the 24th Day of Fire month, in front of me standing in the
garden of the mansion, Yuzuki-san is running around the garden at a tremendous
speed.

[Miyama-senpai, this is so much fun!]

[You're really fast. It's difficult to follow you with my eyes.]

[Ahh, if I enter a competition with this, I'd definitely win.]

[Ahaha, that's for sure.]

It has only been a few days since Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san awoken their magic
power almost simultaneously, and perhaps, because they were otherworlders, each
of them had their own special abilities like Kuro said. Yuzuki-san seems to have
a tremendous aptitude for Body Strengthening Magic, and after just a few days of
awakening her magic power, she has acquired a level of physical ability that
could be called inhuman, especially since running was originally her forte, so
when it comes to speed, it seems that even Lilia-san and the others are no match
for her. Incidentally, Body Strengthening Magic itself is a magic that can be
said to be the most basic of the basics, and I can also use it but...
Unfortunately, I don't have any talent in that kind of magic at all.

It seems that Yuzuki-san could originally have a record of 12 seconds for a
100-meter run. At this point, she's already much faster than me who was only
around 14 seconds, but with the speed Yuzuki-san has when she uses her Body
Strengthening Magic, running for about a hundred meters... would only need her
about a second. In terms of speed, you could say she could reach over 300km per
hour.

That's right, when Yuzuki-san uses her Body Strengthening Magic, she can run as
fast as a bullet train. Magic really is amazing. By the way, when I tried using
Body Strengthening Magic myself and when I tried a hundred-meter run, my record
which was originally 14 seconds... turned into 13 seconds. Clearly speaking, it
was a difference that could be described as something within calculation error.

And, Kusunoki-san doesn't seem like she can use a special kind of magic, but she
has an unusually high aptitude for earth-attribute magic, and if it's
earth-attribute magic, she can even use intermediate-ranked magic. Therefore, if
the magic Kusunoki-san, Yuzuki-san and I were to be ranked, based on combat
abilities... mine would be the weakest. Well, it's not that I'm saying that
magic is all about having high combat abilities and we never had a chance to
fight in the first place, but the young man within me still finds it kind of
disappointing.

I know that this is a peaceful world and it's forbidden to use attack magic in
urban areas, and I don't think that I would want to fight against monsters. But
even if that's so... I'm a boy after all. It's hard not to yearn for the cool
offensive magic, and it's always a good idea to have some means to protect
yourself in a pinch.

[...And so, do you think I can somehow do something about this?]

[...Eh?]

After telling about the events that happened this morning, I asked Kuro, who
hadn't shown up for the past few days as she seems to be busy. Thereupon, Kuro
looks unusually puzzled, as if to say that my question was clearly unexpected.

[N-No, Kaito-kun. Isn't this where you do that? Isn't this where you pursue what
Chronois-chan told you the other day? Isn't this where you would go “Kuro, who
the heck are you?!” or something like that?]

[...Unnn? Arehh? How come Kuro knows about that?]

[Chronois-chan is a really serious person after all. She had asked for my
consent first before coming to you and talking about this, Kaito-kun.]

[How should I say this... I guess that's really like Chronois-san.]

I see, I don't know if there's such a thing like a privacy protection in this
world, but it seems like Chronois-san had asked for Kuro's consent about the
fact that she would tell me about some parts of her background. I guess she
really is like Lilia-san, Chronois-san must have a very upright personality...

[Well, it's not that it really matters though...]

[It doesn't matter?! No, no, look, Kaito-kun. Wasn't that a pretty shocking
fact?]

[That is pretty shocking, and I've also had various thoughts about it but...
It's just those situations which I've never expected, how should I say this...
“I guess I got used to it.”]

[...Somehow, it kinda looks like Kaito-kun had grown to be someone indomitable.]

It's not that I don't have some thoughts on Kuro's past based from the things
Chronois-san told me, and of course, I was quite surprised, but after thinking
about that matter in my own way... I came to the conclusion that I don't really
understand even after thinking about it.

[B-But, look! Aren't you wondering what my true form is?]

[Ahh, I think she mentioned you were a black smoke, right? Hmmm. In short,
you're some kind of “cotton candy monster”, right?]

[That's not even close at all though?!]

[I see, hmmm. Well, I guess I don't really... care about it that much.]

[Eeeehhhh?!]

As if my reaction was unexpected, Kuro looked very surprised and confused while
I just drank my coffee. I certainly am shocked to hear that Kuro had once
attacked the God Realm and that she was hiding her true power and form, and I
thought about it a lot on the day I heard it.

[However, I thought that even if I were to ask you, you would just dodge the
question anyway...]

[Uggghhh, n-no, I don't know. What if I could have given you some kind of hint?]

But well, even after thinking about it, my thoughts just ended up with “So
what?”.

Even if Kuro is actually the big bad guy, and even if she asked me what I can do
about it, I can't really do anything about it. Kuro is far more powerful than I
am. It would be a matter regarding whether there's even anything I can do or
not. On the other hand, if she was just a good-hearted person just as I've
always thought, then there's nothing wrong with that.

In the end, there's nothing I can do about this question even if I think about
it... Besides...

[Even if Kuro had invaded the God Realm with malicious intent in the past, and
even if you had some kind of plan on why you're taking care of me... I don't
think that it's going to stop me from being thankful to Kuro, and I don't think
that it's going to change the fact that Kuro is an important friend of mine...
So, it doesn't really matter.]

[...D-Damn it... What you said somehow sounds cool, I can't even think about how
to respond to it...]

[Well, that's why I'd like to hear about it from Kuro if you're willing to talk
to me about it, since I'd also like to know more about you... but I'm not really
that much in a hurry to hear about it from you.]

[...Mhhmm.]

Yes, that's the conclusion I arrived with after thinking about it.

I'd love to hear it if Kuro would tell me about it, but I don't want to force
her to tell me something she doesn't want to talk about. So, I'm not going to
press her with all sorts of questions. However, I'm not going to just wait for
her to tell me about it, I would also think about it and get to know Kuro
better. In that case, wouldn't I naturally hear the answer when it comes? Unnn.
How should I say this... It may have been because I've gotten used to this
world, but I feel like I'm beginning to think about all things more calmly.

I don't know if it's because she didn't like how I explained it, as Kuro seemed
to be sulking as she pouted her cheeks, but it doesn't seem like she's able to
come up with any particular words to refute my answer. Her childlike behavior is
so adorable that I unconsciously reached out my hand... and poked her swollen
cheek.

[Hyyaaahhh?! K-K-Kaito-kun?! What are you doing all of a sudden?!]

[Arehh? That reaction of yours looks new...]

[Suddenly poking a girl's cheek, that's cellular harassment!]

[...”Sexual harassment”.]

[Mnnggghhh...]

[Ahaha, sorry, sorry.]

How should I say this, thinking about how we usually act, it's kind of amusing
how our positions are reversed right now, and I can't resist laughing. Kuro
looks like she's sulking, as she looks at me with her cheeks puffed out like a
hamster stuffing itself with sunflower seeds, but she doesn't look scary at all
and instead, she just looks cute.

[...It's not that my heart is beating fast. It's just that I was surprised to
see that Kaito-kun became a little bit cooler to my liking...]

[Hmmm? Did you say something?]

[I didn't say anything, Kaito-kun, you idiot!!!]

[Like I said, I'm sorry already...]

Until now, I may have been taking the attitude of taking a step back behind Kuro
since I'm quite grateful that she saved me. However, when I've abandoned those
thoughts and gotten closer to her, I could see a side of Kuro that I've never
seen before. There's no need for me to make assumptions based on the things I've
heard from others. Looking at Kuro with my own eyes, I think it's fine if I
slowly think about it... About what kind of person Kuro is, and how I would
interact with her.

[Come on, Kuro. You don't have to sulk that much.]

[I'm not sulking. I don't feel like I've lost to Kaito-kun, nor am I sulking!]

[Fufufu.]

[Mnhh.]

Well, anyway, for the time being, I guess I should start putting the grumpy
princess in a good mood...

The 25th Day of the Fire month. With the situation regarding Isis-san settled,
the laid-back have returned. What has changed though is that Kuro has begun
teaching me battle-oriented magic. However, it's not like I wanted to become an
adventurer or anything like that, so studying about this was for my
self-protection.

I don't have that much magic power though, so it seems like I couldn't use very
strong magic, but it seems like she's adjusting her lessons to suit my aptitude.

I'm still relying on Kuro for the moment, but I hope the time comes when I give
something back to her in the near future.

As I had such thoughts in mind, I walked down the street near the mansion I've
been visiting frequently in the past few days. The objective today was to visit
Alice's general store which I visited the other day, and although I wasn't
really planning to buy anything in particular, I was somewhat curious about the
situation there.

[Oya? You're that child with Underworld King-sama before, aren't you? Welcome,
just you alone today?]

[Hello. Yes, I'd like two Red Bear Sandwiches to go please.]

[Got it.]

On the way to Alice's grocery store, I stopped by the Red Bear Sandwich that I
had visited before on my date with Kuro, and bought a sandwich for myself and
Alice. I had some great shopping last time, so I thought of visiting her with a
present.

Well, I bought a hundred thousand yen worth of items a few days ago, so there
should be no way she hasn't eaten anything and is starving now...

A small store in an alley off the main street, with a sign that said “General
Store” just like before. When I arrived at the restaurant, I opened the door
without anything in mind... and closed it immediately.

Just now, I feel like I saw something strange. No, I was probably just seeing
things, but I feel like I just saw a cat costume laid down on the floor. It's
that, right? I just opened up the wrong door and found myself in the strange
dimension it's connected in. Alright, let's open the door more carefully...

[...This is bad... It isn't just on the level where my stomach feels sore
anymore, it feels like my stomach has a hole in it...]

[..........]

[I really can't move anymore... Can't even take a step anymore...]

[..........]

A familiar animal costume had her back on the floor, mumbling things to herself.
To be honest, I've just arrived but I really want to go home as soon as
possible, but I tried holding it in and just looked at the “idiot” in front of
me.

[...Unnn? Ahh, Kaito-san, are you here to buy something again? Or rather, please
buy something.]

[...Hmph!]

[Hyiiih?! H-Hey! Why the heck did you just try to stomp on my face?! That's
dangerous!]

[...Ah, sorry, I didn't notice you're there.]

[No, no! Our eyes totally met just now! You totally wanted to stomp on my face!]

I tried to accidentally stomp on the laid down animal costume, but
unfortunately, she quickly evaded... I thought you can't move anymore...

[Stomping a beauty's face as soon as you meet her, how violent can you be,
Kaito-san?!]

[No, with your stature and where you're lying at, it's not like my foot would
really hit your face.]

[...Well, it certainly just almost reached around my mouth.]

[Then, it's alright.]

[I see! You're right ...like heck it is! No, no! Isn't that strange?!]

A self-tsukkomi...?! As I thought, she really isn't someone simple.

[...Why do you look so impressed? Isn't it wrong to be impressed here? Heck,
Kaito-san, don't you think you're too harsh on me? Please gimme some more
affection! Affection!]

[..........]

Looking at Alice, who raised her upper body and joking around with her arms
spread wide, with a cold gaze, a little while later, as if to get the situation
back to square one, Alice greeted me.

[...Erhem. It seems you're back, Kaito-san.]

[Y-Yeah.]

Seeing how her character is as deep as usual, I responded with a wry smile, but
then, Alice dexterously rubbed her costumed hands together.

[So, did you come to buy something again today? May I ask what you're looking
for?]

[No, I didn't come to shop today...]

[Tsk... You're just passing by huh... I see you're having my suffering as your
side dish for today's meal! Other people's misfortunes taste like honey after
all!!!]

[...I brought you a snack but...]

[Well\~\~ Kaito-san, I missed you! I really missed you so much! It should have
only been a few days, but I feel like I've been waiting for your arrival for
years! Now, now, please sit. I'll go make you some tea!]

[..........]

T-This bastard... I-I wanna hit her so much...

Watching Alice's demeanor suddenly turn 180 and prepare a chair in front of the
counter, I'm tempted to punch her in the head as hard as I can, but I managed to
restrain myself from doing so and took a seat.

Thereupon, Alice begins to take off her stuffed costume, coming out wearing the
opera mask I saw before.

[Arehh? You're wearing that mask in your stuffed costume this time?]

[Yes, I don't want to be humiliated by having Kaito-san suddenly strip me and
stare at my nakedness in broad daylight like before.]

[...Stop that misleading way of speaking.]

[Putting that aside, Kaito-san! Food, where's the food?! Quickly, could you
please quickly take it out?!]

[Y-Yeah...]

Slightly pressured by Alice, who was drawing near looking really ghastly, I took
out a large amount of fruit from my magic box. Thereupon, Alice's eyes shone...
Well, I can't actually see it well because of her mask, but I think her eyes
were somehow shining based on her movements.

[Whooaaaa! It's Red Bear Sandwich! Can I have this?!]

[Eh? Ahh, of course.]

[Kaito-san, you're really an ikemen! How dreamy! I'm so happy that I'm fine even
if Kaito-san embraced me now!]

[Please pardon me from that.]

[You'd even use keigo just to refuse?!]

How should I say this... She's as boisterous as ever.

Alice seemed to be extremely happy, as after she quickly went over after brewing
me a cup of tea, she immediately took a bite of the Red Bear Sandwich.

[Uuuuhhh... My first meal after “four days”. It's so delicious.]

[...Four days?]

[Yes, I've had zero customers since Kaito-san's visit before. I was seriously
prepared to die.]

[W-Wait a second there, didn't I spend nearly 1000R last time? What happened
with that?]

When I heard Alice say she hadn't eaten anything for four days, I reflexively
asked her back.

With the money I spent in this store... Even though the prices here may be
different, that should be enough for her to last half a month. When I asked her
where in the world her money went, Alice turned her face away before she
squeezed out a mumble.

[...All of it is gone already.]

Her voice sounded so sad that I regretted asking such an insensitive question.

[How the heck did all of... Could it be, you have debts to pay?]

[......]

[I-If there's anything I can do to help...]

I don't know much about Alice yet, but when I met her before, she said she
didn't have any money at all... So there might be some reason for that. If
that's the case, it makes sense why she was so desperate to sell me her stuff.
Perhaps, it may be debt left by her parents, or perhaps, she was tricked into
taking on a large amount of debt...

Shit, I should have listened to her carefully. Maybe Alice was having a hard
time, and she was acting cheerful in an attempt to distract herself from it. I
don't know what her circumstances are, but if there's something I can do to help
her...

[...I just can't stop... “gambling”—Ouch?!]

When I heard she's messing around again, I reflexively slapped her head.

[Why did you hit me?!]

[Rather, why would you think I wouldn't hit you?! Ehh? I mean, wait a sec,
you... the reason why you don't have money and food to eat... is just because
you gambled it all up?!]

[I-It's alright! I was just unlucky at that time... but I'll get it all back
next time!]

[That's what all those folks who had become broke from gambling say! I'm not
saying you shouldn't gamble here, but can't you at least do it in moderation?!
Keep it in moderation, will you?! Don't spend it all that you don't even have
food to eat!]

[Kaito-san, it hurts... It hurts.]

This big fool... I thought she was a lost cause, but it's more than I
imagined... No, if she's really worse than I imagined, I don't know what I was
worried about before...

Thinking that she would really die if she stayed like this, I scolded her for a
while.

[...That's why if you're going to gamble, you need to learn to keep it in
moderation.]

[Geez, all those people who can't exert self-control are human trash... They're
the worst kind of gamblers—Ouch?!]

[I'm talking about you!]

My head is starting to hurt. It would have been great if this ended in a
conclusion where she got what she deserved, but unfortunately, it's difficult
for me to say that because of my personality. Rehabilitation... might be
impossible, but I should at least make her change her trajectory of mind so that
she won't become broke from it... After today, I would come visit and check on
her every now and then. With that in mind, I took out some sweet buns from my
magic box, which I had originally bought to snack on, and presented them to
Alice.

[Hey, eat this too.]

[Eh? What is this, is this the carrot gently held out to me after the stick...
Kaito-san, you're so dreamy! You're making my heart beat fast!]

[That's disgusting.]

[Even within this flow of conversation, you're still throwing sticks?!]

Saying another joke again, Alice started eating the bread I served her. As I
watch her eat, I think about the future for a bit. As for the wasted money from
gambling, she should be able to improve her life if I keep warning her in the
future, but the problem is her income. To tell the truth, Alice's shop, by her
own account, isn't getting any customers. It's only been a few days since I was
here, and I don't see how her life can improve under such conditions. Though I
say that, it's not like I know everything about running a business, and making a
shop popular is difficult. The problem is that the shop owner is too suspicious
to begin with, and I don't think that area will improve at all. Yes, I can
indeed buy stuff from her, but that's as useful as trying to put out fire with
your tears. She would need at least a way to earn regular income.

[Kaito-san, what's troubling you?]

[Well... Ahh, that's right. Do you have any recommended item in your store?]

[Of course, I have! It's my masterpiece!]

[...Masterpiece?]

I wonder why, but I have a very bad feeling about this.

A recommended item that Alice is proud of... wait, hey, why the heck are you
pulling out several pieces of those familiar stuffed costumes from the back of
the store?!

[What do you think?! This magnificent craftsmanship!]

[...I will ask just in case, but what's that?]

[They're stuffed costumes!]

[.........]

As I thought, this guy's no good.

She looks like she's doing her best to look smug, but what I'm only feeling now
is the urge to hit her head again.

[Oops, is that doubt of the excellence of this product I see in your face?
Fufufu, I would be troubled if you think that these stuffed costumes are the
same as normal stuffed costumes.]

[...Unnn?]

[This stuffed costume is filled with multiple magic crystals that automatically
keep it at a comfortable temperature, and it also cleans itself to some extent!
Plus, it's elastic and feels great on the skin! It also emits a faint recovery
magic, giving the wearer a relaxing effect, showing how magnificent this item
is!!!]

[What the heck is with that uselessly high efficiency?!]

It has a body temperature control function and relaxing effect, it automatically
cleans itself, and it feels great on the skin... but all of those great
functions were used on a stuffed costume. Its performance, which should make
this considered as a magic tool, is tremendous, but the shape ruins everything.

[Why... is it these stuffed costumes?]

[Well, due to the fact that I have to put magic crystals in it, I need a certain
amount of thickness in it. Since I can't make it into clothes... I made it into
stuffed costumes!]

[So, are they selling?]

[I've never sold one!]

[...Why didn't you make it as a “futon” or a “coat”?]

[...Ehh?]

I asked this because I was simply wondering, but Alice froze as if time had
stopped.

[No, as I was saying, if you just made it because you need a certain amount of
thickness, if you made a futon or a thick coat, even if it's a little more
expensive, wouldn't a noble buy it? And since sleep is really important, if you
had made it into a sleeping bag, wouldn't you be able to sell it to
adventurers?]

[...Kaito-san.]

[Ah, no, it's just a layman's idea, so if it's impossible, I guess it can't be
helped...]

[...Are you... perhaps... a genius...]

[......]

No, it seems I'm mistaken, I quickly gulp down the urge to say she's just that
much of an idiot.

In the first place, I don't think there's anything I can do for you if the first
thought you have to make is a stuffed costume...

[That certainly would sell like crazy! Kaito-san's amazing!]

[Well, I still don't see a future where customers come into this store... so you
might as well wholesale it somewhere else...]

[....Well, but I'm banned from the company in the royal capital...]

[If I could, should I introduce you to my acquaintance?]

Even if she has good products, I thought it would be difficult to sell well
because the storeowner is as despairing as this. To begin with, Alice had quite
the despairing business acumen, so I wouldn't know what kind of results she'll
get if I just leave it to her. In the meantime though, I need to find a stable
way of earning income for her... It would be no laughing matter if someone came
to the store and found her emancipated and dying.

I'm sorry to say this, but I'll have to rely on Kuro's help.

[Eh? Kaito-san has a connection with a company\~\~ Which company is it?]

[Errr, I think it was called Seditch Magic Tool Company...]

[Pfft?! I-I-Isn't that the topmost company?! Eh? What? Kaito-san... Are you a
king from somewhere?]

[No, I just happened to know her... Anyway, I'll ask her, so can you make a
sample?]

For the time being, I'll go talk to Kuro about it. Her products actually look
great, and if it weren't for the shop owner's personality, they would have been
good enough as is.

[Well, for now... I guess I'll buy some clothes.]

[Really?! Thank you! Kaito-san, I'm falling in love with you!]

[Anyway, that's it until next time...]

[With this, I can have a round again—Gyyaaahhh?!]

[...The next time I come, I won't accept the excuse that you gambled away all
your money...]

[Y-Y-Y-Yes?! R-Roger that!]

Seriously, I wonder why I got to know this person... I really dislike my own
personality for not being able to leave people like this alone. Anyway, I'll try
rehabilitating Alice for a while... and make sure she doesn't suddenly die a
dog's death. While looking at Alice, who quickly got back on her feet and
recommended a variety of products with a smile... I let out a big sigh as I
thought about the future. Just as I was looking around the store, listening to
Alice's sales talk, I noticed something that caught my attention.

[...Hey, Alice.]

[What is it?]

[Is that for darts?]

[Eh? Yes, that's right.]

Finding what seems to be a dartboard on the wall, I suppose it wouldn't be
surprising if darts exist in this world. They were probably passed down by
someone who used to play the role of Hero, or there may be a similar game in
this world. Putting that aside, the fact that darts here means that there should
also be other play equipment being sold as well. Like a Rubik's cube or playing
cards...

I did buy some books when I was guided by Sieg-san, but I'd really like to have
some other way to pass the time. I would be able to play playing cards with
Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san, so if they're being sold, I'd like to purchase
them.

Just as I was about to ask Alice if she had any other play equipment, she pulled
three darts arrows out of nowhere. Then, she threw them at the target and to my
surprise, all three arrows pierced the bull's eye.

[Well, I wouldn't recommend this one. It's too easy and more like a children's
toy.]

[No, what you're saying is strange...]

That's simply because Alice is awesome and not because darts is easy. Speaking
of which, it's hard to imagine from her youthful appearance and her foolishness,
but she's someone with very high specs.

[W-Well, putting the darts aside for the time being... Do you have any other
play equipment?]

[Yes, I have several. What kind of play equipment are you looking for?]

[Unnn. I'd like something that can be played by several people and isn't too
difficult to learn.]

[Fumufumu... Ahh, then, what about this?]

Saying this, Alice takes out two sets of cards, one black and one white. Each
set had six cards, and the cards were about one size larger than standard
playing cards.

[These are?]

[It's a game that can be played one-on-one. The rules are simple, but they still
need profound thoughts to read your opponent's moves, so I recommend this.]

[Heehhh...]

[How about we try playing it for a bit? The rules are really easy to learn, so
you'll learn them quickly.]

[Fumu. Then, since we're at it, let's try it out.]

[Okay. Well then, Kaito-san, which cards would you like to play?]

[Well then, I'll take the black ones.]

Deciding to give it a try, I received six black cards from Alice. The back of
all the cards had the same pattern, while the front... had chibified humans
drawn on it. The cards also also had the words written below it: Commoner,
Baron, Viscount, Count, Duke, and King. Are they perhaps based in noble ranks?
The higher the rank, the more extravagant the chibi wears.

[Well then, I'll explain the rules. Though I say that, it really is simple. Each
of us would set one card down. Thereupon, both sides would flip their cards up
and the more powerful card wins. The one who has three winning cards wins.]

[Fumu fumu, I take it that the card with the greater authority is more
powerful?]

[Yes, that's right. The King is the strongest, followed by Duke, Count,
Viscount, Baron, and the weakest Commoner. However, even though Commoner is the
weakest card, “it's the only card that wins against the King card.]

[What about when both sides' cards are the same?]

[In that case, it would be a draw. If neither side wasn't able to win three
points, the round would be extended and both sides would place down cards
again.]

[...I see.]

Indeed, even though the rules are simple, you need to properly think about it.
Only the Commoner card can defeat the strongest King card. The fact that it's a
game where you try to anticipate where your opponent places their cards makes it
a very strategic game.

[Well then, how about we give it a try?]

[Yeah.]

And thus, it was decided that I would be playing card games with Alice.and we
moved towards her shop's counter... Now then, I wonder what card I'll play
first? The opponent has a lot of choices to pick for their first card, so it's
difficult to anticipate what she'd be playing. King, Duke, Count... These are
the three strongest cards, and looking at them, it's highly likely that they
would be a winning card. On the other hand, unlike the commoner who has a
special role to play, the Viscount and Baron cards were only halfway decent.

However, these two cards also have an important role to play in this game: to
receive the attacks of the opponent's strong cards. For example, if I can take
on a Duke card with my Baron card, the rest of the match-ups would be in my
favor. However, it's only effective in the early game, and if these two cards
are left on hand at the end game, it would be worrying using them. As for the
Commoner card, it can be said that it's a difficult one that I couldn't just use
easily. Even if it could destroy the strongest King card, it will still lose to
the other cards. Moreover, if the Commoner card is defeated by another card, the
opponent's King card would inevitably gain a win, unless it's a draw between
King cards.

After taking all that into consideration, the card that I'm going to put out in
the first round among my many options... would either be a Baron or a Viscount
card. They're good “wait-and-see” cards, and if I could have them receive
attacks from cards more powerful than Count cards, it'll make the rest of the
round a lot easier.

Of course, she will be thinking of the same thing... So let's go with the
Viscount card, who can win even if she were to play a Baron card.

[Kaito-san, are you ready?]

[...Yeah.]

In response to Alice's words, I put the Viscount card face down on the counter.
Alice also places her card on the counter, and nodding once, she declared.

[Well then, battle!]

[...What... the...]

[Kaito-san used Viscount... I used “King”. That's one point for me.]

She played her king first?! S-Suddenly using her strongest card... N-No, wait,
this is bad. That was quite a spectacular move.

This is because Alice's use of her King card has made my Commoner card into a
burden that will just lead me to a loss if I send it out. In addition, Alice
still has her own Commoner, a way to defeat my King. This was a completely
unexpected move, but it definitely brought me to a disadvantage. I need to get a
victory in the 2nd round. Now then, as for what I should place in the 2nd round,
I guess Duke would be the best choice.

Since Alice had already used her King card, she doesn't have any card that can
defeat my Duke anymore. Such a result will definitely be more likely than a
draw. With that in mind, I put my Duke card face down on the counter.

[Now then, second round... let's see the result!]

[Yeah...]

[Kaito-san's Duke against my Duke... The 2nd round is a draw.]

[Mnhh...]

The 2nd round is a draw huh... not a bad result, I guess. I could also guess
what card Alice would place next. It seems that Alice is playing her strongest
cards in order to get three quick victories against me. In the next round, if I
want to play it safe, I would place the Count card, which could earn me at least
a draw... but I will bring out my King here! I've always opted for a
slow-and-steady option, and Alice definitely thinks that I will also pick such a
card. If Alice brings out her Count card here...

I have Count, Baron, and Commoner in hand, while Alice would have Viscount,
Baron, and Commoner. Not only would I have the advantage here, I can definitely
get the victory in the 4th round with my Count card.

[Well then, third round... let's go!]

[...Wha?!]

[Kaito-san's King... against my “Commoner”. I guess it's my win.]

She anticipated my moves... She totally anticipated my moves... With this, Alice
is one step away from victory. Moreover, I have a Count, Baron and Commoner,
while Alice have a Count, Viscount and Baron. There's no way I could win here.
Even if our two Counts were to result in a draw, I wouldn't have any way to stop
Alice's Viscount card.

[...I-It's my loss.]

[Fufufu, well, it's Kaito-san's first time playing this after all. You went
exactly as how _Strategist-type players_ play, which makes you really easy to
read. It's Alice-chan's victory! Yay!]

[...Kuhh.]

T-This is frustrating. Incredibly frustrating.

[...What's most frustrating is I lost to... “this”.]

[Oi, Kaito-san. Your inner thoughts are coming out, you know... In that case,
how about we go for another round?]

[...Let's do it.]

[Yes, yes, roger that.]

As Alice proposed a rematch, I picked up the cards, thinking that I will
definitely win this time.

Thereupon, Alice changed her tactics from the previous match, and she defeated
me again.

[...Gununu.]

[Well, how should I say this... Kaito-san is the type whose expression really
shows on your face. I could totally read your thoughts.]

[Ughhh...]

Kuro also told me the same thing. Am I really that easy to read?

[Now, now, you don't have to be so downhearted... I also have some playing
cards. Since we're at it, let's have lots of fun today!]

[...I guess so... Wait, what about your store?]

[Well, no customers would come anyway...]

[You...]

Seeing Alice joking around again, I couldn't help but smile. I wonder what this
is... It's just, when I talk with Alice, I feel a different kind of ease than I
do with Kuro. I had forgotten about it in my super-loner life... but if I had a
friend of the same age, they might be someone like her. Joking about things and
fooling around, boisterous and fun...

[Kaito-san? Is something the matter? Ahh, I understand! I see you were admiring
Alice-chan's cuteness huh!]

[That's definitely not the case.]

[An extreme denial?! There's a serious shortage of indirectness here, you
know?!]

Alice is a really stupid fellow... but I don't hate her. I mean, I think I'll
probably keep coming back to her general store. Not as a customer, but as a
friend...

Well, for the time being... I will have my revenge match!

Before I knew it, it was evening, and I was on my way home, feeling that I had
stayed longer than I had planned. However, after walking for a while, I suddenly
noticed something out of place.

The road I'm currently walking down isn't exactly the main street, but when I
usually pass by here, I would still see some people around, but now, I don't see
any people at all. It may simply be that no one is passing by in this place by
chance, but how should I say this... it's strangely silent. Rather, I've just
recently seen a scene like this. Yes, it was just like this when I first met
Isis-san... The situation is also the same too, on my way back from Alice's
general store. Did Isis-san come to visit? No, I think Isis-san would have at
least contacted me beforehand if she is coming. In that case, why in the world
is this...

[...Hey, the guy over there.]

[Eh? Wha?!]

While I was wondering about the strangeness of the situation, I was suddenly
called out from behind, and when I turned around... There was a strange being
there that made me feel discomfort far surpassing what I had felt earlier. There
was a soft, spherical object... lying on a sphere-shaped cushion floating in the
air, and when viewed from the front, there was a breezy-looking purple-haired
woman looking at me. It at least doesn't look like she's talking to any other
people, so the woman, who's impression fits cute rather than beautiful,
languidly scratched her long, light purple hair as she spoke.

[You're a child from another world, aren't you? I just wanted to ask you
something, is that alright?]

[...Umm, you are?]

With her half-opened eyes that had the same reddish-purple color as her hair,
the woman looked at me as if she's feeling sleepy, while I tilted my head and
asked her back.

[Me? Ahh\~\~ I'm that... What's my name again? Ahh\~\~ Well, there's that. You
can just call me “Fate”\~\~ Nice to meet you\~\~]

[Ah, yes. It's nice to meet you... Errr, I'm Miyama Kaito.]

[Unnn, nice to meet you\~\~ Kai-chan.]

[Kai-chan?!]

With a lazy grin on her face, Fate-san called me by a strange nickname.

I mean, in the end, I learned nothing other than her name though?! Even if she
tells me “she's that”...

Seemingly oblivious to my confusion, Fate-san languidly spoke to me again.

[So\~\~ Kai-chan. I've got something I want to ask you...]

[Something you want to ask? What is it?]

[Unnn. I heard that there's a saying in the other world that “working means
defeat” or something like that, right?]

Lazily turning over on her airborne cushion, Fate asked in a carefree tone.

Working mean defeat? Errr, what's that... if she's talking about a saying that
has a close meaning to what she said, could she be talking about that?

[...Did you mean working is losing?]

[That's the one! That's what I'm talking about. Hmm\~\~ I knew that the other
world is pretty advanced\~\~ Those words make up a terrific saying! And not only
that, there are even a profession in the other world for those who don't work,
right?]

[...I don't think it's a profession, but are you talking about the NEETs?]

[NEET... That's good, that sounds cool! I, for one, entirely respect the NEETs!
I'm also going to become a NEET!!!]

[.........]

Her excitement suddenly increased, Fate-san started praising NEETs.

I wonder what this is... This disappointing feeling wafting in the air... She
just declared that she wants to be a NEET, and the always languid look on her
face... I see, she's “that type” of person huh...

[Errr...]

[Kai-chan!]

[Ehh? Ah, yes.]

[We've already had a conversation like this, so we're now “Soul Friends”,
right?!]

[Huh? Soul Friends?]

[That's right! We're friends whose souls are bound with each other! We're
already best friends! A pair whose fate is connected with each other! Right?!]

[...H-Huhh...]

She became vigorous all of a sudden, and it kinda feels like she's a person who
can't read the mood. I don't really know how it happened, all I remember is that
we exchanged a couple of words, and now, she's saying something about us, being
soul friends. I feel like she has some ulterior motive.

[So, Kai-chan, if I, your best friend, is in trouble, you're going to help me!
Right?!]

[...T-That is, well... If it's something I can do...]

As I thought, it finally came. I almost feel like I've been caught by the trap
of a salesman, but for the time being, I'll ask her what she's talking about.
What should I do if she suddenly ask something like “Go buy this vase”? If I
could somehow run away to the main street...

[Hide me!]

[...Huh?]

However, what she told me was far from what I expected.

[I was being pursued by a bad person...]

[W-What do you mean? What in the world is going on...]

[Explaining is a pain in the—No, I don't have the time, so I'll skip it, but
anyway, I need your help!]

[...I-I understand. For now, let's talk to the person who I'm under the care of.
It will be alright, she's a really reliable person...]

I feel like she was about to utter it was a “pain in the ass” earlier, but it's
probably just my imagination. I actually feel like I'm being cornered here, but
I may just be confused after being met with a serious situation. For the time
being, let's talk about this to Lilia-san.

Even though this is the first time we met, if she really is in that kind of
situation, I can't just leave her alone. Lilia-san is a noble, and she's a very
level-headed and reliable person, so I'm sure she'll be able to help her out.
Since she's being pursued, we should get to the mansion as fast as possible...

[Alright, we're settled with that, right? Well then, Kai-chan... Pull me.]

[...Pull you?]

[Moving is a pain in the ass so...]

[.......]

Seriously, are you being pursued?

After giving me a smile, Fate-san looked like a balloon who lost its air, the
energy in her body disappearing, she laid down on her cushion while reaching out
her hand to me. I felt like the trust I had when she said she was being pursued
disappeared, but for the time being, I decided to take Fate-san's hand and pull
her to the mansion.

---

The God Realm, which is smaller than the Human Realm and Demon Realm, had
several levels.

Having an absolute vertical society, the God Realm is a doughnut-shaped land,
with the outer perimeters as the area where the low-ranking Gods and the
ordinary Gods live, while the inner perimeters is the area where only the
high-ranking Gods and their subordinates can live. In the center of that
doughnut-shaped land is a garden in the sky... The dwelling place of the Creator
God, Shallow Vernal, and the place closest to the center... In the innermost
part of the land of the inner perimeter, there are three huge temples.

The pinnacle of the Gods who are qualified to build temples near the Creator
God, and they who are allowed access to the floating garden... They're the
temples of the three Supreme Gods. In the corridor of one of those temples, the
God of Time and Space Chronois was walking down the corridor of the temple. This
wasn't the temple where she lived, but the temple of another Supreme God... the
God of Fate, she who controls fate. Chronois walked down the corridor of the
large temple and after reaching the room at the far end, she lightly knocked on
the door before entering.

[I will be intruding, God of Fate... It's about time for the New Year's
Blessing, so about the achievements of those you're in charge of—What?!]

Chronois entered the room, but the God of Fate wasn't there... and in the
innermost wall, there was a large piece of paper. On that paper, which seemed to
be a note, there was only one phrase written on it: “I will not succumb to
work”. After being dumbfounded looking at that paper, Chronois slowly approached
the wall and tore the paper off the wall, a vein appearing on her forehead.

[...That fool... She ran away “again”!!!]

Shouting in anger, Chronois immediately walked out of the temple, she pressed
for answers from a nearby high-ranking God.

[Oi! Where did the God of Fate go?!]

[G-God of Time and Space-sama?! W-Well, she's... she was shouting “I am the wind
of freedom!” while heading towards the Human Realm...]

[T-That freaking slacker... I will also go to the Human Realm. It might waste
some of your time, but go to my temple and tell that to my subordinates.]

[I-I respectfully obey.]

Quickly giving instructions to the high-ranking God, Chronois immediately headed
to the Human Realm.

To capture her troublesome colleague who regularly escapes...

[Ah, I forgot to ask... but how's the God of Life doing now?]

[I don't know... She's probably still “sleeping” like always...]

[...Why... Why is neither of them acting like a Supreme God?!]

On that day... Or should I say, even on that day, the cries of the struggling
Supreme God echoed in the Divine Realm.

---

When I returned to Lilia-san's mansion with Fate-san, I was lucky enough to find
Lilia-san who I was looking for in the garden. Sieg-san and Lunamaria-san are
also there, so maybe they were training together? Anyway, it's just fine,
Fate-san seems to be in a pretty difficult situation, and we can now explain the
situation to her as soon as possible.

[Lilia-san!]

[Oya? Kaito-san, Welco... me... back?]

[Lilia-san? What's the matter?]

I thought Lilia-san would just greet me with a smile when she noticed me, but
her words trailed off, looking dumbfounded with her eyes wide open.
Lunamaria-san and Sieg-san also have similar reactions, with their eyes and
mouth opened wide as they stare at me... no, at Fate-san, who I'm pulling. I
suddenly have a bad feeling about this, and as if to affirm it, Lilia-san's
trembling finger pointed at Fate-san.

[...G-G-Goddess... of Fate-sama?]

[Yahhooo\~\~ Nice to meet you, I will be under your “support” for a long time!]

[...Why is she... suddenly... my heart's still not ready yet... Kyyuuu\~\~]

[Milady?!]

As soon as she sees Fate, Lilia-san's face turns pale and after a few moments,
her eyes roll up and she falls on the spot. Eh? Arehh? What did Lilia-san just
say? The Goddess of Fate?

[...Fate-san, there's something I'd like to ask you...]

[What is it, Kai-chan?]

[...Is Fate-san a God?]

[That's right.]

[...And you're one of the Supreme Gods?]

[Yep\~\~ I'm the one in charge of fate.]

[...Seriously?]

[Seriously.]

Stunned by their reactions, I asked Fate-san for confirmation, while Fate-san
carefreely replied.

Lilia-san, who made a new record in the speed of when she fainted after the
appearance of Fate-san, the God of Fate, got up after a few moments, greeted
Fate-san politely and led her into the room... before quietly staring at me.

[...Kaito-san, I need to talk to you about something later... Yes, it's very
important. Please come to my room...]

[Y-Yes...]

Freaked out by Lilia-san whose aura of anger is about to leak out, I was about
to explain Fate-san's situation to her... but that's when I noticed the big
contradiction. Fate-san said earlier that she was being pursued by a bad
person... Then who exactly is the person that Fate-san, a Supreme God, is
running away from? No, I'm starting to doubt if she really is being pursued in
the first place, so let's ask her about that.

[Umm, Fate-san.]

[I also want a cookie! Gimme! ...Unnn?]

[...You're being pursued, right?]

[Unnn, it's a real crisis.]

A real crisis... Is she really the God of Fate? The sight of her eating a cookie
while lying on her cushion is a far cry from the other Supreme God I know of,
Chronois-san.

[Being pursued? The God of Fate-sama is?]

[Heeeyyy\~\~ Lili-tan.]

[Lili-tan?!]

[Calling me as God of Fate sounds stiff and unpleasant, so you can just call me
Fate\~\~]

[N-No, but... that would be rude...]

[Geez, Lili-tan, you're too serious\~\~ Just like the God of Time and Space.]

Bewildered by the languid Fate-san, Lilia-san also seemed surprised when she
heard that she was being pursued. However, Fate-san was still the same as before
and she doesn't look like she's in any crisis at all.

[Fate-san... Who on earth is pursuing you? That person who would make the
Supreme God Fate-san run away.]

[She's the worst person I've ever met! Just the thought of what would happen if
I really got caught... Uggghhh, it's giving me shivers.]

[T-That person is that dreadful?]

Apparently, the person chasing after Fate-san is quite an unbelievable being,
that Fate-san, a Supreme God, is clearly frightened. Perhaps, Lilia-san has also
sensed that this is a situation unthinkable by common sense, as she looked
stiff, looking at Fate-san with sweat pouring down her forehead.

[That person's already a demon, a demon I tell you! She's tormenting the
helpless me, and she looks like she's enjoying doing it!]

[Hoohhh... It looks like you're really suffering huh.]

[Really! I'm really suffering because of her head that is as stiff as the cliff
her flat chest is—Eh?]

[...So you have chosen death... God of Fate.]

A familiar voice was heard from behind Fate-san, who was emphasizing her
statement, and when we turned towards there... There stands Chronois-san, a vein
bulging on her forehead. A few moments after Fate-san heard Chronois-san's
voice, she looked behind her with a movement like a broken tin doll, her face
turning pale as she trembled.

[...G-G-God of Time and Space?! W-W-Why are you here?!]

[Fool! I can easily imagine where you're headed! How many times do you think you
have escaped?! Cut it out already!]

[Hiiiieeehhh... S-S-Stay...]

[Today is the day where I will beat out your rotten character!]

[Gyyaaaaaaahhhh?!]

We are stunned by the scene unfolding in front of us.

Eh? Seeing her like must mean it was that, right? The one Fate-san was running
away from... is Chronois-san?!

[Where's your Blessing Report?! I told you to give it to me within the Fire
month!]

[...I-I... I'm not going to give in to that torture of a job...]

[It's your duty, you fool! Don't you have any self-awareness as a Supreme God?!]

[None!]

[Stop bragging about your idiocy!!!]

Yep, I already have a general idea of the situation.

Fate-san probably had some kind of job to do as a Supreme God, but it seems that
she ran away from it. Arehh? Doesn't that mean it was entirely Fate-san's fault?
As Fate-san tries to escape, Chronois-san quickly catches her by the scruff of
her neck.

![Insert 4](../../_Images/v02/Insert4.png#.insert)

[Good grief.... You're even causing problems for Lilia too... Come, we're going
back!]

[Don't wannnnaaaaaa! I will now live here! I'm going to live here and “have
Kai-chan support me”!]

[...Huh?]

Wait a sec, what the heck is this person saying... In which part of our
conversation did it suddenly turn into that direction?! Or rather, I'm also kind
of a freeloader here, and you're asking me to support you... How much does this
person not want to work? Chronois-san also looked dumbfounded and seemed to have
unintentionally let go of her grip.

[...What idiocy are you saying....]

[I mean, Kai-chan's face is my preference! He seems like a good-natured person,
so if you cling and depend on him, he will support me with “three meals and a
nap”!]

[.........]

I feel like I'm being ridiculed for some reason, but I can't say anything since
I can't deny it at all. In fact, I wonder... In that situation where she's
crying, asking me to support her... I will probably complain, but end up looking
after her. As everyone was dumbfounded, Fate-san, who was freed from
Chronois-san's grip, quickly clung on my leg.

[Kai-chan! Help me!]

[Huh? Eh?]

[I'm going to be abducted by the God of Time and Space and every last fiber of
my being will be tortured!]

Torture, you say, aren't you just talking about your job?! Seeing Fate-san
clinging to me while looking like she's on the verge of tears, I was wondering
what I should do, when Chronois-san spoke to Fate-san while holding her temples.

[What idiocy are you saying... Miyama, you don't need to mind her. There's no
benefit to you in doing so.]

[E-Errr...]

[Then, I'll let you do “perverted things” to me!]

[Pfft?!]

Clinging onto my leg, Fate-san started saying outrageous things.

[I may be relatively petite, but I have big breasts! They're way different from
the cliff God of Time and Space have! The God of Time and Space is so flat that
if she lies down and puts a cup of tea on her chest, it won't spill! I'm a
better deal than her!]

[...It seems you really want to die huh.]

[Hiiiihhh?!]

C-Chronois-san's eyes look like they could kill someone with just a stare.
Chronois-san may be very tall, but her body is quite slender. She was also like
that when she was fighting against Ein-san... I guess she's quite concerned
about it. Approaching slowly with a murderous expression on her face,
Chronois-san grabbed me by the arm, and Fate-san, who was clinging on my leg,
began to panic even more.

[Uwwaaaaahhhh! Kai-chan! Heeeeeelllllppppppp?!]

[Eiii, let go, you fool!]

[No waaaaayyyyy?! Kai-chaaaaaaannnnnn!!!]

[..........]

Regarding this matter, Chronois-san is overwhelmingly in the right. She's in a
position filled with responsibilities as a Supreme God, and there are things you
ought to do even if you don't want to. So, even if she cried out to me like
that, I won't help... I can't... help...

[U-Ummm... Chronois-san, is-is even just a day of rest no good?]

[Wha?! Oi, Miyama!]

[Kai-chan!]

[I-I know! I know that Chronois-san is right, but, errr... I haven't had a
chance to talk to Fate-san yet either, so even if it's just for this day, she
could stay here so that we could get to know her better...]

As I thought, it was no good. I'm too weak before those eyes that seem to rely
on me.

The fact that I said something in defense of Fate-san seems to make Chronois-san
look a little troubled.

[Miyama, you shouldn't pamper people like this too much... I'm sure she's going
to run away again tomorrow anyway.]

[I-It will be alright. I will somehow do something about it...]

[Somehow?]

[Errr... I will ask Shiro-san.]

I'm sure that Shiro-san is aware of this situation, and even if it's Fate-san,
she should be listening to the words of the God of Creation, Shiro-san. I don't
know if Shiro-san will listen to my request or not, but if I were to sincerely
ask her...

(I have some conditions.)

Conditions? What is it?

(Just Kuro is unfair, I also want to go on a date.)

What the heck is this person saying? A date, she said? Who's going on a date
with who?

(Kaito-san and I will.)

...Why?

(Just Kuro is unfair, I also want to go on a date.)

H-How about making other conditions instead?

(Just Kuro is unfair, I also want to go on a date.)

I-I understand... If you're alright with me...

[Hey, God of Time and Space... Who is it that Kai-chan mentioned he'll ask?]

[He's talking about Shallow Vernal-sama.]

[Pfft?! H-How can Kai-chan ask Shallow Vernal-sama that?! I mean, will Shallow
Vernal-sama listen to him...]

[No, that is... It seems like Shallow Vernal-sama is interested in Miyama, and
he even got Shallow Vernal-sama's blessing. Perhaps...]

[...Eh? What the heck? Is Kai-chan a monster?]

[...I won't deny it.]

In response to the dumbfounded Fate-san's question, Chronois-san answered her,
but I put aside their conversation for now and gave priority to talking to
Shiro-san.

(So, what am I supposed to do?)

Unnn. I could already somewhat guess, but I still don't think I completely
understand the situation. Errr, please say something to Fate-san to make sure
she works tomorrow.

(Alright.)

Just as she said that, light gathered in the room and as if it's the most
obvious thing in the world, Shiro-san appeared... Ah, Lilia-san fainted again.

Thereupon, when Shiro-san appeared, Fate-san, who had looked so sluggish until a
moment ago, immediately got off her cushion and bowed down on one knee in front
of Shiro-san.

[Sha-Shallow Vernal-sama.]

I heard that Shiro-san is an absolute existence to the Gods of the God Realm,
and it seems that there's no falsehood in that statement, as Fate-san seems to
be absolutely obedient to Shiro-san. Shiro-san nonchalantly looked at the bowing
Fate-san, and with her usual expressionless and intonationless voice, she spoke.

[Work properly tomorrow.]

[Hahh! Even if it costs me my life!]

Doesn't she look like a completely different person now... You've changed too
much when you're in front of Shiro-san huh, Fate-san? After appearing and saying
those few words because of my request, it seems that Shiro-san will really just
say those few words as she leaves along with the light. Chronois-san, who was
looking at that scene, put her hand on her chin as if she were thinking about
something.

[...I see, if it's Miyama's request, Shallow Vernal-sama would tell her that
huh... This is, fumu... Oi, Miyama.]

[What is it?]

[If you will not return back to your world and decide to remain here, you can
call me. If you wish, I will allow you to make your home in the God Realm on my
authority.]

[...Huh?]

[Of course, I will also help you with other things as well. In return though...
Could you ask Shallow Vernal-sama to tell the God of Fate and God of Life to
work, even at least once a year?]

[..........]

How should I say this... With just those few words she said just now, I could
somehow feel how much trouble Chronois-san usually had to go through.

Fate-san, who has decided to stay here for the day for whatever reason, has
moved to my room as if it was a matter of course, lounging around from her
floating cushion and now, on my bed.

[Ahh\~\~ happiness, I wish it will remain this way forever\~\~]

[You're too carefree...]

[I mean, I have no choice but to work diligently tomorrow, so while I'm free,
let me stretch my wings\~\~]

[Tomorrow... So if Shiro-san were to tell you that, that would be your top
priority?]

To be honest, it's only been a short time since we met, but I have some idea of
what kind of person Fate-san is. I don't mean to sound rude, but I don't think
she's the kind of person who would do her job just because she was scolded by
her boss for a bit. However, from the way she spoke just now, it seems that
Fate-san's decision to work diligently tomorrow is a done deal, and I wondered
if that was because the person telling her that was Shiro-san so I asked her
that. The laid down Fate-san only looked up towards me before she spoke.

[That's right. For us Gods, Shallow Vernal-sama's words are absolute. Shallow
Vernal-sama's words take precedence over everything... If we don't follow
Shallow Vernal-sama's words and disappoint her, we will lose the very reason for
our existence.]

[.......]

[Shallow Vernal-sama is the supreme and the absolute. If Shallow Vernal-sama
told me to work for the rest of my life, I would give up my emotions and
desires, and continue to work until the end of my life... Well, that's the kind
of being she is to us.]

Seriousness could be seen on Fate-san's face as she told me that without any
hesitation at all.

For the Gods, Shiro-san is an absolute existence... I can understand what she's
trying to say, but when I actually witnessed it like this, I was overwhelmed.
Fate-san had a very serious look on her face, but she immediately collapsed on
the bed.

[Well\~ that's how it is. To be honest, it would be great if I could serve
Shallow Vernal-sama... That even if I were to resign my post as one of the
Supreme Gods, it will be fine for me.]

[...Huh...]

[So, Kai-chan, support me!]

[Not this again...]

It seems that the only thing she's serious about is Shiro-san, as she's not at
all concerned about her status as a Supreme God. I mean, it's just as she said,
she doesn't want to work unless she's told to.

[No, I think Kai-chan has the character! If I can have Kai-chan support me for
all my life, my life would be so much comfier... ah, wait a sec...]

[Unnn?]

I'm dumbfounded by Fate-san who is still acting the same as usual when she
confidently asked me to support her, but while speaking, it seems she thought
about something as a serious expression appeared on her face.

[...If I'm close enough to Kai-chan that she's supporting my life... Then that
would also make me Shallow Vernal-sama's friend... That would already make me
invincible... I could live a leisurely life forever...]

[...Ummm, Fate-san?]

[However, deepening our friendship while trying to slip under the eyes of God of
Time and Space is difficult and time-consuming... If I can make it an
established fact... Okay! Kai-chan! Let's do the “fusion”!]

[Wha?!]

It seems that she has reached a very dangerous conclusion, and Fate-san's
half-opened eyes changed, looking at me now like a beast of prey.

Eh? Wait just a second there, isn't this situation... dangerous?

[I'm a God, so I can't make babies but... that's just a minor issue! Once we're
in a relationship, it would only lead to one path! I'm sure Kai-chan won't
abandon me!!! I'm sure Kai-chan would pamper me a lot!!!]

[W-Wait right there, Fate-san?! C-Calm down!]

[...I am calm... I'm wonderfully cool... but I've decided! I'm going to make
sure Kai-chan will support me!]

[Your eyes were bloodshot though?!]

A frightening smile on her face, she began muttering something even more
frightening as Fate-san slowly began approaching. Thinking that this situation
is bad, I tried running towards the door but... I think I heard the sound of a
lock, and when I approached and twisted the handle, the lock didn't open at all.

[Fufufu, how naive, Kai-chan... There's no way you can escape from me, a Supreme
God, when it's just the two of us in here.]

[S-Stop right there...]

[Come, Kai-chan! To be honest, this will also be my first time... but let's have
some fun!!!]

As expected, no matter how rotten a Supreme God is, there's no way that a normal
human like me can escape from her. Seeing Fate-san slowly approaching me with a
frightening smile, it was at that moment when I realized that I can't run
away... A hand reached out from my side and grabbed Fate-san's face.

[Huh? Arehh? “Underworld King”?]

[.........]

[Eh? Kuro?]

Kuro, who had appeared before I knew it, silently grabbed Fate-san's face and
easily lifted her with one hand. And then... I think I heard the sound of
something creaking.

[Gyyyaaahhhhh?! It hurts?! It huuurrrtttssss?! Stop, my head's being crushed!
It's going to crushed!!!!]

[.........]

[Ginyyaaaahhhhh?! It's going to burst open!!! My head's gonna explode like a
ripe fruit!!!]

[.........]

That was unmistakably... the Iron Claw.

Fate-san, you're a Supreme God, right? With a title like that, isn't it common
sense if you have a disgustingly high amount of defensive power... and for her
to be screaming like she's going to die, how powerful is that grip of hers?!

Also, Kuro has also been quiet for a while now... Could it be, she's extremely
angry?

Kuro remained silent as she held on to Fate-san's face with her iron claw but
after a little while, something like a black vortex began to appear next to
them. Immediately after that, Kuro let go of her grip and Fate-san dropped down
because of gravity—but as she's falling, she was blown away at bullet-like speed
and got sent into the black vortex.

Eh? What the heck just happened? Kuro... She looks like she had just sent her
flying with her open palm but, is that a slap? That's a slap, right?

...Fate-san was just blown away at a frightening speed just now... Kuro, is your
palm actually a missile launcher?

After Fate-san disappeared into the black vortex, Kuro's really steady eyes
glanced at me before she murmured.

[...I'm just going to discipline her for a bit.]

[...Ah, yes.]

After saying that, Kuro enters the black vortex, and this vortex disappears as
if it had never existed in the first place.

Somehow... It feels like Kuro is angrier than ever before...

About half an hour after the black vortex disappeared, Fate-san, who looked like
a worn-out rag, came back held by Kuro.

[...I'm sowwwyyyy... I won't ignowe Kai-chan's will anymore and try to do weird
things anymore...]

[Ah, yes. Thank you for that.]

And from there, she immediately kneeled in a dogeza and was currently
apologizing to me while looking like she's on the verge of crying. Something
really frightening may have happened to her... It really looks like various
precarious situations happened before me.

[Good grief! Fate-chan, I really can't let my guard down against you huh... If
you ever do that again without Kaito-kun's consent... I'll “pulverize” you, you
know?]

[Hiiiihhhh?! Scary?! Eh? W-Wait... Where did that “Affectionate Underworld King”
go?! I can only see an ogre here though?!]

[...Unnn?]

[Yes! I'm sorry! It won't happen again!]

When Kuro, who looks like her anger has yet to subside, glanced at Fate-san who
was running her mouth again, Fate-san shakes like a newborn lamb and apologizes.
For her to be so frightened... Seriously, what in the world happened behind that
black vortex?
