---
toc: true
---

# Serious-senpai's Room: Act 2

In a simple room located somewhere unknown, Serious-senpai, the embodiment of
the concept of seriousness, is staring at a book with a complicated expression
on her face. The book on the small table in front of the chair she's sitting on
is the 2nd Volume of the Light Novel “I was Caught up in a Hero Summoning, but
That World is at Peace”.

[...That's strange. They've added a lot of serious stuff in the 2nd Volume, so I
should have manifested... but I wonder why I'm still “here”?]

Murmuring to herself, Serious-senpai looked at the room she alone was in, “the
exclusive waiting room to the children treated as unwanted in the main story”.
When she learned of this fact, Serious-senpai was quite indignant... but even
though she didn't appear in the 1st Volume, she was convinced that she would
appear in the 2nd Volume, holding such optimistic thoughts that made no sense to
others.

However, she was still staying in this room even after the release of the 2nd
Volume, making her bewildered by this situation.

[The Author announced that they would add a lot of source material from the Web
Novel, and the main focus of the 2nd Volume would be the Death King... With that
being the case, there should have been an increase in the amount of serious
scenes. However, I wonder if it would be alright if I, the incarnation of
seriousness, haven't appeared?]

Of course, this is all one-sided assumption on Serious-senpai's part. Moreover,
since there was no one else in that room but her, she naturally received no
response. However, Serious-senpai didn't doubt that “there was an increase in
serious developments”, and was even worried about the completion of this series
because the Author hadn't asked for her cooperation. Today too, Serious-senpai
is in her perfect form.

[...Well, I guess nothing would start if I don't read it first huh...]

After quietly muttering to herself, Serious-senpai picked up the book and
started reading it. She's basically honest to a fault. Even though she isn't a
fan of “flirting scenes” or “heartwarming scenes”, she will never skip them. In
the first place though, she's too dumb to even think that avoiding things she's
uncomfortable with is actually possible.

[...G-Gununu. Is that Death King not going to come out yet? Geez, I'm almost
halfway through... Oh? She's come! The Death King has appeared! Alright, a surge
of seriousness is finally waving in!]

With the appearance of the Death King, who she'd been expecting since Volume 1,
Serious-senpai's tension rose to new hands, and the hand that flipped the pages
became even more vigorous. Though it ended up being pointless...

[...Arehh? The seriousness ended already? T-That's strange... Have I
accidentally skipped a page or two? Where's the increase in seriousness? Where's
the over a hundred pages of serious developments?]

It seems that the increase in seriousness she was expecting, obviously, isn't
there. Flustered, Serious-senpai repeatedly returned a couple of pages back to
check, but even after she did that, the contents written in the novel didn't
change.

[...T-That's impossible... They didn't revise the seriousness of this novel?
T-Then, what the heck did they revise?! Disregarding seriousne—Khaak?!]

Shuddering at the thought that seriousness hadn't been added, she flipped to the
next page and vomited a great amount of blood.

[I-It turned into a sweet development. Eh? No way, I'm still in the middle of
the book, you know? Is the rest of the novel going to be just flirting content?
N-No way...]

For the incarnation of seriousness, Serious-senpai, such sweet developments deal
her severe damage. Even so, the fact that she didn't stop reading the book shows
how foolhardy she was. Thereupon, after Serious-senpai read on, vomiting blood
over and over again, and finished reading the whole book, she closed it and
sighed.

[The revision is freaking more flirting scenes with the main heroine?! Why? In
the Web Novel, the main heroine has been rather inconspicuous, you know? What's
with all the new events and the increase in her heroine power?!]

Serious-senpai's shout echoed in the empty room. In the first place though, her
prediction itself is far too optimistic, but she herself never realized it.
