---
toc: true
---

# Epilogue

Disappearing from the city, the venue of the Six Kings Festival, Luce... No,
Akari had moved far away from the city in an instant. However, it was not by her
own power. Yes, it was just as Alice and Iris had predicted, there was an entity
that had teleported her out of the city.

[...Are you sure you’re satisfied with this? You still had some time to talk to
him though?]

[Yes, I’m sure that the idiotic me would make a blunder if we talked any more
than that... Thank you for giving me the opportunity to talk to him... “Shallow
Vernal-sama”.]

[No need to thank me. I’m just using you for my own reasons.]

As her inflectionless voice resounded, the surrounding scenery switched to a
garden floating in the sky... the Sanctuary. Of course, the being who teleported
Akari is none other than the apex of the God Realm, the God of Creation, Shallow
Vernal. Yes, the mastermind who brought Akari to being and allowed her to meet
Kaito was Shallow Vernal. Kuromueina did consult her if she had anything to do
with Akari. She told Kuromeina that she didn’t bring Kaito’s mother back to life
and she didn’t create a being identical to Kaito’s mother...

There is no lie in those words. That’s because “she really didn’t bring Miyama
Akari back to life”... She was still a soul, a ghost that is able to touch
things through the power of Shallow Vernal. The “transfer of Miyama Akari’s
soul” is something that Shallow Vernal has been negotiating with Eden for some
time. Shallow Vernal desperately needed Akari’s soul for “a certain purpose”.
For this reason, she had been negotiating with Eden early on. Eden didn’t agree
to this though, and Shallow Vernal’s negotiations with her turned to be
difficult. However, Eden’s visit to her world and her strong interest in Kaito
gave Eden the advantage in helping Shallow Vernal’s cause.

Thus, their negotiations were concluded, and Akari’s soul was brought to this
world.

Even though Shallow Vernal had obtained Akari’s soul, she still gave Akari the
freedom of choice. In order to make her choose whether or not she would
cooperate for her purpose, Shallow Vernal allowed Akari to make contact with
Kaito, on the condition that she wouldn’t reveal her true identity.

[And so, what is your choice? Or perhaps, do you still need a bit more time to
think?]

[...No, that’s enough. The conditions you have offered... I accept them.]

[Are you sure about this? Worst case scenario, you may end up “crushing Kaito’s
heart” though?]

[...]

What Shallow Vernal wanted Akari to do... No, the role that Shallow Vernal
wanted her to play... is to be the obstacle in Kaito’s path. Even though it was
Shallow Vernal herself who presented this opportunity to her, she was still
surprised when Akari readily accepted, especially since what she was doing was
technically antagonistic to her own son. That’s why Shallow Vernal asked her.
“If she’s really sure about this...”

Hearing her question, Akari looked straight at Shallow Vernal and replied.

[...It’s impossible if it was me. I can’t stop shaking even just by looking at
you like this. That’s why I’m convinced that it’s impossible for me to defeat
you, nor resist your will.]

[Then, you’re obeying my command because of fear?]

[...No, that’s not it. It’s impossible if it was for me. But if it’s that
child... “If it’s Kaito, he could win”...]

[I’ve explained the contents of my ordeal to you. Don’t you think it’s quite
severe?]

[Yes, it really is severe... I thought that it’s impossible for anyone to
overcome it.]

[You’re contradicting yourself though?]

Looking at Shallow Vernal, who tilted her head upon hearing her statement, Akari
scolded her trembling body before turning her eyes filled with great hope at the
Goddess in front of her.

[I’m just a mere human. I am afraid of you, and I can’t even imagine a future in
which anyone wins against you. But I believe that Kaito will create something
that I can’t imagine, a future that I can’t envision. I’m just an insignificant
being... But I don’t want to be so weak-hearted as to not wholeheartedly believe
my own son!]

[...]

[Even though I can’t even imagine how he does it, I believe that Kaito will win
over Shallow Vernal-sama. That’s why, “I’ll place my soul on the betting
table”.]

A future that she can’t even imagine, even though she herself couldn’t imagine
anyone can beat Shallow Vernal... Akari believed that even this would be
overturned by Kaito. Believing in Kaito and betting her soul... is her way of
fighting against Shallow Vernal’s ordeal. Looking at Akari, the corner of
Shallow Vernal’s lips raised just a bit, though it’s only to the extent that one
won’t be able to tell if they aren’t looking carefully at her lips.

[...I see, you certainly are Kaito’s mother, aren’t you? What interesting words,
you have said there.]

[...]

[It is indeed as you said. It’s true that if it’s Kaito-san, he will be able to
overcome my ordeal and win against me... At present, he has about a “20%” chance
of succeeding.]

[...Can I take that as Shallow Vernal-sama highly evaluating him?]

[Yes, I think I evaluate Kaito-san very highly. That’s why, I wanted to know. He
is unique... but if I let him go here, will I ever find someone like him again,
or perhaps, am I able to replace him with another... For your son to trouble me
this much, he is quite the sinful man, isn’t he?]

At the same time as she said this, Shallow Vernal lightly waved her finger.
Thereupon, Akari’s body was enveloped in light, turning into a small sphere...
in her original form, a soul. Holding the soul in hand, Shallow Vernal looked at
the view of her Sanctuary and muttered.

[...The stage is finally getting set. However, it certainly was quite a terrible
ordeal I prepared... Kuro will be really angry about this. I guess I should make
some preparations before she destroys the God Realm huh...]

The content of her words was disturbing. However, the expression on Shallow
Vernal’s face as she muttered about the destruction of the God Realm... was more
joyful than ever, as if she was somehow looking forward to the future that was
about to come.
