---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 4: What I've Obtained in Another World

As we leisurely walked towards the Special Monster Race’s racetrack, we
exchanged a few words.

[Is Lynn-chan asleep again?]

[...Looks like she’s sleeping out her grumpiness.]

Just as Dr. Vier and Neun-san had said, after her conversation with Fafnir-san,
Lynn crawled into my clothes again, looking like she was sulking as she fell
asleep. Hmmm, I don’t really know what’s going on, so I can’t say anything for
sure, but Lynn isn’t the type of person who won’t drag out her troubles, so I’m
sure she’ll be fine after some rest.

[Speaking of which, I’m going to change the subject... but isn’t Bell also a
Monster Race champion?]

[Yes. Though I say that, it’s only one race...]

[Gaoo!]

As if she was proudly puffing out her chest, Bell nodded her head, which only
made her look cute, so I just patted her head.

[Heehhh... Fafnir said it’s also fine to just directly participate, so why don’t
Bell-chan join in?]

[Gaooohh!]

[You’ll get dirty, so no.]

[Guruaah?! K-Kuuuuu\~\~]

[No!]

[Kuuuu...]

I firmly scolded Bell, who looked really motivated to go on the race even after
all the running she did earlier. I bet Bell only wants to participate since she
just likes running. However, in a Monster Race, where almost everything can
happen, it’s inevitable that Bell’s fur will get dirty. That’s something I can’t
let happen. If that happens, we’d have to stop going around the festival so I
could start cleaning Bell’s body.

[M-Miyama-kun? B-But you see, Bell-chan wants to go though?]

[I said no. That’s final. Besides, if Bell were to participate in the Monster
Race, she would just end up overwhelmingly winning, which would be bad for the
other monsters. She would just be bullying the weak.]

[...I-I guess you’re right.]

I would have liked to see Bell’s performance, but since I know what the outcome
will be if she participates, I didn’t see the need to participate. Hearing what
I said, stiff smiles appeared on Dr. Vier and Neun-san’s lips for some reason,
but I decided to not mind it and clear up a misunderstanding that Bell might
have in her mind.

[...Also, Bell. Just so you know, you can’t put me on your back in a Monster
Race.]

[Guruuaahhh?!]

Yes, what Bell likes to do is “run with me on her back”. After hearing my words,
Bell looked shocked before she started leisurely following behind me. It seems
like she had lost interest in Monster Racing. I haven’t been able to take her
for a walk for a few days since the Six Kings Festival started, so I guess
that’s why she wanted to join the Monster Race earlier... I’ll just take her to
the ranch again later.

The Monster Racecourse was filled with tremendous enthusiasm, so I thought it
was going to be difficult for us to find an available seat in the fairly large
venue but...

[Miyama-sama, right? Welcome to our establishment. Please allow me to guide you
to the VIP seats.]

[Ah, yes... We’re in your care.]

I also have a face pass here huh... Apparently, VIP seats were available for me
not just from restaurants. Seriously, I feel like my reputation is taking a turn
for the worse at this Six Kings Festival. Even though only people that hold a
certain amount of power and authority were able to participate in this festival,
I still feel uneasy about the future. Well, putting aside how my reputation is
going in a strange direction, the VIP seats we were led to was a good one. It
was big enough for even Bell to fit in, so we could watch the race together. I’m
really grateful to Kuro and the others for their concern, so I’ll thank them
again when the Six King Festival is over.

And apparently, we weren’t the only ones being ushered into the VIP section,
because I saw three figures standing near the large glass window...

[Go! Keep go— Fugyaaaahhhh?!]

[Come on! Run faster, number 2—Migyaaaahhhh?!]

[This race is mi—Higyaaaahhhh?!]

Seeing the “three people in stuffed costumes with horseheads of black, white and
brown color” shouting, facing towards the glass window, I inadvertently knocked
their heads, one after another.

[Dr. Vier, Neun-san, it seems like we can see well here.]

[ [ [ What about your treatment towards us?! ] ] ]

[Shut up, idiot.]

Seriously, what the heck is she doing... Rather, I feel like I encounter her
somewhere every single day, to the point that I’m starting to wonder if she’s
some kind of mascot for the Six Kings Festival or something. Letting out a big
sigh, I moved the three horseheads to the side and started watching the game
with Dr. Vier and Neun-san, as if nothing had happened.

[...Ummm, Miyama-kun?]

[What is it?]

[Errr, seeing Shalltear-sama sitting on a seiza... even though they’re clones...
I’m feeling very restless...]

[Just think of them as irritating decorations.]

I briefly replied to Dr. Vier, who spoke to me while glancing at the three
idiots sitting in a seiza on the edge of the room.

[...Ummm, Vier? I-Is it really alright... For Phantasmal King-sama to be treated
like that...]

[Neun, listen here, okay? ...Only Miyama-kun is allowed to do something like
that. If we do the same thing, our heads would be chopped off before you even
know it.]

[...I-I knew it.]

It’s easy for me to forget, but Alice is the Phantasmal King, a completely
superior being to Dr. Vier and the others. Moreover, among the Six Kings, she is
someone who is considerably feared. No... It may just be that she’s very casual
when she’s with me, but perhaps, she’s usually acting more dignified. After all,
she’s one of the Six Kings...

[Kaito-san, Kaito-san! Please take a look at the list of the next racers... And,
please randomly point to any of the racers.]

[...]

[These ones, right?! Alrighty! “Gamble Clones” 23, 24, 26! On these racers,
all-in—Gyaaann?!]

[Restrain yourself for a bit, will you...]

I retract my previous statement. Is this woman seriously one of the Six Kings...
Or rather, is it really okay for an idiot like her to be one of the Six Kings?
Also, where the heck is Clone 25?!

[...Umm, Vier? Seeing Phantasmal King-sama like this... Would we be killed
later?]

[I-I think we would be alright? After all, I don’t think Shalltear-sama cares
about our lives...]

[Ahh, by the way, if you go around telling people what you saw here... I’ll beat
you up, you know?]

[ [ Hyiiiihhhhh?! ] ]

Dr. Vier and Neun-san were sneakily whispering about, but before they knew it,
Alice had moved in front of them and coldly announced. And then, the two of them
clearly looked afraid... This is that, right? ...She’s trying to guide them to
do something, as if she’s training someone to do her will.

[Eh? Wait, Kaito-san? Ah, no way\~\~ I-I’m just joking, okay? It’s Alice-chan’s
joke, you know?! A-Ahaha, completely fooled ya... that didn’t work, right?]

[...It didn’t.]

[...Whoa there! Come to think of it, Alice-chan was quite busy preparing for
tomorrow’s Six Kings Festival!!! This won’t do! I need to go n—Gueehhh?!]

[Hey, how about... we talk over there for a bit?]

[O-Of course, I will always prioritize Kaito-san, so we can talk as much as we
want but... i-is it just my imagination? I kind of feel like I’ve heard some
extremely dangerous inner thoughts, “You’re fooling around too much, so let me
beat down your character a bit or two” or something like that, you know?]

[...]

[Waaaaa... That smile’s freaking scary...]

Smiling back at Alice, who was telling me such things while profusely sweating,
I caught her by the scruff of her neck and dragged her to the corner of the
room. However, hmmm, I wonder what I should do? It’s already decided that I
would scold her, but I don’t think that would be enough to teach her a lesson...
Ahh, that’s right. As I suddenly thought of an idea, I called out to the black
necklace on my chest.

[Kuro, can you help me scold Alice here?]

[Wait?! Why did you suddenly call her?! You’re a demon! A devil!]

[Of course, I’m fine with it.]

[Gyaaaahhh?! Kuro-san?!]

...Well, Kuro appeared as if it was natural for her to hear what I said through
the necklace, but let’s just stop worrying about such things. However, arehh?
Doesn’t it seem like... Kuro’s angry? Black smoke was coming out of her body,
you know...

[...By the way, Shalltear? Did I just hear you say “you’re going to beat up my
family”?]

[N-No, it’s just a joke, I tell you... I’m seriously serious here! I swear to
God! Stop, stop... Please stop clenching that fist. Being punched by Kuro is a
real life-threatening situation... wait! Why the heck is that black vortex
behind you, Kuro-san?!]

[...]

[...Ahh, K-Kuro-san! You look more beautiful than usual today huh! However,
Kuro-san doesn’t look good with an angry face, you know? I like you more with a
smile\~\~]

[...]

[...Ummm... errrr... I’m sorry.]

[Hmph!]

[GYYAAAAAAAHHHHH?!]

Well, I guess Kuro knows that what Alice said was just a joke. After all, she
held back in her punch just now... right? She did hold back in her punch...
right? It would be great... if she held back. Well—It’s Alice after all, so she
should be alright.

---

After scolding Alice on the Special Monster Race, I enjoyed my time plentifully.
It was a race comprised with Champions, and all the Monsters competing looked
like Heroes of the past. The race itself was quite heated, with sweaty running
battles and fierce direct battles occurring. I didn’t buy any tickets or place
any bets, but the Monster Race looked so flashy that it was fun even without the
betting. Dr. Vier and Neun-san were also having fun and were able to forget
about Alice, who didn’t learn anything at all and kept on messing around. By the
time we had finished watching some of the races, the sky was beginning to be
dyed in deep red.

[Hnnn\~\~ That was fun! That was a heated race, wasn’t it?]

[Yes, it was my first time in a Monster Race, but it was a swelteringly hot
battle.]

[That’s right... Oh, it’s already evening. What should we do? I don’t think we
have much time to go around too much anymore...]

Walking out of the Monster Race’s racetrack, I talked with Dr. Vier and
Neun-san. The festival seems to be going on until about 10:00 pm, but I can’t
stay that late because I still have to bring Bell and Lynn back to Lilia-san’s
mansion.

[Ahh, in that case, there is one last attraction I want to go to... Can we go
there?]

[Yes, I’m fine with it. Neun-san, are you alright with it?]

[Yes.]

Saying that there was an attraction she wanted to visit, Dr. Vier brought
Neun-san and I along.

[...By the way, what kind of attraction is it?]

[I think there’s something called Flying Dragon Gondola somewhere... Sister Ein
told me about it yesterday.]

[Flying Dragon Gondola...?]

[Unnn. It’s like the Flying Dragon Services, but they’ve adjusted the ride so
that one can see the scenery better. I heard that it would take us around this
big island.]

I see, that certainly sounds interesting. It’s fun to fly and look at the
scenery, and it was also just right since we would be able to see the beautiful
sunset.

[That sounds nice. I’ve seen the view from the sky a few times, and it’s really
nice to look at.]

[Unnn, unnn, I can also fly by myself but... there’s a different kind of
greatness in watching it like this.]

[I can’t fly though, so I’m looking forward to it. Kaito-san, you mentioned
seeing the view from the sky several times... Do you often ride Flying Dragon
Services?]

[I’ve ridden Flying Dragon Services for about three times already. I also flew
with Kuro... and then, there was that time “I was thrown into the sky while
traveling from the center of the Demon Realm to the Southern Demon Realm” once.]

[...That sounds strange, isn’t it? I just can’t imagine what kind of
situation... would lead for you to experience something strange like that.]

[...It’s that idiot’s fault.]

I don’t want to have that experience again. Ahh, I guess that time when I went
to visit Shiro-san’s Sanctuary counts too... Does being in that place also mean
I’ve seen the view from the sky? Well, anyway, I think I’ve experienced seeing
the view from the sky fairly well.

After chatting and moving around for a while, we arrived at the location of the
Flying Dragon Gondola that Dr. Vier mentioned. How should I say this... It seems
like everyone was also thinking the same thing... In front of the sign that said
“Flying Dragon Gondola”, there was a very long line and at the end of the queue,
there was a person with a sign that said “Estimated Wait Time: 3 Hours”. Stunned
by the sheer volume of the queue, Dr. Vier approached the attendant holding the
sign at the end of the queue.

[...We’re the Black-Rank Miyama Kaito-kun’s group!]

[Hahh! Understood! Just in case, please allow me to check your invitation...
Yes, thank you for your patience. Please come this way.]

[...Thank you.]

As expected of the Former Demon Lord, she uses whatever she could... What an
efficient person she is. Thanks to that, we didn’t have to wait in a long line
to get on the Flying Dragon Gondola.

...Frankly speaking, it was a tremendous view.

It seemed like this Flying Dragon was flying at a considerable altitude, as I
saw a scene in front of me that would have been impossible without flying,
looking down at Magnawell-san. I mean, I know it’s a bit late to say this now...
Magnawell-san is too big. Just his vertical height alone is over 5000 meters,
which means that considering the shape of an Earth Dragon... His total length is
many times more than that. It feels like it would be tens of thousands of
meters.

[Wow\~\~ The sunset is so beautiful\~\~]

[Yes, it’s very beautiful.]

I was caught off guard by Magnawell-san’s enormity, but I moved my gaze when I
heard Dr. Vier and Neun-san’s voices. Thereupon, I could see the city dyed in
red, the sea glistening in the setting sun... It was a spectacular view that
left me speechless. Especially on this third day, when there are so many large
facilities, it’s very nice to see them from the sky like this. Hmmm, I guess I
have to thank Dr. Vier and Ein-san for this huh? I probably wouldn’t have
noticed this gondola if I’d been going around by myself today...

[...How should I say this... It’s unknown, isn’t it?]

[Eh? Neun-san?]

As I stared at the view, which I wanted to take a picture of and frame on my
wall, I heard Neun-san murmur. Dr. Vier and I turned around to look at
Neun-san... and saw her with a serene smile as she continued.

[...No, I was just thinking of the obvious, that what the future holds is
unknown.]

[Were you thinking about that Japan country?]

[Something like that. I was the daughter of a small kenjutsu dojo. My future had
already been decided by my parents... Told that I would be married to someone
who would benefit the family and live to take care of my household... Without
any question, I thought my life would go on like that.]

There must have been more arranged marriages in Neun-san’s era compared to my
era. Neun-san, at least, lived in a time when it was normal for a woman to marry
a man of her parents’ choice, and to take care of her household and raise their
children.

[...For some reason, I was summoned to another world, and I ended up on a
journey to defeat the Demon Lord. At the time, I never doubted that once I
defeated the Demon Lord, everything would be over and I would return to my
previous world.]

[...]

[The future really is unknown. In the end, I chose to leave my previous world
behind me and took Kuromu-sama’s hand. I chose to abandon my Human body and
became a Demon of my own will... And now, here I am, looking at beautiful
scenery together with the Demon Lord who was supposed to be my enemy and
Kaito-san who lived in the same world as mine from a different era.]

[Neun’s life has certainly been filled with ups and downs, hasn’t it?]

[Yes.]

After nodding at Dr. Vier’s words with a smile, she turned her gaze back to the
sunset and continued.

[...The scene I’m looking at now... is very different from the future I once
envisioned. And compared to the vague future that I had imagined... is always...
always making me think... about this “happy everyday life” that I have now.
Fufufu, I guess I would have to thank Vier and Kaito-san for that.]

[It’s the same for me though? I know that the future doesn’t always work out the
way we want it... However, I think such aspect of life is fine as well.]

[That’s right... I don’t think I could have predicted that a day like this would
come either.]

After each of us said a few words, we just stared at the sunset without saying
another word. Even though we don’t put it into words, somehow... I feel like
we’re thinking of the same things right now. Thinking that it would be great if
we can have happy experiences like this even in the future...

---

After parting ways with my companions for the third day of the Six Kings
Festival, Dr. Vier and Neun-san, and bringing Bell and Lynn back to Lilia-san’s
mansion, the sky was already completely dark. However, the festival was still
going on and the city was still bright.

Buying some fruits from a stall along the way... I headed to that place where
Lilia-san and the others were staying. It was to visit Sieg-san, who had fainted
after that incident with the Rainbow Dragon. According to the hummingbird I
received, Sieg-san had already woken up and recovered from the shock she
received from being suddenly handed a billion yen. And thus, I came to Lilia-san
and the others’ inn. Their accommodation was also quite huge, but wasn’t as
insanely large as the one I was in, and to be honest, I was a bit envious. No,
it’s not that I have a problem with the place that Kuro and the others prepared
for me... but to be honest, the place was so big that I’m not even sure if I
will enjoy staying in that place during the Six Kings Festival...

[...Listen here, okay? Promise me this, okay? Never take out jewels like that
without my orders! Don’t give them to strangers either.]

[...]

In the place that looked like a common room, which I arrived at after being
guided by the inn’s employee, Sieg-san spoke with a serious expression on her
place, to which the Rainbow Dragon silently nodded.

[In particular, that one... Look at that woman over there. Make sure you
remember the face of that woman named Lunamaria. “Definitely don’t listen to
what she says”, okay? Even if she gives you food, never accept it. Also, she
might trick you with some things like saying I told her to tell you something...
You should never trust anything she says. Even though you should know who she is
because you can see her fairly well... but please treat her as a “stranger”.]

[...]

Listening to Sieg-san’s words as she repeatedly told her “never” over and over
again, Luna-san looked at her with a dumbfounded expression on her face. And as
I approached Lilia-san, who was wryly smiling next to Luna-san, I heard a voice.

[...An extremely deep trust from my close friend that I would definitely do
something. This unworthy Lunamaria... can’t help but cry.]

[To be honest though, I think Sieg is handling it the right way.]

[Milady?!]

[I think so too.]

[Even Miyama-sama too?! D-Don’t you think you’re a bit too rude? That act is
tantamount to smearing my character, you know? Yes, I’m deeply hurt by what you
said.]

With an exaggerated reaction, Luna-san took a handkerchief out of nowhere and
bit on it, pretending to be crying.

[...But if Sieg-san hadn’t warned the baby dragon, you would have done it,
right?]

[...Well... I can’t deny that.]

...So she’s going to do it. With a face that looked like I had struck the
bullseye, I knew that she would definitely do something like that. As expected
of Luna-san, she doesn’t waver at all. It seems that Sieg-san, being her close
friend, knows Luna-san’s personality very well. I thought that would be the end
of the conversation, but Sieg-san glanced at Lilia-san next and then, spoke to
the Rainbow Dragon.

[...Also, look at Lili... Duchess Lilia Albert over there. She’s the head of the
house we’re living in. We’re under her care, so basically, you should listen to
her words well...]

[Oohhh, Lilia-san has quite the evaluation of you, doesn’t she?]

[Well, unlike Luna, I’m not thinking of money-making every single time after
all.]

As for Sieg-san’s instructions to the Rainbow Dragon regarding Lilia-san, she
started with the words “basically” before telling her to follow Lilia-san’s
words. I guess she was talking about things unrelated to her gems huh. Well, I’m
sure Lilia-san would also feel troubled if she was handed a gem worth 800
million to 1 billion yen... She could even suddenly pass out.

[...However, if she asks for your scales or if she wants to trim your mane,
please refuse. Also, if she tries to bring you into her room, please run away.]

[...Eh? W-Wait, Sieg... What are you talking about?]

[Lili has a previous record of being “bitten when she tried to bring Lynn-chan
into her room”, so please be careful around her.]

I think I just heard something I can’t overlook. She got bitten while trying to
get Lynn into her room? Lilia-san did something like that?!

[...Lilia-san, as Lynn’s owner, I’d like to talk to you later.]

[I-I’m sorry. It was just a one-time... impulse...]

[I’ll talk to you later.]

[...Yes.]

Putting aside if Lynn had agreed to it, she probably doesn’t want to though
since Lynn bit her, so I’ll make sure to scold her about it. Well, Lilia-san
seems to be reflecting about it though, so I guess there’s no need for me to
harshly scold her... And then, Sieg-san glanced at me before speaking to the
Rainbow Dragon again. Arehh? She’s going to talk about me too?

[...When it comes to that man over there, Miyama Kaito-san, please make sure you
listen to what he has to say. He is very dear to me. If Kaito-san asks you for a
gem, please give him one.]

[...]

[I guess it’s to be expected that she had a very high evaluation of you,
Kaito-san.]

[What is this? Saying that you’re very dear to her... All I hear is that you’re
flirting about though...]

Sieg-san’s warnings to the Rainbow Dragon have finally ended. I wonder how much
of what Sieg-san said could be understood by the baby Rainbow Dragon though. But
considering that the Rainbow Dragon followed Sieg-san’s instructions and
generated a Rainbow Diamond when I asked Alice to examine it, and considering
the fact that she was nodding her head at key points in Sieg-san’s warnings, she
might actually be pretty smart. However, it seems like she was still a baby.
After listening to Sieg-san’s story, it seemed like she had felt sleepy,
climbing on the sitting Sieg-san’s lap after her story, and curling up, she fell
asleep. As I was being soothed by her cute gesture, I noticed that Lilia-san and
Luna-san had disappeared before I knew it. It seems that they were being mindful
and left Sieg-san and I alone.

[...Sieg-san, are you feeling okay? I’m sorry, it ended up in quite the
commotion...]

[No, please don’t apologize. It was thanks to Kaito-san that I was able to meet
this child... I don’t feel like I can thank you enough for it. But still, allow
me to express my gratitude... Thank you.]

After telling me this with her usual gentle expression, Sieg-san added, “I was
surprised by the white gold coin though”, with a wry smile on her face, and I
smiled along with her. After handing over the fruits I brought with me, Sieg-san
sat down on the sofa and I sat down next to her.

...It’s so quiet. There were no servants in the common room, probably because
Lilia-san and the others had taken care of having them leave the premises. It
was just Sieg-san and I. I wonder if that’s why? Sitting side by side with
Sieg-san tonight, I felt ticklish... and yet, I felt relieved and strangely
calm.

[...Speaking of which, have you decided on a name for the child?]

[...No. Actually, in regards to that, I have a favor I’d like to ask Kaito-san.]

[A favor?]

[Yes... Will you decide on a name for this child, Kaito-san?]

[Ehh? M-Me?]

Those words were honestly something I didn’t expect. It was Sieg-san’s
long-cherished dream to have a pet, so I thought she would name her pet
herself... so I didn’t think she would ask me to name her pet here. My naming
sense... I wonder how good it is? Bell’s name came from Alice, and Lynn’s name
came from Mary-san. I’ve never named a pet before... and frankly speaking, I
don’t have a shred of confidence in my naming sense. I-Is it possible for me to
gently turn her request down?

[...It’s thanks to Kaito-san that I was able to meet this child. Ummm, t-this
might be annoying but... I think of her as “our child”... That’s why, ummm, I’d
like to ask you to name her, Kaito-san.]

[...]

[...Is it no good?]

[No! P-Please wait a moment. I’m still thinking about it.]

I can’t refuse?! Receiving a request with such a murderously cute expression,
combined with her blushing red cheeks and slightly downcast look, there was no
way I could say no. A cute girl like Sieg-san is asking a request filled with
her love like this... If I don’t live up to her request, then no way I can call
myself a man!

Think, strain my mind... All the knowledge that exists in my head, I need you on
my side for now...

[...Ah, come to think of it, is that Rainbow Dragon a boy or a girl?]

[She’s female... a girl.]

[I see, alright. P-Please leave it to me.]

A name, a name, a girl’s name... Ugghhhh, this is difficult. A name that will
live up to Sieg-san’s expectations... Show me the lightbulb, my head!

...This child is a Rainbow Dragon. Rainbow... Rain? No, it’s too cheesy of a
name, and I feel like it would bring rain instead of rainbows in our lives
instead... Hmmm. From what I see, her wings may be rainbow-colored, but this
child looks like the aurora. She’s got a body as black as the night sky and a
mane like emerald... I’ll have to think along those lines.

Aurora borealis... Aurora... Speaking of which, I think I’ve seen it being
featured on a TV show back then. What was it again? If I remember correctly,
didn’t they talk about the origins of auroras? If I remember correctly, they
also featured what they call the aurora in different countries. Remember...
Squeeze that memory out!

[...H-How about... “Selas”? You can also call her Sela...][^borealis]

[Selas, that’s a very pretty name. Does that name have any origin?]

[Errr, in a language back in my world... It means “dawn”.][^selas]

[Dawn?]

[Yes. Do you have auroras in this world?]

[Auroras? Yes, I’ve never seen it myself, but I believe it’s something you can
see in the Land of Death...]

It seems like the aurora is a phenomenon that also exists in this world. I
wonder if someone who played the role of Hero back then named it? Well, that
aside, this makes it easier for me to explain.

[In the world I was in, the aurora was a natural phenomenon where you could see
green lights in the night sky, just like the body and mane of this child. And
the origin of the aurora was the Goddess of Dawn, so I associated her name after
that.]

[...I see.]

[...W-What do you think?]

The name I gave her, based on the hazy knowledge I managed to pull out of my
head, is pretty good in my opinion. It’s a girlish name, and it’s easy to call
her by her nickname... I think.

[...It’s a really, really nice name. Kaito-san, thank you.]

[No.]

Thank goodness... It seems like she liked it. As I let out a sigh of relief
since Sieg-san liked the name Selas, I felt Sieg-san’s head gently leaning on my
shoulder.

[Sieg-san?]

[...Kaito-san. Can I stay like this for a while?]

[...Yes.]

[...Thank you. Just spending time with you like this makes me feel so happy...
I’m glad to have met you, Kaito-san.]

[Yes, I’m also glad that I met you, Sieg-san.]

I feel like from the part of Sieg-san’s body that is touching me, warmth was
being transmitted and was slowly warming my whole body up. I wonder what this
is? Can I say it like our hearts communicating with each other...? The feeling
of sharing the same happiness with each other feels inexplicably comforting.

[...Kaito-san... I’ll take good care of Selas.]

[I’ll help you too... It’s our child after all...]

[...Yes.]

Hugging Sieg-san’s shoulders as she leaned her body on me, I truly enjoyed a
moment filled with happiness.

---

After a leisurely chat with Sieg-san, I was walking from the inn where Lilia-san
and the others were staying to the Central Tower. The festival seemed to have
completely shifted to a night festival, and the streets, lit up by magic tools
that glowed like lanterns, seemed to be noisier than during the day. Seeing all
the people drinking and shopping at the stalls made me want to buy something to
eat. So as not to affect my dinner though, I just decided to buy some grilled
skewers. The best part of the festival, for me personally, is the food. It’s
really great to eat freshly made food in a quiet place a little away from the
boisterous streets, filled with the unique atmosphere of the festival. It’s
great to eat skewers while walking around, or to stop and eat yakisoba noodles a
few distance away from the stalls.

...Hmmm. I wonder what I should buy though... Those wyvern skewers look good,
but the grilled squid over there looks irresistible. However, at a festival,
eating those things that look like takoyaki is a staple... No, I can also go for
something sweet, just like the candy apples over there. As I walked along,
looking at the nearby stalls, trying to decide which stall to buy from... I
suddenly heard a loud, familiar call from behind me.

[Ahh! Found you~! Kaitokun-saaaan!]

[...Raz-san?]

[Yes! Good evening, Kaitokun-san!]

Flying towards me with a big smile on her face was Raz-san, busily flapping the
small wings on her back. Coming up to me, Raz-san then began flying around me,
speaking to me with a happy expression on her face... She’s so cute.

[Good evening, Raz-san. It’s unexpected to meet you at this hour, isn’t it?]

[Yes! Raz is soooooooo happy to see you, Kaitokun-san!]

Raz-san expresses her emotions while moving her small body to the best of her
ability, which makes her really cute. Raz-san’s existence really soothes one’s
heart.

[...Is Raz-san also here to check out the stalls?]

[Yes! During lunch, Raz was helping Kuromu-sama carry vegetables! So, after we
finished that, I came to see the festival with Acht-kun and Eva-san\~\~. Butty
but but, Raz felt Kaitokun-san’s magic power along the way! So, I came to see
you. Ehehe\~\~]

What the heck is this cute little creature... Even just a single explanation
filled with gestures with her small body looked very adorable. I wonder if all
fairies were as cute as her? If that’s the case, I’d like to visit the fairies’
village once.

[Kaitokun-san, Kaitokun-san. Are you free right now? If you have time, go around
the festival with Raz and the others!]

[...I guess I could. I can’t stay too late, but if Raz-san doesn’t mind, I’d
love to go around with you.]

[Really?! Yaaayyyy, going around with Kaitokun-san!]

I was just about to look around the stalls anyway, so I agreed to Raz-san’s
suggestion. Thereupon, we move together towards the place where Acht and Eva
are. Raz-san seemed to be really happy, as she flew next to me with an adorable
smile on her face.

[Ahh, by the way, Raz-san.]

[What is it?]

[Actually, during the day, I heard from Neun-san... errr, about Raz-san’s
abilities. Raz-san is amazing huh.]

I decided to tell her that I had talked about her with Neun-san during the day.
Well, the fact that Neun-san told me about it means that it isn’t something that
we shouldn’t talk about... but I think it’s better if the person herself knows
about it.

[Mnnnhhhh, is that so... Kaitokun-san has now learned about Raz’s abilities
huh.]

[Y-Yes...]

Hearing what I said, for some reason, Raz-san mumbled with a complicated
expression on her face. Her reaction is quite different from what I had
expected... Arehh? Perhaps, was it a topic that she didn’t want people to know
much about? Raz-san did say that she didn’t like fighting... If that’s the case,
I should apologize...

[If Kaito-san knows about it, it can’t be helped... Yes! It’s just as Kaito-kun
san heard! Raz-san can make “flowers bloom”!!!]

[...Eh?]

[Raz-san is a flower fairy after all. I can make a lot of flowers bloom! It
works a bit differently with vegetables though... With Raz’s ability, it grows
nice and delicious!!! Fufufu, it’s Raz-san’s secret ability... Don’t tell it to
others, okay?]

[H-Huhh...]

Arehh? The situation went in an unexpected direction. The ability to make
flowers bloom? What about her never-miss arrows?

[Is something the matter?]

[Ah, no... That’s right. Raz-san is amazing huh.]

[Eh? R-Really? Raz is amazing?]

[Yes, Raz-san is really amazing.]

[Ehehe, is that so? Receiving Kaitokun-san’s praise makes Raz very happy!]

Seeing Raz-san tilting her head in curiosity, I was convinced. For Raz-san,
abilities like a never-miss arrow or an ultra-long-range attack... doesn’t
matter at all. For the gentle Raz-san, who had no intention of fighting unless
she had to, the first thing that came to her mind when she heard the word
ability was her ability to make flowers bloom.

[...And then, we harvested a vegetable thiiiiiiiiiiiiiis big!]

[Heehhh... Raz-san is an expert at growing vegetables huh.]

[Ehhen! Raz’s vegetables are very delicious!]

[I’d certainly like to taste your vegetables.]

[Leave it to me! I’ll give some to Kaitokun-san next time so pleeeeeeenty that
you have to carry them in both of your hands!]

Raz-san seemed to be enjoying herself immensely and had been talking incessantly
since a while ago. It was fun to talk with the cheerful and always smiling
Raz-san, and she looked so adorable as she merrily flitted about. Thanks to her
presence, I also had a smile on my face all the time... How should I say this, I
felt as if the fatigue accumulated from my daily life was being healed.

As we happily moved along like that, I saw two familiar backs a good distance
away. They were definitely Acht and Eva... and it seems like they’re in
Humanized form. Well, Acht is pretty big, so perhaps, their human form would be
more convenient to go around the festival. Unnn, be that as it may... Why are
the both of them “sitting on the ground”?

[Acht-kuuuuuun! Eva-saaaaaaan! Thank you for waiting! I’ve brought
Kaitokun-san\~\~]

As I was wondering what was going on with them, Raz-san approached them,
cheerfully calling out their names. Hearing her voice, Acht turned around and
spoke, looking somewhat flustered.

[S-Sis Raz?! You brought Kaito with you?! N-No... Run away!]

[ [ Eh? ] ]

[Acht is right, it’s not safe here! Quickly leave this place!!!]

Moreover, Eva also agreed with Acht and told us to run away. Of course, Raz-san
and I tilted our heads... but when we heard the voice that called out shortly
after, I understood the meaning of their voice.

[...You have quite the nerve to turn your back on me while in the middle of our
conversation huh. Acht, Eva.]

[ [ Hyiiiiiihhhh?!]

Yes, it’s Zwei-san. In front of Acht and Eva, who were sitting in seiza,
Zwei-san stood with her arms crossed, and I could feel how intimidating she was
even from a distance.

[...Haahhh... How deplorable you’ve become. It seems like you’ve all loosened up
a lot when I don’t keep an eye on you lot for a while. I guess I’ll have to take
a look around the whole family first before returning back to work... Well,
before that, let’s talk about you two first...]

[...E-Eva... D-Do something...]

[Don’t be absurd! I can’t go against Elder Sis Zwei!]

[Stop with the whispering. Or perhaps, do you want me to shut you up?]

[ [ M-My apologies!!! ] ]

Scary... Even though she wasn’t scolding me... Zwei-san is scary. Sitting before
her, Acht and Eva were sweating profusely, and I felt like I was being pressured
by the sharp atmosphere. But then, that atmosphere was shattered by a cute
bell-like voice.

[Ahh\~\~! It’s Big Sister Zwei! Good evening\~\~]

[...Oya? If it isn’t Razelia. Yes, good evening. It’s been a while.]

[Big Sister Zwei, when did you get here? I’m glad to meet you here\~\~]

[About a few hours ago. I prioritized greeting Kuromu-sama, so it took me a
while to come see the others. I’m relieved to see that you’re doing well.]

[Yes! Raz is always doing well!]

A-As expected of Raz-san. She’s not afraid of that scary Zwei-san at all... I
guess that means Raz-san’s communipower is on a monstrous level already.

[What’s the matter with Acht-kun and Eva-san?]

[I’m telling them off for their appearance.]

[Appearance huh\~\~ Big Sister Zwei, what about Raz?]

[...Fumu, your clothes are clean and your hair is neatly done. You look
wonderful.]

[Yaayyyy, Big Sister Zwei complimented me!]

[However, it’s great that you’re lively, but moderation must be observed, yes?]

[Roger~!]

Hearing Raz-san’s cheerful words, Zwei-san also had a smile on her face as she
responded. How strange. When she was talking with Raz-san, Zwei-san seemed like
a normal big sister who loves her younger sister. No, it may just be that I’ve
only ever seen Zwei-san when she’s angry, and when she isn’t scolding someone,
she might be surprisingly kind...

[...Now then, Acht, Eve, shall we continue our conversation?]

[ [ Hyyiiiihhhh?! ] ]

...Unnn. Still scary. The smile that she had been giving Raz-san earlier
disappeared, and her cold, sharp eyes glared at Acht and Eva.

[Listen here, okay? In the first place, taking care of your appearance isn’t
something that I should...]

[...Eh?]

Zwei-san, who was about to continue scolding Acht and Eva, noticed me and turned
her gaze towards me... geh, she really is scary! W-Why the heck are her eyes
glaring at me that bad?!

[...If it isn’t Miyama-sama, what a coincidence to meet you here.]

[Ah, y-yes! G-G-Good evening!]

[Good evening. Coincidence it may be, it’s a pleasure to see you again.]

...You don’t look pleased though?! You look as if you’re looking at the evil
hellspawn who killed your parents, you know?! C-Could it be... she’s angry
because I interrupted her sermon?N-No, it’s true that it felt like I’ve splashed
water on her head twice already, but it’s not like I’m doing it on purpose...

---

How did I end up in this situation? I just thought I’d take a look around the
night festival with Raz-san, who I ran into earlier...

Receiving Zwei-san’s focused glare, I broke out in a cold sweat and shivered.
After a while, Zwei-san took her gaze off me, allowing me to let out a sigh of
relief. It was only a few minutes, but I felt exhausted, feeling as if she was
staring at me for hours... Seriously, did I do something for Zwei-san to get
angry at me? After she took her eyes off me, Zwei-san turned towards Acht and
Eva, and quietly spoke.

[...Acht, Eval.]

[ [ Y-Yes! ] ]

[Be mindful from now on... Maintaining your appearance is important.]

[ [ Yes!!! ...Eh? ] ]

After loudly replying to Zwei-san’s words... For some reason, Acht and Eva’s
faces looked as if they had seen something unbelievable.

[...If I want to express how much I care for the two of them, I must strictly
scold them. But, however... My apologies, Acht, Eval. I... don’t want to make
Kaito-sama think that I’m a “scary woman”. Guidance will be given at a later
date, so please forgive your selfish sister for now.]

Zwei-san seemed to be muttering something in a low voice at the end, but due to
the considerable distance between us, I couldn’t quite catch what she said, but
her expression remained sharp... She might have murmured something related to
me. After she finished talking with Acht and Eva, Zwei-san glared at me again.
How should I say this... I was now painfully aware of how a frog feels why it’s
being stared at by a snake. As if to help me out of this predicament, Raz-san
flaps her way in front of Zwei-san.

A-As expected of Raz-san! The fairy who can read the mood! Please make her stop
with that glare of her that feels like she wants to shoot me in the head...

[...Big Sister Zwei, why don’t you go with Raz and everyone too\~\~?]

...I retract my previous statement. I thought she would be helping, but she
ended up helping the other side to corner me. No, no, you can’t do that,
Raz-san! I don’t know the reason why, but there’s an incredibly threatening
atmosphere around here, you know?! I’m begging you, please read the mood! N-No,
wait... It should be alright. Zwei doesn’t seem to like me, and from what I’ve
heard, she should be a very busy person. There’s no way that she would agree to
Raz-san’s offer...

[...I guess so. I have a few “concerns” in mind, so I’ll go with you.]

[ [ [ ! ? ] ] ]

[Yaaaay, I’m going around with Big Sister Zwei-san!]

Seeing Zwei-san readily nodding in agreement, Acht and Eva... and my expression
is tinged with despair. Whhhhhhyyyyyyyyy?! Why did she agree to it?! There’s
something she’s worried about? ...It’s definitely that, right? I’ve heard that
Zwei-san always thinks about her family... so perhaps, she’s going to keep an
eye on me and the others, making sure that we don’t do anything strange.

[...As I thought, Kaito-sama’s face looks pale. Moreover, he’s sweating a lot...
He really might not be feeling well. Kaito-sama is a person with the pure heart
of a saint, so I guess he couldn’t refuse Razelia’s invitation. I’m worried
about him... If needs be, I need to be there to help him!]

Just as I thought earlier, her lips were faintly moving, and she seemed to be
whispering something softly... The only thing I could somewhat catch was “If
needs be, I...” or something along those lines... but does that mean she’s
watching me to see if I do anything? I never thought I’d have to go around the
festival with her shooting glares on my face... Seriously, how the heck did this
happen? Uuuuuu, I guess I’ll ask Lilia-san to share some stomach medicine with
me later.

[S-Sis Zwei?! E-Errr, a-aren’t you busy...]

[T-That’s right! Acht and I will make sure to watch Elder Sis Raz, so you don’t
have to...]

[Thank you for your concern. It’s true that my schedule will be a little packed
tomorrow... but there’s something I need to handle that is more important than
that.]

[ [ I-Is that so... ] ]

[Embarrassing it may be, I’m not as skillful as Ein. I have a bad habit of
losing sight of my surroundings when I concentrate on one thing. And now, I
would have to forget about work and give my undivided attention to this matter.]

[ [ Ah, yes. ] ]

What the heck is with that undivided attention?! Does she want me to leave? Is
she trying to get rid of me?! Forget about work, she’s putting all her energy
into watching me... Awawa, how the heck did this happen...

[Well then, Miyama-sama. It might be “just for a short time”... but I will be in
your care.]

[...Yesh.]

She’s going to finish what she’s planning in just a short time?! I-I’m sure now.
Zwei-san is planning to eliminate me immediately if I take even the slightest no
good action! This is too scary... This is definitely a punishment game...

Thereupon, with precise footsteps, Zwei-san moved towards the dumbfounded me...
and whispered to me in a quiet voice that Raz-san and the others couldn’t hear.

[...It’s alright. I will not let my eyes out of you for even a single moment.
I’ll be right behind you, so you can be relieved and enjoy the festival.]

[...Yes.]

H-Hyyiiiiiiiihhhh?! S-She’s warning me of what she’s doing?! What she’s saying
is that she’s going to watch me from behind to make sure that she doesn’t miss
even the slightest blunder?! I-I don’t know how many times I’ve asked this
but... How the heck did this happen?

The night festival is crowded with many people, and it is very boisterous
because many people have been drinking... or so it should have been. However,
what is this? This uncomfortable silence and the chill running down my spine...

[...]

No, the cause for this was obvious. It’s because of the pressure being released
by Zwei-san, who has been walking three steps behind me since a while ago. Just
as she said, she had been glaring at me without stopping. Seriously, why the
heck does she hate me so much... wait, arehh? Hate? Wait... Thinking about it,
it’s not like Zwei-san directly told me that she hates me or anything like that.
Although we’ve only known each other for a short while, Zwei-san seemed to be
the type of person who speaks such things without hesitation.

So, it’s possible that Zwei-san only looks unwelcoming because we still don’t
know each other. Unnn, perhaps, if I try to talk to her, I might be surprised at
how easily she can be talked to. Even though she might be working like a Feudal
Lord, I don’t think there’s any reason for her to be unwelcoming to someone she
first met. Let’s just forget that she’s glaring at me with very intimidating
eyes... a-and try talking to her. H-Here I go... With my communipower at full
burst, let’s give her a smile...

[Z-Zwei-san, you sometimes lose sight of your surroundings when you
concentrate?]

[Yes.]

[I-I actually have a similar habit. What a coincidence, isn’t it?]

[Is that so?]

[...Yes.]

[...]

[...]

The conversation won’t continuuuuuuuuueeee?! The combination of her glaring eyes
and nonchalant tone made it impossible for me to expand the conversation. Kuhhh,
so this is the limit of my communipower huh... Ahh, monstrous communipower
Raz-san is looking here.

[Wow\~\~ Kaitokun-san, you’re amazing! You’re already getting along with Big
Sister Vwei\~\~]

[...]

Could you please elaborate a bit on where the heck were you looking when you
said that we’re getting along? We totally looked like a snake and a frog, you
know?! Acht and Eva too, could you please not look away and help me out here...

...What a bummer. This is the first time I’ve struggled this much with a
conversation since the first time I met Shiro-san. Even so, Shiro-san wasn’t
glaring at me, so we managed to have a good conversation but... Zwei-san’s eyes
are so intimidating that I can’t seem to communicate with her well. If there was
an opportunity for us to get to know each other...

As I was walking along thinking about this, I suddenly heard a loud angry shout.

[The fuck did you say?! You’re just a subordinate of the War King, an imbecile
who knows nothing but fighting!]

[And you’re bastards who just keep on hiding!!!]

When I turned around at the sound of the voice, I saw there was some kind of
fight going on. Incidentally, me, Raz-san, Acht and Eva turned to the direction
of the voice... but Zwei-san’s eyes kept on glaring at me. Apparently, she’s so
focused on watching me that she can’t even hear those angry voices.

[...They’re at it again huh. War King’s subordinates and Phantasmal King’s
subordinates...]

[Seriously, they don’t get along with each other at all... ah, it’s troublesome
if we get caught up with their fight, so let’s get going already.]

Seeing the quarrel, Eva and Acht muttered with a dumbfounded expression on her
face. Hmmm, it really seems like the War King’s subordinates and Phantom King’s
subordinates are like cats and dogs. And just as Acht said, it would be better
if we leave before we get caught up... but at that moment, that incident
happened.

The War King’s subordinate threw an alcohol bottle she was holding, and the
Phantom King’s subordinate smashed it with a strike. A tiny drop of alcohol flew
from the shattered bottle towards Zwei-san’s cheek, who had been staring at me
all this while. The drop of alcohol was so small that I wondered if I would even
notice it. But for the first time, Zwei-san took her eyes off me and slowly
brought her hand to her cheek. Then, after lightly wiping her cheeks with her
gloved hand, she brought her hand in front of her face... and her body began
shaking.

[...Ahh... Ahhh...]

It wasn’t only Zwei-san whose expression changed. The other three people with me
also had a “despairing look on their faces, as if the world had ended”.

[T-This is bad, this is freaking bad...]

[Big Sis Raz! Contact Big Sis Ein immediately! We won’t be able to stop her!]

[I-I-I-I know that!]

W-What’s happening? Even that Raz-san turned pale and became flustered. While I
was feeling confused all on my own, Raz-san took a bow out of nowhere and shot
an arrow towards the sky. And at about the same time... an extremely angry shout
echoed in the surroundings.

[You bastaaaaaarrddsss! How dare you... How dare you “soil this body that
Kuromu-sama gave me”... All of you bastards! Don’t think I’ll let a single piece
of your flesh stay in this world! I’ll fucking kill you all!!!]

[ ! ? ]

Zwei-san’s expression was as fierce as that of a Demon that crawled out of hell.
S-She’s completely pissed off! It’s literally as if she’s boiling with rage...
As Zwei-san, who was clad in rage that made the atmosphere tremble, was about to
lunge at the pale-looking War King’s subordinate and Phantasmal King’s
subordinate, Ein-san appeared before Zwei-san’s eyes.

[Calm yourself, Zwei.]

[Get lost, Ein! They dare do this... to my supreme body, bestowed upon me by
Kuromu-sama! To this ultimate body where I won’t let even the slightest trace of
dirt to sully! But these trash!!!]

[...I know that you are proud of the body that Kuromu-sama made for you, and
that’s why you “always wear gloves” to keep your body clean. But if you go out
of control, you’ll turn this area into scorched earth... and Kuromu-sama won’t
want that, don’t you think?]

[Kuhhh... Y-You’re telling me to suppress this? This anger that scorches me from
within...]

Reacting to the part about Kuro, not wanting her to do such an act, Zwei-san bit
her lips and glared at the two quarreling people with bloodshot eyes.

[You need to be patient... Also, “you’ll scare away Kaito-sama” if you
continue.]

[Wha?! Aaahh...]

When Zwei-san heard Ein-san’s words, she turned towards me with a shocked
expression on her face... but on the contrary, I became confused. No, it’s not
that I felt nervous or frightened when she turned towards me. I’m also not going
to be frightened or drawn back from Zwei-san’s anger, because each person has
something important for them.

What I was feeling confused about... “was the emotions coming from Zwei-san”.
Zwei-san had been suppressing her magic power from earlier, so I couldn’t read
her emotions with my Sympathy Magic. But now, as if her control towards her
magic power was disturbed by her anger, I could feel Zwei-san’s emotions. From
Zwei-san, who was looking at me with a troubled expression on her face, I could
feel embarrassment, impatience... and an overwhelming amount of “affection”. Eh?
What does this mean? To be honest, I thought that Zwei-san hated me. That’s why,
feeling Zwei-san’s overflowing affection—I was completely confused.

As I was feeling puzzled by the unexpected emotions coming from Zwei-san, she
lightly shook her head, as if to regain her composure, and walked in front of
me. Perhaps, she had already suppressed her magic power, as I couldn’t read
Zwei-san’s emotions anymore.

[...My apologies, Miyama-sama. I ended up showing you something unsightly.]

[Ah, no, that’s okay...]

Hmmm, looking at her like this, I can’t help but feel as if the emotions I just
felt were just my imagination. The sharp-eyed Zwei-san, just like earlier,
started glaring at me again. Her cool and polite manner of speaking also added
to the sharpness of the atmosphere, but I didn’t feel the same fear I felt
before.

[...Ummm, Zwei-san. This might be sudden, but I have a favor to ask.]

[Yes? What is it?]

[...This might be rude, but can you please stop suppressing your magic for a few
moments?]

[...I understand.]

Despite my sudden request, Zwei-san immediately complied and released the magic
power she had been suppressing. Thereupon, the emotions I could feel with my
Sympathy Magic... were affection so heavy that I thought it would crush me. A-As
expected, it really was a feeling of affection... Rather than hating, she held a
surprising amount of affection towards me.

...Her eyes were still glaring at me but... arehh? What is this? I don’t know
what’s happening anymore. When I realized that Zwei-san had affectionate
feelings for me, it had also contradicted everything I’ve been thinking. I had
thought that Zwei-san had come along to keep an eye on us and make sure that me,
someone whose origin is unknown, wouldn’t mess with her family... That
hypothesis fell apart when I learned about Zwei-san’s current emotions.

[...Ummm, errr, Zwei-san.]

[Yes?]

[...Why did you decide to come with us?]

When I boldly asked her this, Zwei-san looked left and right for a bit, before
turning her gaze towards where Raz-san and the others were. Raz-san, Acht and
Eva are a few distance away from us, while Ein-san is also some distance away as
well, seemingly warning the War King and Phantasmal King subordinates who were
quarreling with each other. After confirming that Raz-san and the others were
far away, Zwei-san whispered.

[...It might be impertinent of me, but since Miyama-sama didn’t seem to be
looking well... I thought of accompanying you so that I could be there to
support you when you needed it.]

[...]

Errr, does that mean that because I was scared of Zwei-san, my face turning pale
and breaking out in a cold sweat, Zwei-san assumed that I wasn’t feeling well
and the situation became like this? And then, since I would be going around the
festival with Raz-san and the others, she didn’t want my health to deteriorate,
so she went out of her way to accompany us so that she could help me right
away... Errr, that means, what Zwei-san’s “concern” was my health...

What should I do, she only has good intentions in her mind... Just thinking
about the frightening thoughts I had in my mind, like how she may be thinking of
getting rid of me, I’m feeling extremely guilty now, you know?!

[...Miyama-sama? Are you alright? You really look pale. I’ll talk to Razelia and
the others, so why don’t you get some rest?]

[...]

Her eyes are still glaring at me. But the words that come out of her mouth and
the emotion I could feel from here are just pure concern for me.

[...Ummm... errr... Zwei-san.]

[Yes?]

[I’m sorry!]

[...Huh?]

Feeling overwhelmed with guilt, I loudly apologized and bowed my head. But to
Zwei-san, my actions were completely unexpected, as she dumbfoundedly tilted her
head. Thereupon, I confessed everything to Zwei-san. About how I misunderstood
Zwei-san as a scary person, about how I thought she hated me, and that I had
suspected that she was following us because she wanted to get rid of me... I
decided to tell her everything. It took me some time to finish telling her
everything, I timidly looked at Zwei-san’s face. I knew that she would be angry
with me, but Zwei-san’s expression hadn’t changed. I-I wonder what this means?
Does it mean she didn’t really mind it that much? If that’s the case...

[...I see, I understa—?!]

As I was thinking like that, Zwei-san “fell on her knees”?!

[Z-Zwei-san?! A-Are you alright?]

[Zwei! Keep yourself together!]

At the same time that I flusteredly called out to the collapsed Zwei-san,
Ein-san, who sensed the abnormal situation, held Zwei-san’s shoulders and
supported her. Zwei-san’s expression barely changed, but her complexion was very
pale, and with her quivering voice, she looked at Ein-san.

[...E-Ein. I-I might already be no good... E-Even though I may not know it, I-I
made Kaito-sama afraid... K-Kaito-sama hates me now...]

[I don’t hate you! I don’t hate you, okay?!]

[A-Aaahhh... K-Kaito-sama... M-My apologies. That’s not it, it’s not like I was
trying to frighten Kaito-sama I was rather hoping we could get along and I
thought I was being friendly but I wasn’t being considerate enough so if you’ll
allow me to explain I wasn’t glaring at Kaito-sama I was trying to prevent my
expression from falling apart due to nervousness and resulted in my stiff
expression which I understand is an excuse but it was never my intention
either.]

[P-Please wait! I-I wasn’t able to hear what you said! I mean, I don’t even know
if you heard what I said...]

[Calm down, Zwei. You are able to talk like that because you’re a Magic Doll,
but Kaito-sama cannot hear what you say.]

I couldn’t hear more than half of Zwei-san’s words as she spoke at a high speed
without taking a breath, as if she had become a machine that didn’t know the
concept of pauses, but I could tell that she was apologizing and was explaining
herself. Apparently, Zwei-san was quite shocked that I was scared of her. I-I
should somehow cheer her up...

[Z-Zwei-san. In the first place, it was my fault for misunderstanding! I would
never hate Zwei-san! In fact, I’d like for us to get along better.]

[Huh? Eh?]

[We may not be on the same page before, but they have been resolved now. I think
we can deepen our friendship as much as possible from now on. That’s why,
Zwei-san...]

[Y-Yes!]

[Please give me another chance to get to know you better. I want to know you
better, and I want our hearts to get closer. That’s why, will you please
continue getting along with me?]

[Y-Yes... If that’s what Kaito-sama wants...]

A-Alright, I somehow managed to change her thoughts... arehh? Wait... Let’s calm
down for a moment. What did I just say again? Wait! Wait a moment, okay?!
Thinking about it again, why does it sound like I’m hitting on her? Also, since
when have I been “wrapping my hands around Zwei-san’s hand”? ...Arehh?

Dear Mom, Dad—It seems like when I’m panicking, I say the most outrageous
things. Thinking about my words again, I feel like my face began blazing up...
Ummm—Can I get a take-two?

---

The misunderstanding I had with Zwei-san has been successfully resolved... Well,
it’s not that I don’t feel like the solution that came to my mind was somewhat
problematic, but at any rate, my relationship with Zwei-san has improved. We
then went around the night festival together with Raz-san and the others, but
Zwei-san left some time later because she still had work to do. As she was
leaving, she “invited me to come and visit the city she was in charge of”, so I
plan to find some time to visit after the Six Kings Festival ends. The city that
Zwei-san manages is probably that city where Kuro’s castle is located, which I
had briefly visited before. At that time, I was too busy making the music boxes
and wasn’t able to check around the area, so I gratefully accepted her offer.

After that, I went around the night festival with Raz-san and the others for
about an hour before going back to the Central Tower, as it was getting close to
dinner time. As I walked to the Central Tower, choosing to walk through a
relatively empty road, I thought back on the things that happened today.

I met so many different people today. I know that there’s a great chance we
could see each other because we’re attending the same festival... but it was a
little surprising to see such a high encounter rate in this large venue. Of all
of them, my encounter with Zwei-san was the most shocking. She wasn’t actually
hostile to me, but I was quite confused because it wasn’t often that I was
treated in such a cold way. Thinking about it again, I’m really blessed with the
people around me...

[...Arehh?]

[Tsk... Kaito huh...]

Regarding Zwei-san’s attitude, I was mistaken about how she felt, so I
misunderstood. However, there is another person I know who treats me very
harshly. As for this person, not only was she pretty aware that she was
unwelcoming towards me, she still kept on doing it.

[...Why is it that you always click your tongue every time you see me,
Shea-san?]

[...There isn’t any special reason for it. It’s not about you. I’m a Goddess who
likes to be alone, so I don’t like people who interfere with others too much.]

Shea-san, whom I met by chance on the deserted street, replied with the usual
displeased expression on her face. Well, as for Shea-san, it’s not that she
hates me or anything like that. It’s just that this is her default response to
anyone...

[So, Shea-san... is a loner?]

[I don’t know what that word means, but what I know is that you’re making fun of
me... You must be asking for a beating.]

[I-I’m sorry. However, what a coincidence it is to meet you here.]

[...You’re right.]

Well, at least, she calls me by name and properly responds when I talk to her,
so I’d like to think that it’s not like she hates me or anything like that.
Well, she did tell me she hated me when we first met though... As I was thinking
about this, I suddenly remembered something. Come to think of it, I was thinking
of thanking Shea-san for her help with Dr. Vier. I hadn’t had a chance to meet
her very often, so in a way, it was good timing for me to meet her tonight.

[Speaking of which, Shea-san. I’m sorry that it took me a while to express my
gratitude, but thank you for lending me your help before.]

[Hmph... It’s nothing special. It’s just that you looked so pathetic, so I lent
you a helping hand on a whim.]

[Even so, you have been a great help. Please accept this as a token of my
appreciation.]

[...Unnn? What’s this?]

She looked away and spoke badly again, but I just wryly smiled and took out the
extremely spicy vegetable... thing that I received from Shiro-san. For Shea-san,
who has a penchant for spicy food... I think this was the best thank you I could
give her, but I wonder what she thinks about this?

According to Shiro-san, this vegetable is so spicy that if I eat it even with
her blessing, I will lose my sense of taste for a few days, while if a normal
person eats it, they will die. Shea-san looked at the vegetable I took out and
received it with an incredulous look on her face. Incidentally, this vegetable
has no smell at all, and even if one touches it, it won’t affect your skin.
After looking at the vegetable and my face several times, Shea-san took a bite
out of the vegetable... and her eyes opened wide.

[W-What the heck is this?! T-This is amazing... I’ve never eaten something this
delicious before!]

[...]

I repeat, it is something that would supposedly kill you if eaten by normal
people.

[This unprecedented spiciness, but it isn’t irritatingly pungent and has an
elegant taste to it... This is the supreme. This is the one I’ve always been
looking for...]

[Errr... Yes.]

[Kaito! Where in the world did you get this? Please tell me!]

[Ahh, errr, this is...]

Receiving Shea-san’s aggressive questioning, I explained that this vegetable was
created by Shiro-san and that it would grow in three days once the seeds were
planted. She was astonished to learn that Shiro-san had created these
vegetables, but by the time she received the seeds, she had a rare look of
happiness on her face.

[...I guess it’s to be expected for Shallow Vernal-sama to easily mass-produce
this flavor... This is extremely wonderful.]

[I’m glad you like it.]

[Ahh, my bad, Kaito, I appreciate it. Your value in my eyes increased because of
this.]

[I-I see...]

[Be confident, Kaito. You are an “intelligent life form”. I can vouch for that.]

[I’ve never been unsure about such a thing, you know?!]

Or rather, for her to finally recognize me as an intelligent life form... How
low was my value in her eyes before...

After thanking Shea-san for her help in the past and handing her the spicy
vegetable seeds that Shiro-san had created, I finally made it to the Central
Tower. Well, even so... I’ve really thought about this a lot, but I’ve met a lot
of people today huh...

Chris-san, Eden-san, Fors-san, Laguna-san, Magnawell-san, Zwei-san, Raz-san,
Acht, Eva, Ein-san, and Shea-san... I think that’s all the people I’ve talked
to. If I were to count Lilia-san and the others, I had encountered 14 people in
total. No, well, I know that it’s not absolutely impossible since we’re all
participating in the same festival, but considering the odds of running into
someone by accident in this incredibly large venue, I’d say that I had quite a
huge encounter rate. Well, I’m almost at the Central Tower, so I don’t think
I’ll be encountering anyone anymore...

[...Oi, pervert. I’ve told you many times not to show up in front of me. You
want to die?]

[Dang, just looking at you makes me sweltering... You lowly muscleheads still
lack intelligence as ever... If you get out of my sight now, I might consider
letting you go, you know?]

[...]

...is what I thought, but I found someone here. Those two were staring at each
other in the middle of the Central Plaza... Ahh, I guess they’re the reason why
there’s no one in this place at all... I guess that’s obvious, isn’t it? On one
hand was the head of War King’s Five Generals, while on the other was the
strongest Count-rank Demon... The two of them, who don’t seem like they get
along with each other, were exchanging words while their bloodthirst was
scattering around the place.

[...Hey, Alice. Putting aside whether it was just my imagination... Do Agni-san
and Pandora-san not get along?]

[Yeah, frankly, their relationship was the worst... I mean, the reason why
Megiddo-san’s subordinates and my subordinates don’t get along is because those
two have a very bad relationship.]

It seems that Agni-san and Pandora-san really don’t get along. They aren’t
rivals like Ein-san and Chronois-san, who recognize each other’s strengths, but
rather they seem to treat the other person as an enemy. Well, considering their
personalities, they certainly don’t seem like the types of people who would mesh
well with each other...

[I only came to apologize to Miyama-sama for the trouble my subordinate caused,
and I have no use for you. I’ll let you off the hook for today. Now, get out of
my sight.]

[Ahh, thank goodness. I was on guard to make sure that you ill-mannered vermins
didn’t get near Miyama-sama... and I’m glad that I came here. For a particularly
nasty rat to try to get close to Miyama-sama... That’s the extremity of
rudeness.]

[From what I see, having a pervert loitering around him is much more rude than
that.]

[Haahhh... It seems that not only are you a musclehead, you’re also blind... I’m
a pervert? Hahaha, you’re making me laugh. All I wanted was for Miyama-sama to
“bind my body with rough ropes and chains”, and “release his carnal lust on me
to the point of exhaustion”!!!]

[No matter how you look at it, those are the words of a pervert!!!]

I totally agree with Agni-san. Or rather... What kind of absurdities are you
thinking about, Pandora-san?! This woman’s no good... I need to do something...

[...Alice, she’s your subordinate. Do something.]

[...No, I’ve already given up when it comes to her fetishes... and it’s already
out of my jurisdiction.]

As it seems like Pandora-san’s desires had become too much for Alice, the two
people’s argument escalated.

[...That’s funny coming from a gorilla who’s wooing a withering man, don’t you
think? Ah, pardon me. You were rejected, didn’t you...]

[Oi, perverted woman, putting aside if you’re insulting me, insulting Ozma-sama
isn’t something I will tolerate... I’m going to kill you!]

[You? Kill me? Fufufu, don’t say something you can’t even do... You’re just
making yourself look hilarious.]

[ [ ... ] ]

Oh no, it feels like a serious battle is going to start.

[Alice, this looks dangerous... Stop them.]

[Haahhh... That child really is troubling... Good grief. Well then, I’ll go
sto—p them, but I guess I don’t need to do that huh.]

[Ehh?]

[A mediator has come.]

It happened almost at the same time that Alice said those words, and Agni-san
and Pandora-san sent their fists at each other. Strikes from two people with
overwhelming people... if handled poorly, their strikes would have blown up the
Central Plaza, but that didn’t happen. Before I knew it, Ozma-san had appeared
between Agni-san and Pandora-san, and easily caught the fists that the two had
released.

[...Uncle likes lively girls, but I think you should choose the right time and
place. Fighting in the venue of the Six Kings Festival is forbidden, okay?]

[O-Ozma-sama?!]

[Tsk.]

Seeing Ozma-san, who told such things with a gentle chuckle, Agni-san’s eyes lit
up and Pandora-san clicked her tongue. Then, after making sure that both of them
hand lowered their fists, Ozma-san spoke up while holding a cigarette in his
mouth.

[I’m not saying that you get along even when you obviously don’t, but you should
be considerate to the people around you, you know?]

[Yes!]

[Why should I listen from dogs like you—]

[Pandora, House.]

[—Eh? S-Shalltear-sama?! Wait, where are you taking me? A-Are you going to spank
me?!]

[...Why the heck are you getting excited about getting a spanking... Haahhh...
Anyway, you’re getting a sermon over here.]

[Thank you!]

[...Hahh.]

With Ozma-san’s appearance, Agni-san’s will to fight disappeared, while
Pandora-san was dragged away by Alice’s sighing clone. Unnn, what a chaotic
situation this is. Anyway, I thought this would be the end... but that doesn’t
seem to be the case.

[Ozma-sama!]

[Unnn?]

[I love you so much! Please marry me!!!]

[...]

Agni-san suddenly started proposing to Ozma-san?! Wait a moment?! I can’t keep
up with the rapid development! I mean, why the heck are you proposing in this
place...

[...I don’t know how many times I’ve told you this, but Uncle is more
comfortable being single... I’m sorry.]

[I understand! Well then, I will confess again “tomorrow”!]

[...Unnn, whether it’s Agni-chan and Epsilon-chan, you don’t understand
anything, do you? You do know that we’re making the same exchange almost
everyday, right? I really can’t understand the taste of you youngsters... What
in the world is good about this old Uncle...]

[Everything!]

[...U-Unnn. I see, thanks...]

I guess you could say it was a rare sight in a way, but it was the first time I
saw Ozma-sam with a seriously troubled expression on his face.

The tense situation between Agni-san and Pandora-san was settled with the
arrival of Ozma-san. Pandora-san was brought away by Alice’s clone, and Agni-san
was persuaded to leave by Ozma-san. After sending Agni-san home, Ozma-san
lightly bowed to me, scratching his head with a wry smile on his face.

[Well, I’m sorry about that, Miyama-kun. Agni-chan is a good girl, but she tends
to get a little hotheaded... Are you hurt?]

[I’m alright.]

[I’m glad to hear that. Uncle will properly tell off Agni-chan, so I hope you
can continue to be good friends with her.]

[Yes!]

Hmmm, this calm response... Ozma-san really is a cool, mature man. The
atmosphere around him makes me feel at ease, as if he’s exuding the warmth of
the neighborhood Uncle, and as a fellow man, I admire him quite a bit. I wish I
could become a calm adult like him.

[Speaking of which, why is Ozma-san here?]

[Ahh, I’m actually waiting for Miyama-kun on the first floor of the Central
Tower... I felt Agni-chan and Pandora-chan’s magic power though, so I thought
they might be fighting again.]

[You wanted to see me?]

[Unnn, well, to be precise, rather than Miyama-kun, I guess it’s better to say
that I’m looking for Phantasmal King-sama?]

[You’re looking for Alice?]

Apparently, Ozma-san came to visit Alice for something. If he came all the way
to find me so that he could find Alice herself, did something troublesome
happen? I met Ozma-san on the first day of the Six Kings Festival, and it hasn’t
been long since we last met, but he had given me advice and looked out for me,
so I want to help him if it’s possible.

[...Actually, the child of Uncle’s acquaintance wants to participate in the Six
Kings Festival. If possible, I’d like to prepare an invitation for her, but I
would have to add her to the list of invited guests to achieve that, so I came
to ask for permission.]

[Fumu... Is it not possible for Ozma-san to sign this person up as your
companion?]

[Ah\~\~ Errr, come to think of it, I didn’t tell you that. I’m more of an
organizer than a participant, so I don’t have an invitation.]

[I see... Alice.]

Ozma-san told me with an apologetic expression, but it didn’t seem like an
unreasonable request. No, of course it might be more work for Alice, who would
be managing the participants, but at worst, she could sign Ozma-san’s
acquaintance as my companion, so I decided to ask Alice for help. When I called
out to her, she immediately appeared and took out an iron-ranked invitation from
nowhere.

[Yes, yes, I understand, yes.]

[I’m sorry for the trouble, Phantasmal King-sama. Errr, her name is...]

[You talking about “that dwarf living in the Archlesia Empire, Flamea-san”. Yes,
here’s the invitation.]

[...Hahaha, well, as expected of Phantasmal King-sama. Thank you very much.]

Alice has the invitations ready before Ozma-san can even speak the name of the
person he’s talking about. Her information-gathering ability is as monstrous as
always... Seriously, as expected of her.

[If you want to thank me, you should go thank Kaito-san instead. To be honest,
if you hadn’t requested that through Kaito-san, I would have refused because it
would be troublesome.]

[I see... Miyama-kun, I’m really grateful. Thanks.]

[N-No.]

[I know it wouldn’t be enough to thank you, but won’t you have this?]

[...This is?]

After thanking me with a kind expression on his face, Ozma-san took out a
slightly large paper bag from nowhere and held it out to me. Receiving the paper
bag, I tilted my head and looked at Ozma-san who was lighting the cigarette held
in his mouth.

[...That’s the coffee Uncle likes. You just add hot water to it and it’s ready
to drink. I’ve prepared a little extra for you, so you can have it with your
friends.]

[Thank you! I’m sorry that you had to go out of your way though.]

[No, no, it was Uncle who suddenly made the request. Really, thank you... If
you’re okay with it, let’s go out for a drink sometime, Miyama-kun. Of course,
it would be Uncle’s treat.]

[Ahh, yes! I’ll take you up on your offer then.]

Hmmm, I think that Ozma-san, who can say thank you without hesitation, is a
really cool adult. Maybe it’s because he seems like a dependable adult, but even
the way he invites people looks so cool. Perhaps, the reason why he didn’t take
out the coffee first was because he didn’t want it to be like an exchange
condition?

[Later then, Miyama-kun. I’m sure you have lots of things to deal with, but
enjoy the rest of the Six Kings Festival, okay?]

[Yes!]

[Unnn, see you later.]

With a gentle smile on her face, Ozma-san lightly patted my head before waving
one hand as he left. The way he left looked so very picturesque, and even the
way his trench coat fluttered in the wind looked super cool.

...Should I buy a trench coat for myself?

[...No, I don’t think a trench coat would look very good on you, Kaito-san.]

[...I also feel like that was the case.]

I really admire Ozma-san, not simply because of his good looks, but because of
his cool words and gestures. To be honest, I don’t see myself becoming like him
at all, but if it were possible, someday, just like him— I want to grow to
become someone cool.

[^borealis]:
    Aurora Borealis is “Βόρειο Σέλας” in greek, which is pronounced as vóreio
    sélas.

[^selas]: Aurora in Latin, means dawn, not the name Selas.
