---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 1: A Festival Stroll with the Hero and the Demon Lord

With the words “Come visit me at my laboratory next time”, Fors-san left with
Laguna-san, and after seeing her off, the three of us and my two pets set out
once again for the third day of the Six Kings Festival.

[My presence was a bit thin earlier, wasn’t it? Well, I guess it’s inevitable
that my presence would be a bit thin within that group, especially given my
previous standpoint.]

[Errr, yes. Putting that aside, Dr. Vier?]

[Unnn?]

[Why are you holding my arm...]

Dr. Vier, who was walking next to me, was clinging to my arm as if it was the
most normal thing in the world. It’s that so-called linking arms... the problem
is that I can’t compose myself, especially with the very ample bulges pressed
against my arm.

[It’s a date after all. This is what you do on a date, right?]

[I-Is it... really how it is?]

[That’s right! Well, putting our distance aside... Why are you walking away from
us, Neun?]

As Dr. Vier said, Neun-san is walking a few distance... around three steps
behind us. That certainly shows the modesty of a yamato nadeshiko, but it wasn’t
very appropriate considering that we’re currently at a festival. What I mean is
that I’m worried that we might get separated.

[Aren’t women supposed to walk three steps behind a gentleman?]

[...That’s the first time I’ve heard that. I can understand if it’s a servant
saying that for her master but...]

[Errr, I guess there was such a custom(?) like that in the world Neun-san and I
were in before.]

[Heehhh\~\~]

For someone like me who lived most of my life in Japan, I feel like Neun-san’s
actions were old-fashioned, but I don’t feel like such actions feel out of
place. However, Dr. Vier found Neun-san’s actions strange, tilting her head in
wonder. Chuckling upon seeing Dr. Vier’s reaction, I turned around to call out
to Neun-san.

[But Neun-san. We might get separated, and since Bell is with us...]

With Neun-san walking three steps behind us, it makes it difficult for the
large-bodied Bell to walk behind me.

[I-I see... Come to think of it, that’s certainly the case... W-Well then,
please excuse me.]

Hearing my words, Neun-san looked at Bell who was walking while always glancing
behind her. She then nodded her head in understanding and started walking next
to us. Even with her newly-colored pink hair, Neun-san still looks like a yamato
nadeshiko, and even the way she walks seems to have a certain elegance to it.

[...Neun? You’re blushing like crazy, you know?]

[...T-This is the first time I’ve walked alongside a gentleman... and walking
l-like this makes me feel like we’re l-l-lovers...]

[H-Hmmm?]

Neun-san, who was walking on the opposite of the arm that Dr. Vier was clinging
on, was walking with her blushing face looking downwards, probably because she
was feeling embarrassed. I don’t know if I just feel like each of her gestures
was cute or not, but seeing her react like that makes me feel embarrassed too.
However, hmmm. The situation I’m in now is certainly something that a man would
envy. On one hand walks a ladylike beautiful swordswoman, while on the other is
a cheerful beautiful doctor... a situation that those winners in life would be
in, and if it was the usual me, this would have been something I would be
nervous about. However, I’m rather calm right now.

The main reason for that is Neun-san.

[Neun-san, your dress looks very beautiful and looks great on you.]

[Yeasshh?! Eh? T-Tha-Thank you. K-K-K-Kaito-san also looks c-c-c-charming...]

When humans see someone more nervous than they are, they become calmer. Even
though the day had just started, seeing her panicking this much... It certainly
is very much like Neun-san.

[Miyama-kun, what about me? What about me?]

[Eh? Dr. Vier is wearing your usual nun habit though?]

[Unnn... I’ve actually been only wearing clothing like this, so I don’t have any
other clothes other than nun habits. I wasn’t really planning to participate in
the beginning, so I didn’t have the time to buy new clothes.]

[I see... But I think your usual clothes look great on you though. I guess I
could say that it’s like Dr. Vier to wear clothes like that? Anyway, I had such
an impression from you, and I think you look good.]

[Really? In that case, I’m relieved. Thanks.]

In contrast to Neun-san, Dr. Vier didn’t seem to be embarrassed by my
compliment, and looked very happy instead. In the first place, for Dr. Vier, who
hadn’t even participated in the Festival of Heroes, being in a festival seemed
to be a very fresh experience, as she had been curiously looking around since a
while ago. Thereupon, Neun-san looked at Dr. Vier, and as if she suddenly
thought of something, she spoke.

[...I know that Vier really isn’t a nun, but wouldn’t it be a problem if you go
on a date wearing that? Nuns are apparently called the brides of God after
all...]

[...Bride? No, I mean, all Gods are women, right?]

[...That’s right. Hmmm, even after a thousand years, I still couldn’t stop
thinking based on my previous world’s common sense huh.]

It’s true that nuns had this image that they’re strictly forbidden to fall in
love. It’s probably different depending on what religion you are in, but they
still had this kind of vague image. Though I say that, it seems like it isn’t
the case for this world at all. After all, Gods are real in this world, and all
of them are women... This is one of the things that makes me realize how
different this world is. Well, to begin with, the head of the Gods is Shiro-san,
and she’s someone who wouldn’t be interested in a nun’s love life at all.

(...Did you compliment me just now?)

...It’s kind of hard to say whether it’s a compliment or not. I guess you could
say that it was a compliment in some ways.

(You can compliment me more if you want. Being complimented makes me feel
happy.)

...I’ll think about it. I guess it really is a different world huh, as small
differences in common sense could be found everywhere. Religion would probably
be the most obvious difference in particular. But come to think of it... The God
of our world was Eden-san, right? H-Hmmm—Ignorance sure is a bliss.

The third day of the Six King Festival was hosted by the Dragon King Magnawell.
The theme of the festival seemed to be “Interacting with Monsters”. Listening to
just this alone gives the impression that the festival would be like a zoo, the
city filled with different kinds of monsters, but in fact, there were many
stalls that could be found in a normal festival. However, there were many
Monster factors in them, such as slime-shaped drink containers or dragon masks
for sale.

[Ahh, Miyama-kun. They have grilled wyvern meat skewers over there.]

[I bought some earlier... Is wyvern meat actually a famous ingredient?]

[Wyverns are weak monsters, but there are many of them. That’s why they’re very
popular as food.]

[She’s right. Simply speaking, Red Dragons and Black Dragons may be better in
terms of taste, but Wyverns are easy to hunt.]

Dr. Vier answered my question with a bright smile, to which Neun-san agreed.
This is the opinion of the former Hero and the former Demon Lord though.
However, the Red Bear Sandwich stall lady, who was a civilian, told me that
Wyverns are very dangerous monsters.

[However, it’s a bit surprising. I thought that since it was a monster-oriented
festival, there would be lots of humongous monsters around.]

[Miyama-kun, not all monsters are as big as Bell-chan, you know?]

[I see... Speaking of which, I know it’s a bit late to ask this but... What’s
the difference between those who were called Monsters and those who were called
Demons?]

[Simply put, it’s about magic power and knowledge. Monsters that have a certain
level of magic and wisdom are classified as Demons because they don’t just
indiscriminately attack people. Well, I heard that there are some detailed
criteria regarding this, but I don’t know that much about them, since the people
making such judgments are under Magnawell-sama’s command.]

In other words, if they have the knowledge to act rationally and hold some
extent of power, they’re considered as a Demon huh...

[Well, I don’t think we need to think too much about it though. If
Magnawell-sama considers them as Monster, then Monster it is then.]

[I see...]

[Even so... The atmosphere of festivals has changed after a long time passed
huh... It feels kind of refreshing.]

It seems like Dr. Vier hasn’t participated in many festivals and was looking at
the stalls here and there with great interest.

[Vier hadn’t even participated in the Festival of Heroes for a long time after
all. In the past thousand year, a lot of things have been handed down from the
world Kaito-san and I were in and made this world change.]

She was especially excited about the takoyaki and other food stalls that have
been handed down from our world. She looked more childish than usual, which made
her look kind of cute. Fortunately, I could teach her a lot of things that have
been handed down from the world I was in, and I hope that Dr. Vier enjoys the
festival. As we walked along thinking about this, I heard a loud cheer a little
further away.

[...Ahh, even I know what that is. That’s “RINGTOSS”, right?!]

[...Ring toss? Was ring toss really something that can bring out such
excitement?]

I tilt my head at Dr. Vier’s words. Of course, I know what ring toss is, but it
shouldn’t be something that gets a lot of cheers. Moreover, the place where Dr.
Vier directed her gaze was a large stadium-like area, and it was hard to believe
that that was ring toss.

[...Kaito-san, I know what you’re probably thinking. It took me a while to get
used to it too. I’ll say this now, but the ring toss that Kaito-san is thinking
about and the RINGTOSS that Vier is talking about aren’t the same. More
accurately, I suppose I should say that our world’s ring toss “has been handed
down in a misinterpreted form”...]

[Not the same? Misinterpretedly handed down... The way you phrased it sounds
rather unsettling.]

[What’s going on over there is the “Super-Exciting Battle Sport” RINGTOSS.]

[...Huh?]

Please wait a moment. My brain couldn’t quite follow what was going on. Leaving
aside whether ring toss is strictly a sport or not, where’s the battle part in
ring toss? Is this about that? Are the players competing for points or
something?

[RINGTOSS is a sport where each player has 15 rings, and the objective is to
score points by passing the rings through the opponent’s goalposts, poles
installed for this purpose, where they attack and defend using their rings. The
act of passing rings through the poles is the same as our world’s ring toss, so
I guess it’s also appropriate to describe it as an improved version of it in a
competitive format.]

[...]

[However, as the Battle Sport suggests, it’s quite a dangerous sport.
“Unleashing shockwaves” from the rings is just part of the basics. There are
advanced techniques as well, such as “disturbing the opponent with afterimages”
and “cloning the thrown rings”.]

[...That’s totally different from the ring toss I know...]

[I understand how you feel. I felt the same way when I first learned about it...
Sadly, I’ve also grown accustomed to it after a millennium...]

U-Unnn. I understand... No, I may not understand it completely, but I understand
that the ring toss in this world is different from the one I know. And so, this
unknown sport RINGTOSS is being played in that venue... I’m a bit scared, but
I’d like to see it.

[They may be holding a Six Kings Festival Tournament over there. Rather than
explaining it verbally, it might be better to see it in person. RINGTOSS was
quite an intense game, so watching it can be quite enjoyable, you know?]

[I-I understand. Let’s go.]

At any rate, seeing is believing, so I nodded to Neun-san’s suggestion and
decided to move on. As the cheers led us to the place where the RINGTOSS was
being held, I heard what seemed to be a live commentary being broadcast using
Loudspeaker Magic on the way.

“Now then, let’s introduce our competitors. First, from the red corner! &lt;The
World Rank-16 A-Class Quoits Elite&gt;, a master of RINGTOSS’ famous
&lt;Kagura&gt; technique! Will she be able to win with her signature &lt;Gun
&amp; Stay strategy&gt;?!”

Oooiiii, just when I thought I’d finally stop getting confused about the words I
know, I heard another set of unfamiliar words?! A-Class Quoits Elite?! World
Rank?! Seriously, what the heck is RINGTOSS... It’s kind of scaring me now...
Even though we haven’t moved to a position where we can see the game well yet,
I’ve already had my fill with the live commentary.

“And then, and then... From the blue corner, she finally makes her entrance!
&lt;World Rank-1&gt;! She who stands at the top of all the Quoits Elites!
&lt;Mysterious Transcendental Beauty Quoits Elite&gt; Nightmaaaaaaareeeeee!!!”

[...]

...That’s Alice. I’m pretty sure that’s Alice... You’re the world’s rank 1?! In
a competition I knew nothing about, someone I definitely knew turned out to be
the champion... How am I supposed to deal with these inexplicable feelings?

[T-This is amazing, Vier! They’re having a match with the Undefeated Champion,
Nightmare today!]

[We’re so lucky! She rarely shows up outside of official matches...]

[...]

And then, my two companions began getting really excited. I don’t know what’s
going on, but I feel like I’m the only sober person in a crowd of drunkards...
My head hurts.

“Whoa there, could this be?! Nightmare is pointing at the sky! There it is! It’s
her preliminary announcement: &lt;Shooting Star&gt;!!! The audience are getting
very excited!”

[...]

[T-The legendary special move... Shooting Star... A-Are we going to witness it?]

[Don’t worry, Vier! Whenever Nightmare announces Shooting Star, it’s almost
always the Shooting Star that wins the game!]

I’m no longer surprised by the unfamiliar words. With cold eyes, I just quietly
waited for time to pass.

---

The RINGTOSS was just as bad as what I heard. The World Rank-1... Alice threw 10
out of her 15 rings into the air as soon as the match started, to which
Rank-16... whose name was so long that I couldn’t remember, tried to block her
attacks with 5 of her rings. However, with a time delay, the rings literally
fell like shooting stars, slipping through Rank-16’s defense and scoring a lot
of points. To be honest, I wouldn’t have known what was going on if it wasn’t
for the live commentary. From what I saw, the rings that were thrown upwards
were falling down in a zigzagging motion, and when the other person tried
defending with her rings, I heard something that sounded like an explosion... It
totally looked like I’m watching some kind of martial arts movie.

[Well\~\~ That was a great match, wasn’t it? As expected of Nightmare.]

[Yes, when Nightmare announces her Shooting Star, she defeats anyone other than
Rank-2 “Baby Castella Mask”.]

[Yeah, that was a great match they had that day! I thought Nightmare was finally
going to lose for the first time, but then, she had turned the tables!]

[...]

That’s weird. For some reason, I kinda feel like I know who that Rank-2 person
is. Isn’t that Kuro? Hey, that’s Kuro, right?

[I really like Baby Castella Mask. I can’t really see her face because of her
mask, but I think she probably pays her respects to Kuromu-sama with her outfit.
That’s why I’ve always been rooting for her, but she doesn’t participate in many
official games.]

[I’m sure she’s powerful, so she may possess a social standing that makes her
considerably busy. Still, she’s undefeated against everyone except Nightmare,
which rightfully makes her World Rank-2.]

[Since the beginning of this year though, for some reason, they haven’t
participated in the “Night Games” anymore. I can only watch Night Games since it
was held after clinic hours are over, so I haven’t been able to see if she had
any matches lately.]

[Maybe she’s got a family now or something, that’s why they’re spending the
night with them.]

[...]

...She’s Kuro, right? She’s definitely Kuro, right? The only reason she hadn’t
joined those Night Games is because she’s been visiting my room every night,
right? World Rank-1 is Alice and World Rank-2 is Kuro? This World Rank... I have
a feeling that I would know who the other people in it are.

[...I am rooting for World Rank-5 “Royal Runaway Mermaid”. It looks like she’s
hiding her face, but it seems like she’s close with the mermaids, so I rather
like her.]

[Ahh\~\~ That Quoits Elite is also good. She puts up a great, solid fight. But
sometimes, knight-looking people suddenly appear and drag her away, making her
lose by default, right?]

[From her name, she’s most probably working for the royal palace, so she must
have been in trouble.]

[...]

I think I also have an idea who that person is... That’s Laguna-san, right?
Aren’t those knights coming out and making her lose by default because she
skipped out on a meeting or something again, right? Or rather, since Laguna-san,
who is known as the strongest person in the Human Realm, is in fifth place, I
think there’s a high probability that the people higher-ranked than her are
people I know. I’m sure that Megiddo-san is one of them, since I’m sure that the
battle-loving Megiddo wouldn’t miss out on the opportunity to participate in a
competition... My head hurts.

[Ahh, I’m sorry, Miyama-kun. We got excited about a topic that was difficult for
Miyama-kun to understand.]

[Ah, no...]

[My apologies. I also got unintentionally excited. Let’s leave the RINGTOSS
discussion here and move on to the next place.]

[...Yes.]

Seeing the complicated expression on my face, Dr. Vier and Neun-san seemed to be
worried that I couldn’t keep up with the RINGTOSS topic, and suggested that we
go to the next place. Well, I certainly wasn’t able to keep up with them in many
ways, so I nodded gratefully and left the venue, which was still filled with
excitement. Yeah, the match itself was quite intense but... unnn, I somehow feel
strangely tired.

---

[Even so, there really are many people with monsters in tow. It’s amazing to see
so many of them today.]

[Come to think of it, aren’t monsters expensive?]

As I walked along the two ladies, looking at the stalls, we saw people with all
kinds of monsters. Of course, there are also people with normal animals as well,
so not all of them had monsters with them but...

[Unnn. That’s why, one would have to be reasonably wealthy to have one. Well, I
guess there are a lot of rich people who are invited to the Six Kings Festival.]

[...I see. However, I haven’t seen many monsters before, so this feels pretty
new to me. Even just looking at them feels fun.]

[Right\~\~ Oh, it’s a wild cat. It’s so cute\~\~]

As we walked along, exchanging small talk, a person with a cat about 2 meters in
size passed by in front of us. It seemed to be a monster called Wild Cat... It
really is cute and has fluffy fur. Well, Bell is a few hundred times cuter
though! Thereupon, Dr. Vier tried to reach out her hand... but the Wild Cat
moved with frightening speed and hid behind its owner, trembling.

[...She doesn’t have to be that scared...]

[Vier’s magic power is enormous after all. Weak monsters are especially
sensitive to magic power.]

[...It’s not like I’m going to eat her... Haahhh...]

Seeing the Wild Cat frightened, Dr. Vier’s shoulders slumped and continued
walking. Chuckling at her adorable reaction, I followed her. Then, just as I
passed the person with the Wild Cat, the Wild Cat glanced at me...

[Nyan.]

...and snorted. The cat just seriously snorted.

I was shocked in a different way than Dr. Vier. Maybe it was because my magic
power was low.

[Gurururururu.]

As I was about to shrug my shoulders at its reaction, I heard an angry snarl
from behind me. When I timidly looked behind me, I saw Bell threatening the Wild
Cat, buzzing electricity generating in her jet-black horns. On one hand is the
Wild Cat that got frightened just at the mere sight of Dr. Vier, and on the
other hand is Bell, a being known as a legendary magical beast. The glaring Wild
Cat clearly started shaking.

[...B-Bell, calm down, don’t threaten the cat.]

[...Gao.]

[Okay, okay, you’re mad for my sake, right? Thanks.]

[Kuuun.]

Looking at the Wild Cat, who looked like a frog that was being stared at by a
snake, I calmed Bell down. Then, I said a few words of apology to the Wild Cat’s
owner, and followed Dr. Vier and Neun-san.

Although there was some minor trouble, the three of us smoothly made our way
around the festival. The next place we arrived was surprisingly vast... it
seemed to be a ranch.

The grass was lush and green, and we could see small hills and flower tunnels.

[...This feels like we’re on the outskirts rather than within a city.]

[Yes, it does. This place’s beautiful, isn’t it\~\~?]

[According to the guidebook, this is a place where you can ride monsters. They
have rentals available and you can even ride your own pet for a run!]

While listening to the conversation between Dr. Vier and Neun-san, I checked the
summarized details of this place in Alice’s guidebook. I guess you could say
that this place is something like those attractions where you can experience
horseback riding? Looking at the map showing this place in the guidebook, this
grassland should be quite spacious, and Bell might be able to run as fast as she
wanted here.

[Since we’re here, why don’t we play around here for a bit? I haven’t been able
to take Bell for a walk in a few days, so I think Bell would like to run around
for a while, right?]

[Gao!]

Bell has this cute side that likes to run around with me on her back, which
recently made me change her walking route to outside the city. I was making sure
not to casually go outside the city because dangerous monsters might be lurking
around, but that isn’t any problem now with the cheat-level guard Alice. Well,
though I said that... Not many monsters seem to be going out of their way to
approach human cities, and I have yet to encounter one during our strolls.

But I digress. Anyway, I wanted to let Bell run, so I suggested to the two of
them that we play around here. Thereupon, Neun-san immediately nodded, but Dr.
Vier brought her hand and looked downwards, looking as if she was thinking about
something.

[...This is my chance, isn’t it... If I could get the conversation going...]

[Dr. Vier?]

[Ah, sorry, sorry. That’s right. That sounds like fun, so let’s go play!]

For a moment, I kinda felt like she was planning something, but it quickly
disappeared as Dr. Vier agreed with a smile.

[By the way, Miyama-kun. If you don’t mind, I’d like to ride on Bell-chan
too\~\~]

[On Bell? Hmmm.]

Considering Bell’s size, I don’t think it would be a problem for her to carry
three people. However, if she carries three people, as expected, even Bell would
have difficulty balancing and probably wouldn’t be able to run fast enough,
right? No? I wonder if she can do it? Hmmm, I haven’t ridden with multiple
people before, so I don’t really know. I’ve ridden with Sieg-san before, so I’m
pretty sure Bell could carry two people...

[Ahh, of course I won’t ask the three of us to ride together at the same time.
Having the three of us ride Bell-chan at the same time would burden her too
much. It’s just that I don’t know if Bell would listen to me or Neun so... I
think Miyama-kun, her master, should be on board while we ride.]

[...Fumu.]

[That’s why, can Neun and I take turns riding together with you?]

[...I see, that certainly sounds like a good idea. Are you fine with that too,
Bell?]

[Gao!]

There don’t seem to be any particular problems with Dr. Vier’s suggestion, and
Bell also agreed to it. In that case, one of them would have to wait here while
they take turns going around this place.

[...Arehh? Before I knew it, I would also ride together with Kaito-san? We would
end up getting too close to each other if we ride together...]

[Neun-san?]

[Ahh, n-no! It’s nothing! I’m fine with having my turn next, so Vier can ride
first.]

[Ah, yes. I understand.]

Neun-san seemed to be muttering something, so I tried calling out and asking her
what she said. I couldn’t quite hear what she said, but the person herself
doesn’t seem to have any problem with it, so I guess it’s fine, right?

[Then, Dr. Vier would go first, then Neun-san would go next.]

[Yes!]

[Okay then, let’s get started!]

After hearing my words, Dr. Vierr smiled and quickly climbed onto Bell’s back.
A-As expected of the former Demon Lord... Even though I had to ask Bell so that
I could ride behind her...

Kicking off the ground with all four of her paws, Bell accelerates through the
grassland. The wind caressing my cheeks became stronger than our usual walks,
but it seemed like Bell’s controlling her speed to some extent, so the wind felt
comfortable.

[Ohh\~\~ As expected of a Behemoth. she’s pretty fast.]

[Yes, the wind feels good.]

[You’re right... Heyya!]

[Wha?!]

With the wind blowing from the front, it made it difficult to hear Dr. Vier’s
voice, who was riding behind me, but as if she was using some kind of magic, I
could hear her clearly enough. Well, putting that aside... Dr. Vier? Why are
your hands holding onto my stomach? A-Also, I’m kinda feeling soft things
touching my back, you know?!

[D-Dr. Vier?! What are you...]

[No, you see, with this speed, I might fall off after all\~\~]

[...I-Is that so...]

No, no, you’re the former Demon Lord and one of the most powerful people in the
Demon Realm, right? No matter how I look at it, there’s no way that you could
ever fall off, you know? Contrary to the panicking me, Dr. Vier seems to be
enjoying herself, pressing her body even closer against mine. Those two bulges,
which I could clearly feel even through her nun habit, were pressed against my
back, changing shape and conveying their elasticity.

However, Dr. Vier’s attack... or rather, her approach wasn’t over yet. As Dr.
Vier clung on my body, she started rubbing her forehead against my shoulder, her
body rising inch by inch, until she reached above my shoulder and blew into my
ear. I really don’t know how she did it, but even in this wind, her breath
reached into my ears, feeling her breath’s warmth and the tingling sensation it
brought.

[It’s just for a little while... but we’re finally alone huh? I’m glad.]

[ ! ? ]

Her voice whispering into my ears sounds surprisingly erotic... and so
passionate... that I thought it would melt my face off.

With Bell running at a very high speed, there was a strong wind blowing toward
me, which should have made me feel colder. But now, I could feel extreme warmth
only from my back. As if every nerve in my body was concentrated in my back... I
could feel Dr. Vier hugging my back rather clearly. Even though I couldn’t
compose myself, there was no way to escape while on top of Bell, who was happily
running around. As expected of the former Demon Lord, this is a very cunning
strategy to keep me from escaping. In the first place, just the fact that the
Demon Lord is attacking me from behind already puts me at a huge disadvantage...
No, calm down. What the heck am I thinking?

As I was feeling composed, Dr. Vier unleashed her follow-up attack on me. Her
hands that had been on my stomach gradually moved upward, as if she were
caressing the area around my abdomen. And as if to match her hand movements, Dr.
Vier lightly moves her body up and down, pressing herself against me, and
rubbing her body against my back.

[...Your back is quite big, isn’t it? It really gives me peace of mind.
Miyama-kun is a man after all.]

I wish you’d stop saying those kinds of lines that please any man right into my
ear though?! I feel like my mind is spinning out of control. From which race was
she again? I wonder if she’s actually a succubus or something like that... She’s
just too erotic. I kind of feel like I’m a young child being teased by a
seductive lady... She was making my heart beat so fast that I felt like I would
get a heart attack, so I started thinking of any way that I could divert the
conversation...

With such things in mind, I suddenly remembered something. I just realized that
Dr. Vier and I shouldn’t be the only ones riding on Bell’s back right now...
Yes, Lynn had also been hiding beneath my clothes. If I can get Lynn to join in
the conversation, I could keep some tranquility in my heart... wait, arehh?
Wasn’t Dr. Vier touching the area around my abdomen just now? Lynn was supposed
to be around that area...

[...Eh? Arehh? Where’s Lynn?]

[...Ahh, you see, it would be dangerous if she falls after all. So, I “left her
with Neun”.]

...What... did she say...? W-When did this happen?! Dr. Vier pulled out Lynn
without my notice and left her with Neun-san? T-That’s impossible... That means
Dr. Vier had seen through what I would do? W-What a frightening person she is...
At that moment, with just some thought, she predicted everything that would
happen up to this point... She had completely blocked all of my escape routes.

[...Hey, Miyama-kun. This place is quite vast, isn’t it? Bell-chan is fast, but
it would still take her a certain amount of time before she could go back to
where Neun is, right?]

[...T-T-T-That’s right.]

[You look really cute right now, Miyama-kun.]

[Whaa?!]

Eh? Wait a moment! Doesn’t it feel like Dr. Vier’s hand is slowly going
downwards? Wait! I’m begging you, please wait a moment! What the heck are you
planning to do?!

![Insert 1](../../_Images/v14/Insert1.png#.insert)

[...Hey, Miyama-kun? What do you think of me as a woman?]

[Eh? W-W-W-What do you mean...]

[...Do I make you feel aroused?]

[T-That is, errr... y-yes.]

[Fufu, I see... I’m glad... chyuu.]

[W-Wait?! Dr. Vier, w-what are you doing?!]

As I replied, feeling my heart thumping fast, I felt something slightly moist on
my neck. Eh? Did she just kiss my neck? Eh? Wait, seriously, what the heck is
she doing?!

[...Miyama-kun... “It looks like it’s in pain”...]

[W-W-W-What are you talking about?]

[Unnn? You want me to say it? No can do, it’s embarrassing after all... Don’t
you think?]

[W-Where do you think you’re touching me?! Dr. Vier!!!]

[...Don’t worry, I’ve cast a Recognition Inhibition Spell around us.]

[That’s not the point!]

[Fufufu, a flustered Miyama-kun is also very cute... While we’re at it, how
about you let Big Sister handle it—all—for—you?]

[H-Handle it?! Y-You can’t! Stop for a moment. Could you please calm
yourself...]

As her enchantingly sweet voice whispered into my ear, Dr. Vier’s hand crawled
even lower. This is bad. This situation is even worse than I ever experienced
before... If things go like this... C-Can anyone please help me?!

“...What are you lot doing there...”

As I was being held in a tight spot, I heard a voice echoing from the sky, and
at the same moment, a large shadow appeared. T-This voice...
Magnawell-saaaaaaaannnnn! He’s truly my savior, the Buddha saving me from hell.
Seeing Magnawell-san, who spoke to us without regard to Dr. Vier’s Recognition
Inhibition Magic, Dr. Vier’s hand left my dangerous zone.

[...M-Magnawell-sama... Even though we were having a great moment...]

“No, Vier... You ought to learn to control yourself a little more. You’re
getting out of control. I know that you’re as bull-headed as usual, but don’t
you dare do anything strange at my festival.”

[Ugghhh... B-But it’s the greatest opportunity to show Miyama-kun my appeal...]

“If you don’t control yourself... How about I tell Zwei what you’re doing?”

[Please don’t, she will kill me.]

This was the first time I had ever heard the name “Zwei”, but the name that
Magnawell-san mentioned seemed to be incredibly effective, as Dr. Vier was
clearly shaken... No, she looked afraid. Her hands were trembling, and her face
probably looked very pale right now. Is that person really that scary?

“...If you don’t want me to do that, make sure you keep things in moderation.”

[Y-Yes, I’ll be careful.]

“Umu, see you later then...”

After he finished talking with Dr. Vier, Magnawell retracted his head that was
stretching out towards the city. His enormousness was as incomparable as ever.
After all, just by talking to us, the whole area around here was covered in
shadows. Anyway, it seems that the biggest crisis is over... That was really
close. I shudder to think what would have happened if Magnawell-san hadn’t
helped me. Well, putting that matter aside, for Dr. Vier to be that afraid—Is
Zwei-san really that scary?

Although I had experienced one of the biggest crisis ever, the rest of the ride
went on without any problems, circling around the large grassland and returning
to where Neun-san was. When we got there, Neun-san came up to us... looking
pale.

[...W-Welcome back. U-Ummm... I heard what Magnawell-sama said earlier... I-Is
Zwei-sama coming?]

[S-She’s not coming! I mean, if she’s coming, I’ll run away, okay?!]

Catching Lynn as she flew towards my embrace, I listened to the conversation
they were having. Neun-san was apparently also afraid of this Zwei-san fellow?
Seriously, what kind of person is she?

[Ummm... Is this Zwei-san really that scary?]

[...H-Hmmm. Rather than scary...]

When I asked what kind of person Zwei-san was, Dr. Vier and Neun-san responded
with a rather complicated expression on their faces.

[Zwei-sama is, how should I say this... She’s strict to others just as she’s
strict to herself... Especially if someone acts in a way that degrades
Kuromu-sama’s reputation, they will receive a long and stern scolding...]

Seeing as their words were even slurring, they must be pretty scared about
her...

[Sister Zwei is the oldest one in the family, except for the Six Kings-sama and
Sister Ein. Without a doubt, she’s the busiest one among our family.]

[Busiest? Is she doing some work or something?]

[Unnn. Kuromu-sama is one of the Six Kings after all. About one-fifth of the
Demon Realm is recognized as Kuromu-sama’s land. But, you see, Miyama-kun
already knows about this, but Kuromu-sama doesn’t like ruling over others or
anything like that, right?]

[That’s right.]

Although Kuro is a powerful being, she does not consider herself superior to
anyone else. She may show her majesty when she needs to act as one of the Six
Kings, but she basically doesn’t like standing above anyone else. Kuro regards
Dr. Vier and Neun-san as “family”... She treats them as equals. Territory
management is probably not the most appropriate word when one thinks of Kuro.

[And in place of such a Kuromu-sama, the one who rules the land owned by
Kuromu-sama is Sister Zwei. And she’s handling a fifth of this vast Demon
Realm... Handling all of it made her very busy.]

[I see... Incidentally, who is it that manages the other members of the Six
Kings’ lands?]

[Lillywood-sama and Magnawell-sama are in charge of their own lands.
Megiddo-sama doesn’t manage his lands at all, but he has excellent subordinates,
so he seems to be getting by. As for Isis-sama... There are no beings living on
her land to begin with, so there’s nothing for her to manage. As for
Shalltear-sama... Well, people don’t even know where she is, so no one really
knows if she even has a land of her own.]

[...]

...She’s currently hiding behind me after all. However, I see now. Zwei-san is
something like a Feudal Lord, and from Dr. Vier and Neun-san’s reactions, she
seems to be a very strict person. As I think about this, a smile appears on
Neun-san’s lips as she continues.

[If Ein-sama is supporting Kuromu-sama out in the open, Zwei-sama is the one
supporting her behind the scenes. She’s a very dependable person.]

[Hmmm, from what I’ve heard, she sounded like a serious and hardworking
person... And yet, the two of you are afraid of Zwei-san?]

[...I’m scared.]

[...Yes, I’m scared of her.]

“Why are they this afraid of her?” With this question in mind, I waited for them
to speak.

[...Zwei-sama is a very strict person. Especially with one’s personal
appearance...]

[Also, she would sermon someone for a long time... an insanely long time. Sister
Zwei would always prioritize the family, but she’ll cancel all of her other
plans just “to lecture you for hours”.]

[H-Huhh...]

[The first time I met her, I was so nervous that I greeted her in full body
armor. And then...]

[And then?]

[I was mistaken for an intruder, got my armor shattered with her bare hands, and
made to sit in a seiza for a three-hour sermon. I was really scared at that
time.]

[...]

[Ahh\~\~ Me too. After I got home for the first time in a thousand years, she
caught me... beat me up and scolded me for five hours... I was brought to tears
that day, and it wasn’t because I was moved.]

...T-That sounds freaking scary! I see, I understand now... So, Zwei-san is
something like a Demonic Teacher type? To be honest, I’m not really good with
people like her. I’m quite sloppy after all, so if I met her, she’d probably
give me one heck of a scolding.

[Well, I know that Sister Zwei is just scolding us because she’s worried about
us.]

[Yes, that shows how much she cares about us, so I’m rather grateful.]

[ [ However... the length of her sermon... it’s just a bit... ] ]

Just the thought of sitting in a seiza and being scolded for several hours
certainly is terrifying. I wonder if I’ll have a chance to meet in the future.
I-It would be great if she doesn’t scold me...

---

In the office that had an emphasis on functionality, a woman was sitting at her
desk, processing a mountain of documents. The pen in the woman’s hand moved
without pause, dealing with an unusual amount of paperwork in the blink of an
eye. After clearing away all the piles of papers on her desk in a few dozen
minutes, the woman put down her pen and muttered to herself.

[...Things have been doing well huh. Thanks to the fact that most of the
powerful people are participating in the Six Kings Festival, some leeway opened
up in my schedule.]

After she had said that much, the woman opened a drawer in her desk and took out
a luxurious black-coated card. Then, she held it in her hand, as if it was
important, staring at it with a small smile on her lips.

[In the Six Kings Festival... I’m sure “that person” would also be there too. If
it’s possible, I would like to meet him once... I should probably turn up...]

Softly muttering that, the woman put the card in her hand back in the drawer
before leaving the office, carrying the mountain of papers with ease. The card
that the woman who usually doesn’t show her emotion, looking like a girl who
admires her hero... is actually an identification card with “Miyama Kaito
Adoration Association Member No. 8” written with golden letters in it, though
the person himself doesn’t know that such an association exists.
