---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 5: Fourth Day of the Six Kings Festival

The Six Kings Festival is hosted in the order of War King, World King, Dragon
King, Death King, Phantasmal King and Underworld King. The third day of the
festival has just ended, and the next one would be the Festival’s fourth day...
the festival organized by Isis-san. From what I’ve heard, Isis-san’s festival is
like a huge flea market. However, I don’t think this festival can be
underestimated, for the items would most probably be far different from what’s
sold in a flea market because the one who arranged this event is extraordinary.

Isis-san, known throughout the world as a collector, possesses rare grimoires,
documents regarding lost civilizations, and other items that are coveted by
those in the know. She also possesses rare jewels that only exist in a handful
of places in the world, head mounts of animals that have already become extinct,
and many other items that fetch extraordinary prices. And in this festival,
Isis-san had declared that she would be parting with most of these items, and
the participants of this festival had prepared a lot of money for tomorrow.

Moreover, it seems that Isis-san wasn’t the only one selling items here, as the
other members of the Six Kings would also be selling several items. Furthermore,
there was also information circulating that Shiro-san would also be releasing a
small amount of the legendary wine, Shallow Grande and the finest tea in the God
Realm, Glorious Tea. I heard that such super-luxury goods would be auctioned off
in the Central Plaza, but Lilia-san, whom I met at the end of the third day,
predicted that some people might get bankrupt if they were to participate in
that. Incidentally, it seems that Lilia-san will also be participating in the
auction. However, it seems that she wasn’t aiming for the offered by the Six
Kings... She was talking about something called Limited Edition Dragon King or
something like that... I don’t remember what she called it, but I think she
wanted to buy a model of Magnawell-san.

Well, I’m going to buy something if I can find something I want, so I’m really
looking forward to tomorrow. But before I could face what was to come tomorrow,
I had a big challenge ahead of me.

[...Kaito... Does it feel itchy?]

[Ah, no.]

[...I’ll scrub you... nice and clean, okay?]

[Y-You can just scrub it normally, okay?]

Scrubbing my back with a sponge, Isis-san softly told me. Yes, according to the
incomprehensible rule proposed by Ein-san, “the person who goes around with me
at the festival the next day gets to have a mixed bath with me”, I’m currently
taking a bath with Isis-san.

![Insert 3](../../_Images/v14/Insert3.png#.insert)

Yesterday’s mixed bathing with Neun-san and Vier-san was also quite tough but...
Isis-san is even tougher than that.

[...Being together with Kaito tonight... tomorrow too... together... I’m feeling
happy.]

[Gufuuu...]

Yes, the pure affection that Isis-san directs at me does tremendous damage to my
reasoning.

No matter how I try to explain it, Isis-san is an angel, and her affection is
pure and untainted. Even now, she has no shame in expressing her affection
towards me, telling me without any hesitation that she is happy to be with me.
Her destructive power was so great that by the time I soaked my body in the
onsen, my corrupted mind was emaciated, as if her affection had burned the
corruption out of my mind.

[...But... Kaito... Tomorrow... Would being together with me tomorrow... really
be okay? ...Would I not... be a bother?]

[You won’t be a bother at all. Even now, I’m already looking forward to going
around with you, Isis-san.]

[...I’m glad... Me too... I’ve always... looking forward... to going around
together with you.]

What is this angel, I want to hug her right now. Isis-san’s bashful was so cute
that I had to hastily pull close my arms that had reflexively tried reaching out
to hug her before I knew it.

[...Kaito... Are you not tired?]

[I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t tired at all but... even greater than that were
the experiences I had yesterday and today, and I’m having a lot of fun.]

[...I see... I’m glad that... Kaito is having fun.]

With her aura of love bursting forth, Isis stares at me with a beautiful smile.
Even though I wasn’t looking at her body, I felt my heart beating absurdly fast.
I mean, Isis-san is really getting cuter and cuter by the day... and after we
have officially become lovers, she has shown me her love even more than before,
so I feel strangely nervous when we are alone like this.

[S-Speaking of which, Isis-san. Thank you for the bento the other day. It was
very delicious.]

[...I have put into it... lots of my love for Kaito after all.]

[A-Ahaha... Even so, it was really delicious. So much that I wanted to eat it
everyday.]

[...If Kaito wants to eat... I can always make one for you... The next time I
will be making... will have even more... of my love for Kaito... and I think
that... it will be even more delicious.]

Saying this, sounding really happy, Isis-san brought her body close and leaned
her head on my body, to which I gently hugged her by her shoulders. Seriously...
I’m blessed to have a girlfriend who is cute, has a great personality, and has
done so much for me. Of course, being in such close contact with her makes me
feel nervous, and I feel like steam would start coming out of my ears. But
surpassing such emotions... is the unbearable happiness I’m feeling right now.

When we go around tomorrow, I wish that Isis-san would truly have fun... that
she will think that it was the happiest day she ever had... and for that to
happen, I will also do my best.

---

The scene on the fourth day of the Six Kings Festival was also very different
from the previous festivals. Yesterday’s scenery disappeared, and the city was
lined with stalls. It’s as if a really huge summer festival is happening.

[Ohh, it’s quite crowded, isn’t it?]

[...Unnn... Today... No matter who it is... if they apply for it... they can
open a store.]

My hand interlocked with Isis-san’s hand, we set off from the Central Tower, and
the first thing we saw was a stage set up in the middle of the huge plaza. The
auction, the main event of the third day, was to be held on this stage, and it
was to begin at 10 am... So we had about an hour to spare. However, neither
Isis-san nor I have much interest in the auction, so we’ll probably just take a
quick peek at what it’s like later. So, we decided to just leisurely look around
the stalls, and just walked around together with Isis-san. Isis-san would
usually be floating in the air, but this time, she was on a date with me, so she
was walking by my side. She looked happy from the start of our date, as she
would occasionally squeeze my hand, as if to show her happiness.

She’s totally an angel.

I feel happy to be able to look around the festival with Isis-san, and I know
that we will have a fun time. However, I’m not without any concerns. I’m
particularly concerned about Isis-san’s magic power of death... I have no
problem with this because of my Sympathy Magic, but for the people who don’t
have such magic, Isis-san is an object of fear. Before her magic power of death,
how strong a person’s will is doesn’t matter. Isis-san is a kind-hearted person.
But even if they knew that, beings who don’t have the magic power to withstand
Isis-san’s magic power of death wouldn’t be able to approach her. Those who
possess life have the instinct to fear Isis-san. That’s why, when Isis-san comes
to visit the royal capital or other places, people disappear from the main
streets. This is the reason why Isis-san has felt so lonely for so long, and it
is also the most traumatic thing for her.

So now, she was a little worried about that. Most of the shopkeepers were
apparently under the control of the Six Kings, and those who possessed strength
such as the Peerage-holders were chosen first. However, that doesn’t apply to
the participants of the festival or those who have applied to open a store. I
hope it doesn’t turn into a situation where they would run away or something
like that, hurting Isis-san’s feelings...

With such worries in my heart, I walked together with Isis-san... when I heard
the other participants talking with each other.

[Oi, look at that. It’s Death King-sama...]

[Ohh... S-She’s really intimidating. As expected of one of the Six Kings.]

When we heard those words, Isis-san and I looked at each other. Yes, because it
wasn’t the reaction we had expected. The two who were talking with each other
didn’t look like they had much magic power even from my point of view... but
they didn’t run away when they saw Isis-san. Well, they were just trying to look
from a distance...

[I heard that one would faint at just the sight of the Death King-sama, but it
doesn’t seem like that though?]

[You idiot. Those idiots were just exaggerating and spreading such rumors. She
certainly had that atmosphere around her that makes it that I can’t get any
closer to her, but she’s one of the Six Kings, you know? Something like this
should be expected from them.]

[I guess so... Well, I guess we’re lucky to see one of the Six Kings this
close.]

[Yeah, at the Festival of Heroes, ordinary participants like us can only see
them from a distance.]

...Arehh? Really positive responses... What does this mean?

[...No one... is running away?]

Apparently, Isis-san was also surprised, as she began looking around with a
curious expression on her face. It’s true that just as the two of them said,
everyone is keeping their distance from Isis-san. But at best, it felt like they
were just looking at them from a few meters away, which was the same feeling I
had when I walked together with Lillywood-san the other day.

[...Speaking of which, Isis-san’s magic power of death... Didn’t I hear someone
mention that when Isis-san is happy, her magic power of death would be weaker?]

[...U-Unnn... It won’t completely disappear but...]

[Then, could it be...]

[...Ah.]

Isis-san and I realized what was happening almost simultaneously. Isis-san’s
magic power of death fades when Isis-san is in a good mood. If I’m not just
being conceited, Isis-san should have been looking forward to this day for a
long time, and she should be feeling a great amount of happiness right now... In
other words, the magic power of death that Isis-san was clad in now is thinner
than ever. That’s why the fear they’re feeling was just to the extent that they
would think “As expected of one of the Six Kings, she’s really intimidating”...

Perhaps, the distance where they could look at her... About three meters should
be their limit, and I don’t think they could get any closer than that... But
even if that’s so, that’s still a drastic change. For Isis-san, a scene like
this... The sight of so many people present without running away from her must
be refreshing and delightful. As if she was overcome with emotions, her
shoulders trembled before she tightly hugged my arm.

[...Kaito... I’m glad.]

[That’s great, isn’t it, Isis-san?]

[...Unnn... That’s all... thanks to Kaito... Thank you... I love you.]

The sight of the weak not running away from her is what Isis-san longed for. Of
course, this doesn’t mean that they’re no longer afraid of her. If she were to
get any closer, they would probably run away. But still, this was a huge step
forward. This change makes it possible to see a faint possibility... A future
where Isis-san will be able to walk the streets without anyone being afraid of
her. Seeing Isis-san with a happy expression on her face because something
unexpectedly good happened makes me happy too.

[...That person walking beside Death King-sama... Could he be that rumored
otherworlder?]

[Yeah, most probably. Don’t make eye contact with him... “You’ll get killed”.]

...Unnn? Arehh?

[...Rumor has it that he fought War King-sama and won... He must have a strength
that one can’t imagine from his appearance.]

[...I’ve even heard that he defeated the War King’s General Bacchus-sama with
one shot.]

P-Please wait a moment there, what’s with their conversation? That’s strange,
something is strange...

[It seems that he also had a “demonic Winged” under his command, and if you
apparently look down on him, you will be erased...]

[Y-Yeah, I’ve heard that too. I’ve also heard about how that being was going
around preaching about how great that otherworlder is…]

[D-Did you know... that on the first day of the Festival, a Count from Archlesia
was apparently captured by that Winged and had them swear allegiance to that
otherworlder...]

[Y-Yeah, but I heard that “Underworld King-sama” dragged her away after that...]

Oi, wait a moment there! Why the heck am I hearing unbelievable conversations
over there?! Their assessment towards me is turning strange... Or rather, what
do they mean when she had a count sworn allegiance towards me? I haven’t
received any information of anyone swearing their allegiance towards me from
anyone, you know?! That winged being... That’s Eden-san, isn’t it? What the heck
are you doing, Eden-san?! You said that you were just going to sightsee by
yourself... but seriously, what the heck are you doing?!

Also, Kuro, please hang in there! You’re the only one who can stop an irrational
person like her!

Well, I feel a bit down because of the rumors about me... but there were some of
those rumors that I couldn’t completely deny, so I decided to just ignore them.
I started walking with Isis-san again, and as I was thinking that it was time to
check out some of the stalls, I suddenly saw something that caught my eyes. It
looks as soft and fluffy as a cloud, moving a stick around as if they were
drawing a large circle inside a large magic tool, and the shapes that were being
created were truly artistic.

...In short, I saw cotton candy. W-Well, even though this is mainly a flea
market, I guess it won’t be strange for there to be food vendors. And cotton
candy is a standard in festivals... Though I say that, as an adult, it seems a
little too childish for me. However, it’s a staple and delicious. Well, to put
it simply... “I just want to eat some”!!! W-Well, I mean, when you think of
festivals, you think of cotton candies, and when you think of cotton candies,
you think of a festival. In a way, I guess it could even be said that it’s
disrespectful to the festival to not eat cotton candy here. No, it’s not that
I’m childish or anything like that... It’s just that cotton candy is very tasty,
so it can’t be helped if I feel this way.

If I was the only one here... I would have purchased cotton candy without
hesitation. However, my girlfriend, Isis-san, is currently next to me. In this
situation, saying that I want to eat cotton candy... somehow feels embarrassing.
H-However, I really want to eat one now. If I miss this opportunity, I don’t
know when I’ll be able to eat cotton candy again...

A-Alright, let’s make a roundabout suggestion here...

[I-Isis-san. I-It seems like there’s a cotton candy stall over there. T-There’s
a confectionery like that in my world too... I-It’s a festival anyway, so how
about we eat some?]

[...Unnn? ...If Kaito wants to eat some... I’m fine with it... Eating together
with Kaito... is my happiness.]

[Guhh...]

[...Kaito?]

Her angelic smile caused extraordinary damage to my conscience. I’m sorry,
Isis-san... I was but an unsightly human. I disguised my desire to eat as if I
wanted to introduce the confectionary of my world to Isis-san.

[...N-Never mind... I-I’ll treat you!]

[...Eh? ...Is that alright?]

[Yes! Please let me act cool at least in this kind of situation.]

[...Kaito... always... cool though?]

[Gahaa?!]

Isis-san is too much of an angel for me that it hurts... I feel like my
unsightly heart is being burned to ashes. Feeling guilty for trying to use
Isis-san as an excuse, I moved to the store with her. It was a careless action
that I immediately regretted.

[Excuse m—]

[Hyiiihhh?! A-a-a...]

[—Eh?]

[...Ahh... I-I’m so...]

It was completely careless of me. Even if the effect of Isis-san’s magic of
death had diminished, that was only if they were some distance away from her. As
far as I can tell, the limit is three meters... If one gets any closer,
Isis-san’s magic power of death will unleash its true tyranny. To make matters
worse, the stall wasn’t prepared by a subordinate of any of the Six Kings, but
by a general participant. Isis-san quickly tried to take her distance, but the
shopkeeper ran away from her stall faster than she could. Throwing away
everything, including the tools for her business, she ran away as fast as she
could...

[...]

Seeing this, Isis-san’s expression changed to one of sadness. Even though I
should have known this would happen... that her magic power of death hasn’t
completely disappeared. Just because I was starting to see a little
improvement... I should’ve been more careful.

[...Kaito... Sorry...]

[Isis-san?]

[...I knew it... Being together with me is— Hnnn?!]

It may have been a forceful move. But I didn’t want to make her say anything
more than that, so I forcibly blocked her mouth when she was about to say
something. After savoring the feeling of her moist, slightly cold lips, I pulled
my face away. Thereupon, Isis-san seemed to be surprised as her eyes were wide
open.

[...Kaito?]

[I’m sorry! I was careless... Next time, let’s go to a shop owned by one of the
Six Kings’ subordinates!]

[...Eh? ...B-But...]

[It’s not your fault, Isis-san. It’s my...]

[No\~\~ It’s actually “Uncle’s” fault.]

[...Eh?]

I was about to tell Isis-san that I was at fault, when I heard a familiar voice
interrupting me.

[...Ozma?]

[Ozma-san?]

[Good gracious, I’m sorry about that, Isis-sama. I was actually in charge of
this store, but I just had the urge to puff some smoke, so I asked a friend of
mine to watch the store for me. I’m sorry for making you feel displeased, and as
an apology, I’d like to offer the both of you one of these each, so please
forgive us.]

Ozma-san, who had just appeared, wryly smiled as he brushed his shaggy hair and
told us. He then started making two cotton candies, looking quite familiar with
making it, and handing one to Isis-san first and then to me... before he
muttered in a quiet voice that only I could hear.

[...I’m sorry I arrived late. I’ll follow up with you to a certain extent, so
don’t worry about it and have fun.]

[...Thank you.]

It seems that Ozma-san came out to make a follow-up so that we wouldn’t have to
resume our date with a complicated atmosphere after the shopkeeper ran away.
After expressing my gratitude for his much-appreciated concern, I tightly
grasped Isis-san’s hand.

[Come on, Isis-san! Let’s resume our date!]

[...Eh? ...U… Unnn.]

[Also, you’re not allowed to say anything about being a bother to me, okay? If
you say something like that again, I’ll block your mouth again, you know?]

[...Kaito.]

Jokingly telling her this, I pulled Isis-san’s hand and started walking. Holding
a strong will to never let go of this hand... It seemed like my feelings were
conveyed, as Isis-san smiled, her cheeks slightly blushing red.

[...Unnn... I’d like it... if you block my mouth again.]

[Don’t just say such things on purpose though?]

[...Fufu... Unnn... Alright... But later... one more time... okay?]

[...I-I’ll do my best at that time.]

[...I’m looking forward to it.]

Apparently, she had recovered from her slightly depressed feelings, and Isis-san
squeezed my hands back with a big smile on her face. Not everything goes well in
life, and I still made a few mistakes. However, this incident was a good lesson
for me. Once again, so that Isis-san doesn’t have to feel unpleasant emotions,
as her lover—Let’s firmly take the lead on our date.

---

Having learned from my first mistake, I decided to refer to Alice’s guidebook
from then on. The stores not listed in this guidebook shouldn’t be under the
control of the Six Kings, as they had joined later. There are some stores that
aren’t under the control of the Six Kings that are prepared by applying in
advance, but the description written in the guidebook has also stated if that
were the case. And then, I guess it’s really to be expected from the subordinate
of the Six Kings... It’s also the same case for the Peerage-holders, but they
weren’t running away, even when they were standing before Isis-san. Well, though
I say that, they weren’t able to completely endure being exposed to Isis-san’s
magic power of death if they don’t have the strength that is nearly on par with
her, so most of them had shaking legs and pale faces. But still, the
subordinates of the Six Kings didn’t run away. If they had ran away, it would be
an act equivalent to ruining the reputation of their master, the Six Kings, so
they held onto their willpower and served us, their customers.

The trembling of the Baron-ranks and the Viscount-ranks trembled considerably,
but the Count-ranks were able to somewhat endure it with just their faces
turning pale, which showed how strong their abilities were. It seems like
Ozma-san was able to converse with us with his usual wry smile on his face, so I
guess the Count-ranks were on another level compared to the Baron-ranks.

[...What an interesting ornament. You joined together feathers to make this?]

[...This is... an ornament of the Wingeds... that lives in the Eastern part of
the Demon Realm... which they used... in their prayers.]

[I see.]

As one would expect from a huge flea market, there were all sorts of unusual
items on display. Thanks to the knowledge of Isis-san, who I was going around
with, I was able to get explanations about things I didn’t know, which was
something I very much appreciate.

[This Winged you mentioned, are they different from the Harpies?]

[...Unnn... Harpies are Humans... The Winged are Demons... They resemble each
other... but they’re a little different.]

[Fumu.]

Speaking of which, I’ve heard of the Harpies before, but I’ve never seen one
before. I had vaguely imagined that the Harpies have wings instead of arms,
while the Winged have wings growing out of their backs. I’d really like to meet
them if I had the opportunity. With such things in mind, I was looking around
the stalls with Isis-san... when an accessory suddenly caught my eyes.

[...Arehh? The decoration on this brooch, it’s that flower that Isis-san gave me
before, right?]

[...Unnn... Blue Crystal Flower... It’s a flower that doesn’t wither after
all... so it’s popularly used... as an ornament.]

The stall that caught my eyes had a variety of accessories on display, one of
which was the flower I received when I first met Isis-san. The price was... one
gold coin?! In other words, one of these is a million yen?!

[...It’s an incredibly expensive item, isn’t it?]

[...No... Blue Crystal Flowers... aren’t that... rare... I think this price...
is probably because... the maker... is popular.]

[Ahh, so that’s why it’s expensive. Errr... “Florence”... Is this the maker’s
name?]

[...Unnn... She’s very popular... but she’s... quite whimsical... so she
hardly... makes accessories.]

According to Isis-san, it is a rare and precious work that really doesn’t come
around very often, so we may have been lucky to have found it here.

[...Incidentally... Florence... is “Shalltear”.]

[...Huh?]

I think I just heard a name that sounds very familiar... Eh? No way, this
accessory was made by Alice? And this was very popular? W-Well, Alice certainly
is skillful in making things... so I can see Alice making accessories like this.
I mean, how many pseudonyms does that woman have? A bit stunned by the shocking
revelation from Isis-san, I pulled myself together and called out to the owner
of the stall.

[...Excuse me, I’d like to buy this brooch.]

[Y-Yes! Thank you very much!]

The shopkeeper, somewhat intimidated by Isis-san, accepted the gold coin from me
and handed me the brooch. As if she was surprised that I had purchased that
brooch, Isis-san tilted her head with a curious expression on her face.

[...Kaito? ...What are you... going to do with it?]

[Ahh, you see, this flower is a reminder of the first time I met Isis-san... so
I couldn’t help but buy it. And thus, Isis-san. Here you go.]

[...Eh?]

[I thought it would suit Isis-san well... so I bought it as a present.]

Holding the hand of the surprised Isis-san, I handed her the brooch I had
purchased. As its name suggests, this blue crystal-like flower will surely suit
Isis-san well.

[...Are you fine with it?]

[Of course!]

[...Thank you!]

When Isis-san received the brooch from me, she clasped it in both of her hands
as if it were important. How should I say this... Every single gesture she makes
is just so adorable. After holding it for a while, Isis-san pinned the brooch to
her chest. Perhaps, it’s because Isis-san is wearing a gothic dress with more
white than usual today, but the blue brooch looks great on her.

[As I thought, it really looks great on you.]

[...Thank you... Kaito... I’m happy.]

[I’m glad to hear that you’re happy with it, Isis-san.]

[...Unnn... I have more... wonderful memories... together with Kaito.]

The smile on Isis-san’s face, as if she was truly happy, seemed to overshadow
the blooming Blue Crystal Flower on her chest... Looking beautiful, snatching my
eyes away.

After looking around the stalls for a while, I came with Isis-san to the Central
Plaza... where the third day’s main event, the auction, was being held. There
were so many people in the Central Plaza that we decided to observe the auction
from a distance, taking into account Isis-san’s magic power of death. When we
entered the plaza, we were given a plate with a number on it. This would
probably be my number when I wanted to buy something from the auction.
Incidentally, I’m number 985 and Isis-san is number 986. Well, I don’t really
intend to buy anything at the auction at the moment, but something that I want
may appear, so might as well take a look.

Even so... As one would expect from the main event of the day’s festival, there
was a huge crowd around us, with many participants raising their hands in
competition with each other. And on the stage set up in the center of the plaza,
the host with a microphone was calling out prices one after another.

[...The participants don’t seem to be shouting out their bids, so how is it that
the host knows how much they bid?]

[...In this auction... You can bid through hand signs... The host has...
high-degree compound eyes... So she’s watching all the participants at the same
time.]

[...I see.]

I’ve never seen an auction like this before, so everything looks fresh to me. I
also noticed some people are raising their hands in a thumbs-up. I wonder if
that’s some sort of hand signal?

[Incidentally, what does this signal mean?]

[...Ah.]

“Whoa there! Someone bid double again!!!”

“Number 985! One white gold coin!”

[...Eh?]

When I tried to ask Isis-san what the hand signal meant, she looked surprised
and my number was called by the host immediately after. A-Ah, shit! I see, even
from this distance, the host can still see us... In other words, I’ve just made
a bid.

[...Errr...]

[...When you call on something... You can’t take it back anymore.]

[H-Hmmm... But well, this doesn’t really mean that I’ve won the bid anyway...]

“One white gold coin! Are there any bids above white gold? ...It doesn’t seem
like anyone is betting anymore. Well then, congratulations to the young man with
number 985 for winning this item!!!”

[...]

Don’t let your curiosity lead you to doing stupid things... Let’s just take it
as a good learning experience. The tuition I needed to learn this lesson was
quite expensive, but well, I guess it can’t be helped. It’s my fault for being
so careless, so I’ll just obediently buy it.

[...Wait, what did I bid on in the first place?]

[...Errr...]

Thinking that I didn’t know what item was being auctioned, I asked Isis-san, to
which she pulled a huge book out of nowhere.

[That is?]

[...The auction’s... catalog... Errr... The one being sold now is catalog number
15, so the one before that... is this one.]

[Errr, let’s see... “The journal left by the First Hero, 23 pages,
undeciphered”...]

...Ahh, just looking at its name lets me know that it’s something I shouldn’t
touch. This is definitely something that could be considered as Neun-san’s black
history. Unnn, let’s just promptly give it to Neun-san as soon as I receive it
later. But then again, I doubled the previous bid, and won with one white gold
coin bid... So there were people who wanted to buy it even if they had to pay
five gold coins or five million yen... As expected of the First Hero. While I
was thinking about this, it seemed that the bid for item number 15 had also been
settled and the auction moved on.

“Well then, the next item is... something provided by the Underworld King
herself!”

Oya? The next item is provided by Kuro huh... I wonder what that is?

“Catalog number 16!: Underworld King’s handmade baby castellas!”

Why the heck are baby castellas being auctioned off at a high class auction...
Kuro, what the heck are you doing...

“This baby castella was made by Underworld King-sama to be given to ‘a certain
person’ ...A collection set of ‘not so good’ baby castellas!”

In short, it’s just a collection of your failed baby castellas, isn’t it? Or
rather, that “certain person”...

[...Maybe... for Kaito... Kuromeina... made a whole lot... to feed it to Kaito.]

[...I-I see...]

What the heck is this unpleasant feeling creeping on my skin now? Looking at
those baby castellas makes me feel like it’s my fault that those inappropriate
items were being sold in this place...

“Well then, the starting price is: One gold coin!”

I don’t know if I should say that it’s thoughtlessly increasing or not... wait,
doesn’t it seem like it’s absurdly increasing?!

“Number 234, five gold coins! Number 57, eight gold coins! Whoa there, number
622 has bid two white gold coins!”

[E-Eeehhhhh... Why the heck did the price rise that much?]

[...Kuromueina... is very popular... I think that the members of the Underworld
King Adoration Association... would want to acquire it... even if they make use
of their entire wealth for it.]

[...]

I don’t know if I should be impressed by Kuro’s popularity or pity the people
who are willing to pay tens of millions of yen for baby castella...As I was
dumbfounded by this questionable situation, I suddenly saw a person running
towards me.

[Miyama-sama?!]

[...Lunamaria-san?]

[I’m begging you! Please lend me some money! I have to win this bid at all
costs!!!]

[Are you out of your mind?!]

The zealot who appeared, while maintaining a distance of three meters away from
us, shouted at me in a desperate manner.

[Then, out of mind, I shall be! This Lunamaria is willing to die for the sake of
eating Underworld King-sama’s homemade food!!!]

[Could you please spare me from that?!]

[I’m begging you! When I tried to borrow money from Milady, she wouldn’t lend
some to me, saying “Stop with your foolishness”! Miyama-sama is the only one I
can rely on now!]

[...]

It’s because Lilia-san is completely right. No, it’s not like I don’t want to
lend her money... But as a friend, though it may just be for argument’s sake,I
think Lunamaria-san’s strange behaviors should be stopped.

[...I think you should calm down for a bit, Lunamaria-san.]

[I can’t! I may never get another chance like this again, you know?!]

[...I’ll just ask Kuro for some...]

[As expected of Kaito-sama! Your wonderful consideration won’t let a chance to
seize a woman’s heart to escape! You truly are the most wonderful man in the
world! This Lunamaria-san is more than willing to be embraced by Kaito-sama
now!!!]

[Lilia-saaaaan!!! Can you please fetch your rampaging maid back already?!]

I just suggested this to calm down Lunamaria-san. However, I didn’t realize that
her train of thought would get derailed even more... For the time being, let’s
just get her guardian Lilia-san to fetch her away as soon as possible... While
Lunamaria-san looked at me with sparkling eyes, I pulled away a bit... No, as I
seriously pulled away a bit, waiting for Lilia-san’s arrival... I heard an
impressed voice nearby.

[...You... know well... Kaito is... in the whole world... the coolest.]

[...Isis-san.]

Seeing Isis-san nodding at her, I could only let out a big sigh.

---

After the zealot was safely fetched by her guardian, Isis-san and I turned our
attention back to the stage where the auction was taking place. It seems that
not only the Six Kings, but even nobles of various countries were auctioning
their items, making the auction feel grander.

“Now then, the next item is... or rather, the next items are something provided
by Phantasmal King-sama. These are the said items... There aren’t items that not
only the nobles, but even adventurers and knights shouldn’t miss. Yes, There are
weapons made by the _legendary blacksmith Krafty_!!!”

[...Unnn?]

As the host introduced the item, a number of weapons were laid out on the stage.
There were swords, spears, axes, daggers, and unusual weapons like morning
stars. Even from a distance and from the eyes of a layman, I could tell that
every weapon lined up on the stage was top-notch but… there was one thing that
bothered me more.

[...Kaito? ...Do you... want that?]

[Ah, no, that’s not it... It’s just that there’s something bothering me...]

While ambiguously answering Isis-san’s question, I took out my magic box. If I
remember correctly, I should have bought some binoculars before I participated
in the Sacred Tree Festival... Found it! To be honest, I can’t clearly see it at
this distance, so I just needed an item that allowed me to see further to
confirm my doubts.

“Starting with the first weapon, this sword here is the Royal Sword Arondight,
this axe is the Moon Axe... They are all legendary items that any weapon user
would love to have! What’s surprising is that 10 pieces of weapons have made it
to this auction!!! For the weapons built by Krafty, she whose name only remains
in legends, to gather in this place... I guess we could only say that it’s to be
expected from Phantasmal King-sama.”

The host introduced the weapons, one after another, but I ignored her words and
looked into my binoculars. Thanks to the binoculars, I could see the weapons
more clearly, and all of them certainly seemed to have a kind of aura about
them, as if they were all legendary items.

...Well, let’s just put that aside... Unnn. I was convinced when I took a closer
look at it. As I thought, those weapons...

[...Alice, are you there?]

[Yes, yes, what is it?]

[...If I’m not mistaken, I’ve seen those weapons before... To be more specific,
I’ve seen them in a “general store” somewhere... So that means, this legendary
blacksmith Krafty is...]

[Ahh, yes. It’s Alice-chan\~\~!]

As I thought, it really was you! Or rather, they’re being flamboyantly
introduced, but why the heck do I think you’re just trying to get rid of your
stockpile...

[No, no, the weapons that Alice-chan made are extremely popular, you know?! Many
of them were even called Demonic Swords or Holy Swords, you know?!]

[...I’m well aware of your uselessly high specs but... Isn’t it you who called
them Demonic Swords or stuff like that?]

[...Errr, to be honest, they were just weapons I made in my spare time and sold
them at a reasonable price to make some extra money... but somehow, before I
knew it, they were being called legendary weapons. Incidentally, the name I gave
to the one they called Royal Sword Arondight is “48th Random-chan”.]

What a terrible name that is. But in reality, Alice most probably just randomly
made it to pass the time. Even so, her skill is just too great and since she has
the ability to prepare extraordinary raw materials to make her items, the things
she made turned out great. As I was once again feeling how high Alice’s specs
are and how terrible her naming sense is, the auction moved on before I knew it.

“Royal Sword Arondight, won by participant number 88 for 9 white gold coins!”

[...Hey, Alice?]

[What is it?]

[...How much is that sword if one buys it in your general store?]

[“Six silver coins”.]

[...]

An item that normally sells for 60,000 yen got sold for 90 million yen...
H-Hmmm. Alice’s miscellaneous goods store is actually a legendary treasure trove
after all... If only the shopkeeper was decent, it would have been a very
popular store. Even with such a large selection of goods, Alice’s stupidity is
so great that it keeps the customers away.

[...Shalltear... really can... do lots of things huh.]

[Yes, well, I’m kind of proud of how many things I can do... Well, I don’t do
nearly as much blacksmithing lately.]

[...Why?]

[Kaito-san isn’t buying weapons after all...]

...Like I said, stop trying to pinpoint me as your target. I mean, you’re not
even trying to hide it anymore... That general store is totally stocked with
things as if they were just exclusively for me... No, seriously, I don’t know
why, but Alice is so good at doing business if it’s targeted at me...

[Kaito-san, I’ve recently been thinking of adding “high quality pet food” as a
new product, but what do you think?]

[...Prepare about “a hundred bags” for me.]

[Yes, sir\~\~!]

Vexing it may be, I’ll buy it. I mean, her choice of new products is too
precise. I was just thinking about upgrading the food I feed to Bell and Lynn
lately. I want to feed my two bundles of cuteness with good food, and I’m sure
that the pet food Alice makes would be amazing.

[...Shalltear... Are you also... good at sewing?]

[Ehh? Yes, I’m pretty good at it though?]

[...Then... I’d like it... if you could teach me next time.]

[...I don’t really mind, but what are you going to make?]

[...I want to knit... a muffler... for Kaito.]

And then, there’s this Archangel. Isis-san really is a wonderful lady. Receiving
a hand-knitted muffler from her would obviously make me happy. As the Light
month ends, the season is approaching autumn, so the timing is just perfect.
Moved by Isis-san’s affection, I whispered to Alice, who had finished her
conversation with Isis-san and was about to disappear back to... somewhere.

[...Alice... Teach me too.]

[...My darling lover, are you also knitting for the cute Alice-chan?]

[Of course, I will be knitting for you too.]

[...Alrighty\~\~. As usual, it would be a surprise for Isis-san, right?]

Immediately sensing that I wanted to prepare a surprise for Isis-san, Alice
smiled and nodded, before she disappeared.

Desire is quite a profound emotion. The way these people competed in an auction
showed this very clearly. I even saw someone, who should have won the bid after
a fierce competition with others, have a look of despair on her face for some
reason. Even if you had outbid another, that doesn’t mean you’re the winner.
Victory is only possible when the bidder is able to bid on something that has
value beyond the money they spent. As there is a limit to the amount of money
you can use, if you are tossed about in the heat of a bidding war, only regret
awaits you.

However, there are a few overwhelmingly strong people in the world who don’t fit
that description.

“Now then, Catalog number 28: ‘Miniatureable Top Grade Pet House’ is currently
worth 10 white gold coins!”

[...H-Hmmm.]

Looking at the item that had become more expensive than I thought,I put my hand
on my chin and thought. When converted, that would be equivalent to 100 million
Japanese yen... Moreover, I’m still competing against someone, so it’s going to
get even more expensive.

“Number 985 has bid 11 white gold coins... Number 643 has bid 11 white gold
coins and 5 gold coins! Number 7 has bid 12 white gold coins!”

[Mhmm...]

We’re currently competing for a pet house whose principle is based on a magic
box. It’s small enough to carry around and spacious enough for large monsters to
relax in... I want that. That would make it easier for me to travel with Bell
and Lynn, so I’d like to get my hands on that thing. But that thing is
apparently quite rare, and there are many people who want it as much as I do.
For even large monsters to relax on that thing... In other words, considering
that its space could be as big as a mansion, it’s no wonder that it is priced at
a hundred million. I mean, it’s not like I can’t bid on it with the budget that
I have but… It’s going to be quite an expensive purchase.

With that in mind, I raised my index finger, with the back of my hand facing the
host.

“Number 985 has bid 13 white gold coins! Number 522 has bid 14 white gold
coins!”

[...It’s still going up huh...]

[...Kaito... Do you... want that?]

[Eh? Yes, it would help me travel with my pets with that, or so I think...]

While groaning at the ever-increasing price, I answered Mr. Isis’s question.
Thereupon, nodding once in understanding, she spoke.

[...Alright... Leave it to me.]

[...Eh?]

As she said this, Isis-san smoothly put her hands up and made a few hand signs.

“...Huh? Eh? N-No, excuse my rudeness! Number 986... h-has bid... 100 white gold
coins!”

[Wha?! I-Isis-san?!]

She just abruptly bid a billion yen?! W-What are you... C-Could it be that she
was trying to outbid the others for my sake? N-No, no, even if that’s so,
suddenly bidding 100 white gold coins is...

[...It’s a return gift... for the brooch.]

No, no, the difference in price is just too great in that case, you know?!
H-However, her bid has already been called and there’s no way to undo it. As
expected, I don’t think there would be anyone who would have more than 100 gold
coins...

“Whoa there, number 643 has bid 100 white gold coins and 5 gold coins!”

Someone seriously appeared?! However, it seems like the other party is already
on her last straw. Isis-san could just... Eh? Wait a moment there, Isis-san?! If
I remember correctly, that thumbs up hand sign is...

“...Number 986... h-has bid double... that’s 201 white gold coins...”

[...]

At that moment, the plaza was filled with silence. It was truly an overwhelming
sight. Everyone in the plaza was overwhelmed when they saw Isis-san bid double
without any hesitation. Thereupon, no one bid any further and Isis-san won the
bid.

[...Kaito...I’ve won... the bid.]

[...N-No, ummm, Isis-san? I-I really appreciate the sentiment but... I-Is that
alright?]

[...What is?]

[I-I mean, you bid so much money...]

[...It’s “just” 200 white gold coins though?]

[...]

Saying such an amount so casually, it seems like Isis-san really doesn’t think
that it was a lot of money.

[...Ummm, I know it’s a bit late to ask this... How much money do you have,
Isis-san?]

[...Are you asking... about my money... without including my assets?]

[Y-Yes...]

[...I guess... around “4 million”... white gold coins... I think?]

[...Huh? E-Eeeehhh?!]

4 million white gold coins?! E-Errr, if a white gold coin is 10 million yen...
that means... “40 trillion yen”?! Isn’t that already on the level of a national
budget?! Eh? Moreover, that is just her money, not including her assets?! I
wonder what percentage of the world’s white gold coins does this person own?

[I-Isis-san is t-that rich huh...]

[...Eh? ...But... Kuromueina is... many times richer... than me though?]

[S-Seriously? How much money does Kuro have...]

[...I don’t know... I think... it might be better... to express it in a
different way.]

[Express it in a different way?]

[...Unnn... In Kuromueina’s case... I think it’s better if you don’t think about
how many white gold coins she has... You should... think about... “what
percentage of the world’s economy does she own”... or something like that.]

[...]

I had heard that Kuro is the richest person in the world. However, I never
imagined that in this world, all three realms combined, which is much larger and
has an incomparably larger population than the world I was in, an individual
could hold a part of the world’s economy...

S-She’s exactly what could be said as the King of the world... For Isis-san and
Kuro, 2 billion yen might just be… nothing more than loose change.

I thought I had completely understood that Kuro and Isis-san were the top of the
Demon Realm and possessed an overwhelming amount of wealth, but... they were
actually far more than I had expected. Isis-san is already richer than I could
imagine, while Kuro—It feels like she’s on a whole other level already.

---

After enjoying the auction to some extent, Isis-san and I decided to pick up our
winning bids and move on to another location. The auction itself seems to be
continuing until the end of the fourth day, so we may want to come back later
and check it out again.

[...Isis-san, ummm... Are you sure it’s alright for me to receive this?]

[...Unnn... I don’t... have any use for it.]

The thing that Isis-san is giving me is the miniatureable high-class pet house
that I wanted earlier... a 201 white gold coin pet house. I wanted to refrain
from receiving it because of the amount of money used to buy it but... Isis-san
herself won’t use it, and refusing it is like refusing her kindness towards me.
In that case, it would be better to just accept the gift and thank her in some
other way.

[...Thank you. I’ll be sure to thank you for this.]

[...Fufu.]

[...Eh?]

[...That would just make... us returning favors back and forth, you know? ...I
mean... this is... a thank you… for the brooch after all.]

Isis-san gently smiled and seemed to not really mind about it. But well, I also
have some pride as a man. I can’t compete with Isis-san in terms of money, but I
would still like to repay her in some other way. When I told her this, Isis-san
looked as if she was thinking about it. Then, after a little while, she smiled
as if she had come up with something, and smoothly put her face to my ear.

[...Then... can I ask you... a little something?]

[A little something? Yes, if it’s something I can do.]

[...Thank you... In that case... I’d like to... later.]

[...Eh?]

To be honest, what she whispered in my ear wasn’t what I expected. In fact, I
remember another person saying the same thing to me before.

[...E-Errr, Isis-san? T-That is...]

[...Is that no good? ...If Kaito doesn’t want to... you don’t have... to force
yourself.]

[T-That’s not it! It’s not that I don’t want to... B-But would that be enough of
a thank you?]

[...Unnn... I would be... very... happy.]

[I-I understand. If Isis-san is fine with that...]

When I told her that I agreed to her request, Isis-san happily smiled. Seeing
the expression on her face while thinking about what she had just told me, I
could feel my face turning red. In order to escape from the embarrassment, I
slightly turned my face away and changed the subject.

[...S-Speaking of which, it’s almost lunchtime, isn’t it?]

[...Ahh... I made... bento... Let’s eat?]

[Eh? You made bento today again? Thank you!!!]

[...If Kaito... is happy about it... I’m also... happy.]

I’m extremely moved by Isis-san for making lunch for me again today.

[Well then, let’s go somewhere with a nice view...]

[...It’s alright...I’ve properly... planned for that.]

[Unnn? Do you know a place like that?]

[...Unnn?]

The Six Kings Festival changes drastically from day to day, and the city itself
is so large that it is difficult to find a good spot. However, just as
Lillywood-san showed me a good place to hang out yesterday, it seems like
Isis-san, the organizer of today’s event, seems to have a good grasp of places
with good scenery.

When Isis-san waved her hand lightly, flowers made of ice bloomed around her,
and as soon as they shattered, the scenery around me changed.

[...Arehh? Doesn’t this place look familiar?]

The place that we had teleported to was located high above the city where the
festival is happening. It certainly had good scenery... but it seems like we’re
in a considerably high place. From the view, it was as if we were on top of a
mountain, and with the rocky color of the ground under my feet... Arehh? Could
this place be...

[...Magnawell... We are... going to eat... so lend me... this place.]

“Ahh, I don’t mind.”

As I thought, this place really was on top of Magnawell-san?! He’s as
outrageously sized as always, and I couldn’t tell where we were at all just by
slightly looking around. T-The view up here would certainly be very nice. After
all, it’s like eating at the top of a 5000-meter high mountain. I can even
clearly see the tree and ice art that was created during the opening ceremony.
However, unnn… Is it really okay to eat on top of Magnawell-san’s head? W-Well,
Magnawell-san says it’s fine, so I guess it’s not a problem huh?

In front of the dumbfounded me, Isis-san laid out a sheet she had taken out of
nowhere and spread out the bento she had prepared for me.

[...Kaito... Let’s eat?]

[Ah, yes. ...Uwaahhh... It looks even more delicious today.]

[...I worked hard.]

Instead of the easy-to-carry bento I had gotten yesterday, today’s lunch was
prepared in stacks of boxes filled with lots of side dishes. Fried chicken, egg
rolls, potato salad, and even my favorite mini burger steaks... They look really
delicious. It’s just that... There’s only “one fork”.I’m not an idiot. I know
from past experience what this situation means. And I also know that there’s no
escape for me...

[...Kaito... What would you like... to eat first?]

[W-Well then, I’ll have an egg roll...]

[...Unnn... Here... Ahhn~]

[...Ahhn~]

I ate the egg roll that was held out to my mouth. The sweetly seasoned egg
spread its fluffiness in my mouth, and the taste was more than enough for me to
know that it tastes great.

“It seems like you’re quite affectionate with each other huh, that’s good.”

[...Unnn... I love... Kaito.]

[...Thank you. I also, errr... love you.]

[...I’m happy... Really... really... happy.]

It’s kind of embarrassing to say this but... In a place with beautiful scenery,
I am now having lunch with my beloved lover. I think that this time of
happiness—is something that can’t be replaced by anything else.

I finished eating the delicious lunch that Isis-san had prepared for me at the
spectacular spot above Magnawell-san’s head. Well, I thought the food prepared
for me was so much that I wouldn’t be able to finish it… but it was so delicious
that I ended up eating it all. I think I ate a bit too much.

[...Kaito... Here... tea.]

[Thank you. Wait, green tea? Arehh? I thought Isis-san likes black tea?]

[...Unnn... But I heard that... Kaito liked it... so I also studied... the tea
of another world.]

[...Isis-san.]

Isis-san is just so much of an angel that it’s almost dazzling. The green tea
that she brewed for me was really delicious, feeling as if it was soaking into
my body after the meal. As I sipped my tea and breathed a content sigh, I heard
Magnawell-san’s voice call out from beneath me.

“How are you doing, Kaito? Are you enjoying the festival?”

[Eh? Yes, there are a lot of surprises, but I’m certainly enjoying the
festival.]

“I see, that’s good... Fumu, let’s see, let me give you _some_ allowance.”

[...Yes? Eh? Wait?!]

The moment Magnawell-san said that, “about 100 white gold coins” appeared in
front of me.

“You would need money to enjoy the festival. You don’t have to be shy. I can’t
use coins myself, so I was having trouble disposing of them.”

[...Ah, errr... Yes... Thank you... very much.]

“Umu. Ahh, I also had these sweets that my subordinates said were delicious... I
can’t taste them with my size, so I’ll give you those too.”

[T-Thank you… I-It’s enough already, okay?]

...How should I say this… It’s amazing how Magnawell-san feels like “a grandpa
who hasn’t seen his grandson in a long time”. However, it seemed like if I just
kept receiving stuff from him, he would give me one thing after another, so I
somewhat forcefully thanked him and told him that it was enough. Hmmm. Everytime
I meet Magnawell-san, he would always give me a lot of things. I mean, he
completely treats me like his grandchild. After a short chat with Magnawell-san,
the conversation came to an end, and Isis-san looked at me with expectant eyes.

[...Kaito... The promise.]

[Uuuu... W-We’re doing it now?]

[...Unnn… If we do it here... there wouldn’t be... anyone else, you know?]

[I-I understand.]

The promise that Isis-san was talking about... Well, it’s about the request she
made when she gave me the pet house at the auction a while ago. As Isis-san
looked at me with a happy smile on her face, I slowly lowered my body on the
sheet.

[E-Excuse me then.]

[...Unnn.]

After a few words of consent, I lowered my head and felt the texture of cloth
and the softness of her skin. Yes, Isis-san’s request was “for her to give me a
lap pillow”. Could this really be a means to express my thanks to her? It seemed
more like a reward for me rather than a thank you, but Isis-san seemed to be
very satisfied with this.

The feeling of the lap pillow was different between Kuro’s half-pants and
Isis-san’s gothic dress. The texture of her dress, which was probably made of
high-quality fabric, was wonderful, and I felt as if I was lying down on a
luxurious pillow. Thereupon, Isis-san’s hand, which had a low body temperature,
was gently placed on my forehead, and I felt comfortable from her cold touch.

[...However, why a lap pillow?]

[...Kuromueina... told me... that she does this for you a lot... I also want...
to try it out.]

[I-I see...]

I feel like unnecessary information has been spreading around. It’s true that
Kuro has... ummm, giving me lap pillows frequently. I mean, lately, when it’s
just the two of us... I feel like getting pretty spoiled by her. I feel
helplessly embarrassed... W-Well, you know. I also thought for a moment that it
would be shameful for a man to be spoiled by a young-looking girl like Kuro.
But, you see, Kuro is much older than me, so it’s not strange for me, the
younger one, to be spoiled by her... M-Moreover, it’s not just me that’s being
spoiled, as Kuro has also been spoiled by me a lot lately, so this means that
we’re equally spoiling each other. In the first place, Kuro’s gentle embrace was
just too powerful... No, wait, who the heck am I even making these excuses to?!

[...Kaito?]

[Ah, no, I didn’t say anything! A-Anyway, what did you think of it when you
tried it yourself?]

[...Unnn... This feels... kind of nice... Looking at Kaito’s face... like
this... makes me feel happy.]

[...]

I know that I’m the one who initiated this conversation, but Isis-san... that
smile of yours is foul play. Looking at your enchanting smile makes my heart
beat really fast here. I wanted to turn my hot face away, but Isis-san’s hand
was on my forehead, and I didn’t feel comfortable shaking it off. In that case
though, I didn’t have any choice but to stare at Isis-san, who was looking at me
with a big smile on her face... I knew it. Staying like this makes me feel
extremely nervous.

[...Hey... Kaito?]

[Eh? Ah, yes. What is it?]

[...Can I... kiss you?]

[Wha?! Eh? N-No, that is...]

[...I can’t?]

[N-No, it’s not that you can’t.]

[...Kaito... I loooooooove you\~\~]

When Isis-san heard my words of approval, she smiled even brighter than before,
and bringing her face close to mine... our lips overlapped each other.

“Ho ho, you two sure are quite intimate.”

---

Taking some rest after a good meal, I enjoyed laying down on Isis-san’s lap
pillow for a while before I got up to go around the festival again. And just
when I was about to move from Magnawell-san’s forehead... I saw a “huge
explosion” in the distance.

[...Eh?]

Fortunately, it seemed like it happened quite far away from the city where the
festival is being held. Could it be terrorism or something like that...? N-No,
there’s no way they’d do something like that at a festival hosted by the Six
Kings...

“...What the heck are they doing over there?”

[...Their usual... fight?]

[Eh? Isis-san and Magnawell-san can see what’s happening there?]

This place is directly opposite from where the explosion occurred, so with my
eyesight, I can only see the huge explosion cloud. However, as expected of
members of the Six Kings, the two of them seemed to have a grasp of the
situation even at this distance, and they spoke sounding somewhat astounded.

[...Unnn... “Shalltear and Megiddo... are fighting.”]

[Why?!]

“They’ve always had lots of quarrels. The way Shalltear speaks could agitate
someone, remember? She’s incompatible with the easy-to-anger Megiddo...Well, it
seems that both of them are taking proper precautions to prevent the island from
being destroyed though...”

That was done by people I knew?! Alice... I appreciate that you’re considerate
when I’m alone with Isis-san or Kuro, and were giving us our moments but... Just
a few moments passed when we last talked! How the heck are you in a battle with
Megiddo-san in such a short time?!

[...Kaito... “Let’s go”... If we don’t stop them... it will affect... the
festival.]

[...Eh? Wait, where are we going? There’s no way we’re going there, right...]

[...It’s alright... I will... protect you.]

[N-No, that’s not the point...]

As I looked at the cloud of smoke occasionally exploding in the distance,
Isis-san muttered as if she was talking about something obvious, and a magic
circle appeared below my feet. No, no, I can certainly understand that they need
to be stopped... but asking me to intrude in that fight, what do you expect me
to do...

The place we arrived at was definitely a battlefield... A place where flames and
flashes of light collided and gouged the ground with each thunderous roar. The
center of this battlefield were the two people who caused this event. Even
though they tried to prevent direct damage to the city, I think their fight
still scared the people within it.

[Ahh, geez! You’re really a gorilla who can’t take a joke! Don’t you think that
your head is just filled with muscles?]

[The fuck did you just say?! In that case, you’re just a “horny bitch” who
shakes her ass for Kaito!]

[I-It’s already too late for “compliments” now!]

[Why did you think I was complimenting you?! Are you an idiot?!]

[Oi, you fucking gorilla... The only person who can curse me is Kaito-san, you
know? Want me to smash that right into your empty head...? ]

[...Interesting, let me see you try it.]

Unnn, what the heck is this? I’m not sure what started it... but I understood
from their conversation that they were fighting over trivial things. However,
even if they’re really idiotic when cursing at someone, they are both people
with world-class abilities. This situation is extremely bad.

[I-Isis-san? Are you able to handle this by yourself?]

[...Hmmm... It’s difficult... but... “it seems like there’s no need to”.]

[...Eh?]

When I asked Isis-san if she could stop two of the Six Kings, thinking that it
would be difficult by herself, she muttered that she didn’t need to. Almost as
soon as she said those words, the two idiots who had been fighting stopped
moving... A voice that seemed to echo from the depths of the earth resounded.

[...What do you think you’re doing?]

[...K-K-K-Kuro-san?!]

[K-Kuromueina... No, t-this is just...]

When Alice and Megiddo-san saw Kuro walking towards them with black mist leaking
out from her body and an angry expression on her face, their face clearly turned
pale and they automatically sat in a seiza. Kuro, dauntingly standing in front
of them with her arms crossed... looked really scary. It reminded me of that
time I got scolded by her the other day.

[...Shalltear?]

[Y-Y-Y-Yes!]

[...Megiddo?]

[O-Ohh... Ah, yes.]

[I told you before, didn’t I...? That you shouldn’t fight in the middle of the
Six Kings Festival... I properly told you, didn’t I?]

[ [ ...Yes. ] ]

Trembling while sitting in a seiza, the two of them looked like prisoners
waiting for their execution. In this tense atmosphere, Isis-san quietly spoke.

[...Kuromueina... Their verdict?]

[...Forehead flick (strong).]

[ [ ! ? ] ]

What, just a forehead flick huh... Well, even though she’s angry at them, Kuro
is kind, so she may be indulging especially with her family. I was a little
concerned about that “strong” word added there, but well, it looks like they’re
going to settle things peacefully.

Or so I was thinking... but for some reason, Alice and Megiddo-san’s pale faces
turned ashen white.

[P-Please wait! Kuro-san, I admit! I admit it’s my fault!!! T-That’s why,
anything but that...]

[K-Kuromueina?! I won’t do it again... T-That’s why have mercy on me...]

Arehh? Why are they panicking that much? It’s just a forehead flick, right? I
guess it would have a considerable amount of power since it’s a forehead flick
done by someone powerful like Kuro... but I’m sure that it would just be
something that the two of them, members of the Six Kings, can handle.

[...Kaito... Go behind me...]

[Eh? Ah, yes.]

As soon as I moved, following Isis-san’s words, Kuro slowly pointed her hand
that was already at the ready to the two of them. As for Megiddo-san though,
because of his size, Kuro would end up flicking his stomach instead... And the
next moment... Kuro’s fingertips seemed to glow for a moment, and with a
thunderous roar, “the scenery in front of me disappeared”.

[...Eh?]

What was left behind after Kuro flicked her finger was “earth melted by the
heat” and “a cleaved sea”. E-Eeeehhhhh?!

[...A-Awawawa...]

[...Kuromueina’s... forehead flick (strong)... is very... painful.]

No, no, that can’t be only the level of just painful, you know?! T-That is...
W-Wouldn’t that... kill those two...?

[Fuggyaaahhh... I-It hurts so bad that I felt like my head was flicked off.]

[Geffuu... That pierced a hole through my belly... It hurts.]

[...Both of you, make sure this won’t happen again, okay?]

[ [ Yes! ] ]

...They’re alive and well. Receiving that nonsensically strong forehead flick,
for them to only have that reaction... These two really are monstrous enough.
Megiddo-san had a hole in his stomach though... Ah, it’s healed already.
Speaking of which, the sea that was cleaved returned back to normal before I
knew it, and there was no sign of a tsunami or anything close to that occurring.

[Well then, get along and fix this area that the two of you destroyed...]

[...Eh? No, rather than us... Isn’t most of this because of Kuro’s forehead
flick...]

[You saying something?]

[I didn’t say anything! We will begin repair work immediately!!!]

H-How should I say this... Should I say that... it’s case closed now? No, well,
it seems that Kuro perfectly controlled her power, and it doesn’t seem to have
affected the city at all... Unnn, let’s stop thinking about it.

---

After recovering from the shock of seeing Kuro’s forehead flick (strong), I came
back to the festival with Isis-san again.

[...I’m kind of thirsty from the weird ruckus that happened just now. Should we
get something to drink?]

[...Unnn... There is... a stall... over there.]

[Ohh, well then, I’ll go get us some. Isis-san, what would you like to have?]

Ahead of where Isis-san was pointing at was a stall selling what looked like
fruit juice. With a quick glance at the item list, I can see different types of
juices and containers arranged in easy-to-understand sizes. When I called out to
Isis-san with the intention of buying one for her, Isis-san thought of it for a
moment before speaking.

[...What will Kaito... be getting?]

[I will have, errr... ripple juice, I think.]

[...Then... I’d like... to have that.]

[Eh? E-Errr, are you talking about... that one on the far right, “the large cup
with two straws”?]

[...Unnn... I want to... drink together... with Kaito.]

No matter how I look at it, what Isis-san wanted to drink from on was the
for-couples-only cup. U-Unnn, no, well... We certainly are a couple, so I guess
there’s nothing wrong with choosing that. Even so, we’re in the middle of a
festival... and there are lots of people around us. I-I’m kind of embarrassed
being seen by people around us as an idiotic couple.

[...Kaito... Do you dislike... drinking with me...?]

[I don’t dislike it! I’ll order it right away!]

[...Ahh... Unnn!]

However, my embarrassment was powerless in front of Isis-san’s smile. My
embarrassment is just a small price to pay when I think about how happy Isis-san
will be when we do this... I don’t even have to weigh which one of these two is
more important for me. Immediately agreeing with her, I bought a cup of ripple
juice from the stall. Of course, the container is the couple size that Isis-san
requested.

[I bought it.]

[...Thank you... I’m happy.]

[E-Errr, well then, shall we drink?]

[...Unnn!]

Seeing Isis-san so happy, I felt a bit embarrassed, but I also brought my mouth
near one of the straws. Thereupon, Isis-san also moved, drawing our faces closer
to each other.

H-How should I say this... We should have kissed multiple times already, so I
shouldn’t have been embarrassed with her face being close to mine, but an event
like this that certainly shows that we’re a couple makes me feel a different
kind of embarrassment than when we’re kissing. As our faces are close together,
our eyes aren’t closed like when we’re kissing, so I can see Isis-san’s face
very clearly. I could see her glossy, soft lips held on to the straw, and her
ruby eyes that were staring straight into mine. As we started to drink the
juice, facing each other, Isis-san seemed really happy, as her cheeks slightly
blushed red and a smile appeared on her lips. Looking at her face up close, I
felt my heart beat strangely fast again.

After a while, we finished drinking the juice in the container, but we didn’t
take our mouths off the straws. I thought of following Isis-san when she pulled
her mouth away but... Isis-san was apparently thinking the same thing. Waiting
for each other to move, we both lost sight of the timing to move our mouths
away. We just stared at each other like that without saying a word. Seeing her
up close like this, I realized once again that Isis-san is an exquisite beauty.
Isis-san’s snow-white skin and fleeting atmosphere all seemed to enhance her
very being. Staring at her like this makes me feel passion gradually building up
in our gazes. From her eyes, I can see her overflowing love for me, and my
feelings of love for her were growing stronger and stronger.

I wonder who was it that initiated it? Our mouth that had been spontaneously
sucking on the straws stopped, and the distance between Isis-san and I became
even closer. I could feel her slender hand slowly place itself on my back, and I
also placed my hand on Isis-san’s small back. Slowly but surely... both of us
brought our faces close to each other... And the distance between Isis-san and I
became zero. Now, at this moment, I felt as if the two of us were the only
people in the world. I could feel the warmth of Isis-san’s body in my arms
gradually increasing, making me feel the desire to hug her even tighter... but
the sound of our cup falling on the ground brought clarity back to my mind.

[...]

Letting go of Isis-san’s lips, I looked around like a broken tin doll, feeling
as if the blood was being drained away from my body. As far as my eyes can see,
there’s people, people, people... Forming a circle with a considerable distance
around us, a surprisingly large number of people were intently staring at us. I
realized where we are again... We are currently in a large city hosting a big
festival called the Six Kings Festival, and the participants of this festival
are incredibly numerous. So, what does this mean? It means that Isis-san and I
embraced in public, and were passionately kissing each other...

[Ahh, aaaaaaa... I-Isis-san?!]

[Eh? Kya... K-Kyaito?]

I thought all the blood had been drained out of my body, but I felt heat and
embarrassment burst out like an explosion of blood that came from my body.

...From that point on, my actions were swift. I smoothly carried Isis-san’s body
in a princess carry... and ran away from that place with a speed unparalleled in
history.

After self-destructing by being exposed to a shame play that I, myself
initiated, I immediately ran away. I thought about going as far away from places
with people as much as possible... before we finally took a break in a
plaza-like area.

[...Haahhh... I’m sorry, Isis-san. Suddenly carrying you like that...]

[...No... Kaito... Am I not heavy?]

[No, you’re surprisingly light.]

I apologized to Isis-san for reflexively taking her away in a princess carry,
but she didn’t blame me, and is actually worried about me. Nevertheless,
Isis-san’s body really is light... She was so light that even I, a weak person,
could run while carrying her in a princess carry. No, it’s not that I’m just
saying that because I heard that girls don’t like being called heavy, she really
is light. No, I mean... I have a feeling that Isis-san weighs only about 30 kg.
She also said that she basically doesn’t eat, so her body structure may be a bit
different from a human.

Anyway, I guess we should be alright here now. Thinking about how I should stay
away from that area we were in earlier, I tried to put Isis-san down, but for
some reason, her hands held onto the back of my neck.

[...Kaito... Could we... stay like this... for just a bit longer?]

[...Y-Yes.]

[...Thank you... Kaito... I love you.]

Isis-san looked murderously cute, putting her face against my neck, acting like
a spoiled princess in my arms.

Holding Isis-san like a princess for a while, when she was satisfied, I slowly
set her down.

[...W-Well then, how about we walk around this area? It doesn’t seem like there
are that many, but there seem to be some stalls over there.]

[...Unnn.]

Feeling strangely embarrassed, especially with the earlier incident, I held
Isis-san’s hand and headed for a stall a few distance away. This area is off the
main street and not very crowded, but there are still a few stores around. As I
walked past one of the stores, which sold small accessories, I was unexpectedly
called out.

[Oya, what a lovely couple you two are! Come now, I have just the perfect item
fo—Fugyaaaahhh?!]

I slammed my fist into the face of the “cow costume” who called out to me.

[W-Wait, Kaito-san?! That’s not just knocking down on my head anymore, that’s a
full-on punch, you know?! Haven’t you been treating me harshly lately?!
Alice-chan is your cute lover, you know?!]

[...No, rather than that, what are you doing here? Aren’t you supposed to be
repairing that area you and Megiddo-san were fighting in?]

[No, no, that one is main body Alice-chan’s responsibility. It doesn’t have
anything to do with me, “Stall Merchant Alice-chan 86”.]

[I-I see...]

After hearing the idiot in a stuffed cow costume... Alice clone’s words, I was
dumbfounded, but I nodded anyway. Thinking about it, how could that Alice miss
out on a business opportunity like this... I wouldn’t be surprised if she had
prepared one or two clones to prepare their own stalls. I’m kind of bothered
with that 86 attached to her name though. Does that mean there are more than
eighty of them scattered all over the city? T-There’s no way that’s the case,
right...

[...Shalltear... The thing that’s perfect for us... What is it?]

[Fufufu, it’s these!]

[...What... are these?]

[These are ancient items from another world.]

In a solemn tone, what Alice took out... were lucky charms that were sold in
shrines. No, well, that was certainly a culture from another world... But I
don’t think the Gods that were supposed to be associated with those amulets are
in this world, you know? So, wouldn’t those amulets have no benefit at all?

[Don’t be surprised, okay? You see, just by holding one of these... “You would
become super lovey-dovey with your lover”!]

...It says “Prosperous Business” on it though?

[Wha?! ...I-I’ll buy it!]

[...Isis-san.]

[Also, also, if you buy this crystal ball too, the effect of this lucky charm
“triples”!]

[...I-I’ll... take that too!]

[Thank you for your patronage\~\~ Well then, I’ll calculate the price...]

Where exactly are you basing that triple stuff you’re talking about? No, well,
that’s fine and all but...

[...Alice. Do you mind if I say something?]

[...Eh?]

[If you cheat the innocent Isis-san into making an expensive purchase... “I’m
not going to talk to you for a while”...]

[...N-No way\~\~ Isis-san! It’s just a joke! Isis-san and Kaito-san don’t need
something like this!!! You’ve always been lovey-dovey, even without toys like
this!!! There’s nothing for you to worry about!!!]

[...Eh? ...But...]

When Alice heard my words, she looked so flustered that it could be clearly seen
even with her stuffed costume, and smashed the crystal she was holding.

[I just remembered something! These aren’t actually my items!!! That’s why I
can’t sell them to you! I am never selling them!!!]

[...Kaito... Super lovey-dovey...]

[That reminds me! I actually have a “1/5 size plushie of Kaito-san” that I made
recently!]

I thought I just heard the name of an item that I couldn’t overlook, but before
I could say anything else, a mountain of white gold coins appeared in front of
the store.

[I’ll buy it! I’ll take your entire stock!!!]

[...N-No, this is still a trial product, so I’ve only made one... Also, the
price is 300R, so please put those white gold coins away.]

[...Uuuu... Then… I’ll buy that one.]

[Yes, yes, here you go\~\~]

[...Thank you... You can... keep the change.]

Isis-san vigorously tried to buy up Alice’s entire stock, but when she heard
that there was only one of those items, she took it and gave one white gold coin
to Alice. She just bought a 30,000 yen product for 10 million yen... This is
just a guess, Isis-san, but do you not have coins other than white gold coins?
N-No, that’s not important at this point. The problem is that plushie that
looked like a chibified me. It’s already impossible for me to take it away from
Isis-san, who is happily hugging it in her embrace, so all I can do now is have
a little talk with the root of all evil.

[...Alice... Let’s have some talk later.]

[...Eh?]

[You should also come prepared to sit in a seiza.]

[......Eh?]

How should I say this... When Alice appears in the scenario, things instantly
become noisy. Well, I guess Alice’s stupidity is part of her charm, but as for
the fact that she’s making plushies and life-sized dolls that look like me—I
think we need to have a good talk about this.

As I watched Alice and Isis-san chat with each other, I was looking at the
guidebook and thinking about where to go next. It would be great if there was
some kind of attraction here that would help us digest our meals. Though I say
that, I don’t think I would be able to keep up with strenuous activities... It
would be preferable if they were something like those stalls at festivals back
in my world...

As I was flipping through the pages of the guidebook, I suddenly noticed some
words that caught my eye. Ring toss huh... No, wait, which ring toss is this?
Looking at the map, the space for ring toss is large... it’s that Super Exciting
Battle Sports one huh.

[...Isis-san, this ring toss...]

[ [ Wha?! ] ]

[...Eh?]

I thought I had made a very normal suggestion, but for some reason, Isis-san and
Alice looked surprised. Isis-san was even shakingly looking at me with her eyes
wide open.

[...We can’t... Kaito... It’s dangerous.]

[...D-Dangerous? The ring toss was?]

[Kaito-san... Messing with such equipment “could endanger your life”. You should
at least wear this armor...]

[Hey, doesn’t that look like the armor Neun-san was wearing?!]

[This armor is made with “Orichalcon”. With this, you should somehow be able to
play some rounds...]

Eh? A full-body armor made of Orichalcon? Her bringing out such legendary
equipment would mean it really is RINGTOSS, not ring toss.

[...With Kaito’s magic power... It would be difficult... to fight in a
“RINGTOSS” match.]

[She’s right. We can put that aside if it’s a fight between fellow amateurs...
but unless you can “move at the speed of sound”, it won’t be a proper match.]

[...I see, it’s not that the match I saw yesterday was abnormal, but that was
just the norm huh...]

Somewhere in the back of my mind, I was hoping that yesterday’s match was just
an anomaly because Alice happened to be World Rank-1, but was normally a more
invigorating sport that even I can enjoy... but it seems like that was
completely not the case.

Anyway, it’s definitely a very dangerous attraction and it would be suicide for
me to try it.

[...W-Well then, let’s just forget about the RINGTOSS... What about goldfish
scooping?]

[ [ Goldfish scooping?! ] ]

[...]

Unnn, I kind of get it now. I guess that means goldfish scooping is also
dangerous. Looking at the guidebook, goldfish scooping certainly uses a pretty
huge space too... Was it that? The goldfish they’re catching here was actually
really big or literally made with gold?

[...T-Then what about target shooting?]

[...But... Kaito... can’t use... “magic bullets”, right?]

[Even if Kaito-san could, I think it would still be difficult for him to score
points when they get into “aerial combat”.]

[...What about candy diecutting?]

[...That one... is alright.]

[I guess so. You’ll be safe from “hindrances” with Isis-san with you, so the
rest would depend on the dexterity of Kaito-san’s hand.]

That’s strange. Why is it that since a while ago, not a single thing I know
matches the image I know about them? I guess some things might have been
strangely handed down to this world, just like Kuro’s strange knowledge about my
world.

[...What about yo-yo fishing?]

[...Yo-yo fishing... What’s that?]

[I, at least, never heard of that existing in this world.]

They don’t have yo-yo fishing here?! ...Why the heck is there goldfish scooping
and even candy diecutting, but no yo-yo fishing?!

[...No, unnn... Errr... Are there even any safe attractions here?]

I just decided to stop thinking about where to go myself and asked them for
recommendations.

[Let’s see\~\~ Hmmm...]

[...Shalltear... What about... “Ring target”?]

[Ahh, that one’s great! Even kids are able to play that!]

Thereupon, Ring Target, an unfamiliar term appeared. Based on its name, I’m
guessing it was something like target shooting...

[Ring target?]

[Yes, it’s a rather standard game at festivals. As the name suggests, it’s an
attraction that uses a ring.]

[...You stand a few distance away... and throw a ring.]

[Unnn? Arehh?]

[The targets are poles with different points on them, 10, 30, 50 and 100
points.]

[...One throws a ring... hooks it on a pole... and if you score more than a set
points... you can... receive a prize.]

[...]

Fumu, so to summarize... You throw rings... on poles with scores from a short
distance away... and try to make those rings hook on the pole.

[...Isn’t that ring toss?!]

[What are you talking about, Kaito-san? It’s different from RINGTOSS, you know?]

[...Unnn.]

[No, that’s not what I meant... Ahh, geez?!]

I can’t get my feelings across... Unnn, let’s just give up. Putting aside
Isis-san, I want to drop my knuckle on Alice’s head who’s pretending ignorance,
even though she clearly understands what ring toss I’m talking about. I mean,
she herself said she’d never heard of yo-yo fishing “in this world” when I asked
her about it.

---

After experiencing not being able to convey my thoughts due to the different
cultures in which we grew up in, I continued to look around the festival with
Isis-san. We enjoyed a leisurely date, we played ring toss, which they call ring
target, together and checked out a store that sells secondhand books.

[Hehh... They were selling clothes here huh. Does this mean they were
secondhand?]

[...No... They’re probably... new... This street... attracts a lot... of amateur
designers.]

[I see, so that’s why there are a lot of clothes with designs I’ve never seen
before.]

This street is apparently filled with amateur designers who are trying to make a
name for themselves. I guess it’s understandable why. The guests invited to the
Six Kings Festival are all people who gained a certain level of recognition from
the Six Kings... So, many of them should have high social status and financial
power. Not only would this be a good way to make connections, many of the people
with that amount of money and status would like unusual things. That’s why, this
street is a good place for new designers. And thus, it was inevitable that the
products here took a lot of effort to make, especially the clothes that were
used only for one party, such as luxurious suits and dresses.

[Speaking of which, you’re quite fashionable, aren’t you, Isis-san?]

[...Really?]

Isis-san likes to wear gothic-style clothing with lots of frills, but I think
that what she wears still has quite a variety. The dresses that I’ve most
commonly seen were her light blue and blue-colored ones, but I also remember
seeing her wear other gothic dresses in several other colors. Not only were the
colors different, but the designs were different as well, giving me the
impression that she was very particular about her clothes.

[Yes, you wear a lot of pretty clothes... Do you have a favorite clothing store
you go to, Isis-san?]

[...No... I don’t buy them... Just like Kuromueina... my clothes are... “made
with magic power”.]

[...Just like Kuro’s clothes? Are you talking about her long coat that can
change at will?]

[...Unnn... Materializing it with magic power... also lets me freely... change
the color and appearance... so it’s convenient.]

I see, just like how Kuro’s interesting long coat could turn into wings and
tatami mats, Isis-san was materializing her magic power and turning them into
her clothes...

That would certainly let her change its appearance as much as she wants, and the
fact that it’s a mass of magic power makes it excellent in terms of defense and
mobility. I’ve heard from Kuro before that it’s quite difficult to materialize
magic power though. Unnn, well, let’s just obediently buy our clothes from
Alice.

[...Just... like this.]

[O-Ohh?!]

As Isis-san said this, she showed me how she changed the color of her dress from
blue to white and added more frills to it. Hmmm. White colors... also look great
on Isis-san huh... Dressed in a white frilly dress, she unmistakably looked like
an angel.

[...Kaito… What color... of clothing... do you think looks good on me?]

[Hmmm. I personally like wearing black clothes but... I think a fleeting light
blue, or rather, I feel like clothes with lighter shades of color would look
good on Isis-san.]

Somehow, I feel that snow-like clothes would suit her. When she wears a fleeting
light blue dress, she looks very lovely, just like a really cute snow fairy.

[...This color?]

[Yes, it looks good on you... Errr, you look really lovely.]

[...Thank you... Kaito telling me that... makes me... really happy.]

When I sent her generous words of praise, Isis-san gave me a beaming smile.
Seeing her pure, adorable smile, I suddenly felt embarrassed and hurriedly
turned my gaze away.

[...Ah, Isis-san. There’s an ice cream stand over there! How about we take a
break for the moment and have some ice cream?]

[...Unnn.]

[W-Well then, I’ll go get us some. What flavor do you want, Isis-san?]

[...Then... I will have chocolate.]

[Alright. Please wait for a bit, okay?!]

Even though I had somehow forced the conversation, I headed for an ice cream
stall a short distance away. The food stall I arrived at seemed to have
reasonably excellent options, and they had the chocolate flavor that Isis-san
had requested. Personally, I think matcha is the best ice cream flavor but...
Unfortunately, they didn’t seem to be selling matcha flavor, so I decided to buy
strawberry ice cream instead. However, after I gave my order and was about to
pay the bill... I realized a very important fact. Ah, shit. While we were
looking around before coming here, I had used up all the silver coins I had,
along with the coins of lesser value. All I have now are gold coins and white
gold coins.

I don’t really think it’s a good idea to pay with a gold coin just for two ice
creams that cost 1R each... That’s already on the level of harassment. However,
Isis-san also does not have any coins smaller than white gold coins. That
means... I guess it can’t be helped. It’s my fault for not keeping some change
in stock, so I’ll just pay with a gold coin and say that she can keep the
change. I think it’s a waste of money but... To be honest, I’ve always wanted to
try saying it...

[Yes, you’ve paid the exact amount. Thank you for your patronage.]

[...Eh? Arehh?]

As if to interrupt my thoughts of paying with a gold coin, I heard the
shopkeeper’s voice. When I turned to her... I saw the shopkeeper with her head
tilted, handing me two scoops of ice cream.

[...U-Ummm, I haven’t... paid you yet, remember?]

[Eh? But “it was paid for by your companion over there” though?]

[...Eh? Companion— Wha?!]

I didn’t think that Isis-san had a 1R coin, but when she said “companion”, I
reflexively moved my gaze... and my thoughts completely stopped. In the
direction where I looked at, she was there, standing next to me before I knew
it... was a petite woman with light brown semi-long hair. She looked at me for a
moment, gave me a quick wink, and turned away without saying a single word.

![Insert 4](../../_Images/v14/Insert4.png#.insert)

From the moment I saw her, I was so shaken that I couldn’t feel my voice coming
out of my throat. My mind went blank, my heart was beating frighteningly fast,
and I could feel sweat dripping all over my body... As if I’m petrified, my body
doesn’t move an inch.

That’s impossible... It can’t be... after all... Eh? No, why...

[...Mom?]

When I could finally feel my voice coming out of my mouth... The woman had
already disappeared into the crowd.

Dear Mom, Dad— I know that who I met was another person. I’ve heard from someone
that there are at least three people in the world who would look like me. But
even though I knew this, I couldn’t help but feel shaken... for the woman I just
saw— looked exactly like my mother.
