---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 2: Zwei

After Dr. Vier, it was time for Neun-san to ride behind me for a lap. Bell would
have to continuously run for a while, so I was worried that she might be
tired... but it seemed like there wasn’t any problem at all. Well, Bell’s recent
strolls have been around the perimeter of the Royal Capital of Symphonia, so in
terms of distance, she should still be okay. Dr. Vier said that she would take
care of Lynn, so even though Bell was there, it was as if it was just the two of
us. Since she wasn’t pulled away unnoticed just like the time she was left with
Neun-san, I thought for sure Lynn would be upset... but to my surprise, Lynn
just nonchalantly snuggled into Dr. Vier’s arms.

I’m not really sure, but it seems that Dr. Vier, who had many monsters under her
command, could understand some of their language, so that’s why Lynn was
emotionally attached to her. As to be expected of Dr. Vier, she also seemed to
like Lynn, who was not afraid of her, and was happily conversing with her.
That’s why Neun-san and I are currently running together on Bell’s back, which
clearly shows the difference between Neun-san and Dr. Vier’s personalities.
Unlike Dr. Vier, who clung to my body, Neun-san sat with some space between us,
balancing herself by placing one hand on my shoulder. It’s certainly like
Neun-san to be modest.

[Speaking of which, Neun-san. This is just a continuation of what we were
talking about earlier but... I guess Zwei-san must be a very strong person huh?]

[Yes, she’s only below the Six Kings and Ein-sama.]

Thanks to the magic used by Dr. Vier before we got on Bell, I could hear
Neun-san’s voice very well even in the strong wind.

[Of all the abilities Zwei-sama possesses, her most powerful ability would be
her “Force Field Manipulation”.]

[Force Field Manipulation?]

[Yes, Zwei-sama is able to manipulate “attractive force, repulsive force, and
gravity” at will, and those who lack the strength can’t even approach her.]

[I see. Just hearing her abilities, I could tell that she was really strong.]

I’m not sure if I should say it’s to be expected or not, but she had a cheat
ability that tickles the chuunibyou out of my heart. I wish I could also use
such an ability... Well, that isn’t happening for sure...

However, unnn. I’m starting to understand the power structure of Kuro’s family
pretty well now. Kuro stands at the top, followed by Ein-san and the Six
Kings... And then, it looks like Zwei-san is next in line. After the Six Kings
have become independent, I guess that makes Zwei-san as the third most powerful
in Kuro’s family huh?

[...Incidentally, Vier is the next strongest after Zwei-sama.]

[Is that so?]

[Yes, both of them are among the peaks within the Count-ranks. The only reason I
was able to defeat Vier was because she was in her worst condition, and I had
friends encouraging me by my side. If we had fought one-on-one while she was in
her perfect condition, I wouldn’t even be able to compete with her.]

[Fumu fumu... Then, I guess Neun-san would be the next strongest person after
Dr. Vier?]

Neun-san may have won in the past, back when they fought as the Hero and the
Demon Lord, but in terms of pure combat power, it seems that Dr. Vier is
superior. Though I say that, I’m sure Neun-san is quite strong too... Even
Lilia-san, who had borrowed Chronois-san’s power, was no match against her. I
don’t know much about fighting, but I know that Neun-san is one of the most
talented people in the world. So, when I asked Neun-san if she was next to Dr.
Vier, the reply I received from her was something I never expected.

[...No, the next strongest after Vier would be “Raz-sama”.]

[Ehh?! R-Raz-san?!]

[Yes, it may sound surprising, but I’m telling the truth. Raz-sama is a very
strong person.]

I never expected that Raz-san’s name would come out here... I can’t imagine how
that small and lovely girl is a strong person... Honestly, no such thoughts
popped up in my mind at all. Was it because she is so small, as well as her
childish personality? I can’t imagine Raz-san being stronger than Neun-san at
all. Perhaps, she had expected my reaction, as with a slight smile on her face,
Neun-san continued.

[Raz-sama has the “Limited Law of Causality Intervention” ability.]

[Eh? E-Errr...]

[To put it simply, Raz-sama’s arrows would basically “always hit the target”. No
matter which direction she shoots, Raz-sama’s arrows will always hit the target
she was aiming for. Well, her arrows would hit people other than those who were
also capable of Law of Causality Intervention, such as Fate-san and the Six
Kings...]

[...Arrows that always hit certainly sound terrifying.]

[Yes. However, there are also ways to deal with this. The only thing that
Raz-san can determine is that “her attacks would always hit the target”, but she
couldn’t determine “where her attacks will hit”. It seems that the armor you
wear is also treated as part of the target, so you can prevent her arrows from
hitting you by intentionally having it hit your sword or shield.]

I understood that Raz-san was amazing after listening to her story, but I still
couldn’t understand why she was really stronger than Neun-san. It seems that
Neun-san has a way to deal with Raz-san’s ability, so if they fight, she should
be able to win against her, right?

[...The real strength of Raz-sama is not the fact that her arrows always hit the
target. It’s her “range”.]

[...Her range?]

[Yes, let me put it in a simple way. The range of Raz-sama’s arrows... it can be
said that it’s as wide as the “entire Demon Realm”.]

[...Ehh?]

[For example, if Raz-sama really tried to kill me in that battle the other
day... All she had to do was keep firing arrows even from Hydra Kingdom, and it
was over. I’ve heard that Raz-sama’s arrows have the property of not slowing
down at all, and that they consume so little magic power that she can keep
firing for days. In the end, if that was what really happened, I would have
turned into a porcupine, my entire body littered with arrows.]

I-I see... I clearly understand Raz-san’s true strength now. It’s her cheat-like
ability to endlessly fire arrows from an extremely long range.

[...Well, as Kaito-san already knows, Raz-san is a kind person... so she will
not resort to tactics that would lead to a one-sided slaughter. Or rather, in
the first place, she doesn’t like the act of fighting itself. So, please don’t
be afraid of her.]

[...It’s alright. I thought that Raz-san was quite amazing, but I didn’t become
afraid of her... It’s just as Neun-san said, Raz-san is a kind person after
all.]

[...Yes.]

After Neun-san told me about Kuro’s family, there was a bit of silence between
us. It’s not that it became awkward between us, but the mood feels unsettling. I
thought about it for a while, before calling out to Neun-san behind me.

[...What kind of food do you like, Neun-san?]

[...Eh? What’s with the sudden question...]

[Ahh, no, it’s just that... I was thinking I only know a few things about
Neun-san... I don’t have any precise reason, but I kind of want to know more
about you, Neun-san.]

[Fueehh?!]

I surprisingly haven’t had many private conversations with Neun-san so far. Of
course, I consider Neun-san to be my important friend, so I know her to some
extent. However, just as I talked about with Dr. Vier before, when I talked with
Laguna-san and Fors-san, I realized that I didn’t know Neun-san at all. ...I
wonder if that’s why? It’s just that I suddenly felt that I wanted to know more
about Neun-san. Neun-san looked confused about hearing what I suddenly said, but
after thinking for a bit, she answered my question.

[...I guess it would be anmitsu.]

[Anmitsu huh... I haven’t really eaten anmitsu that much, but do they have it in
this world?]

[Yes, they have it here. I also often make some for me to eat... What about you,
Kaito-san? What kind of food do you like?]

[I like burger steaks and apple pies.]

Come to think of it, when I visited before, Neun-san talked about liking anmitsu
when she was monologuing... No, as it would only make Neun-san embarrassed, I’m
not going to bring up that time. At any rate, let’s keep in mind that Neun-san
likes anmitsu. I’ll also check out shops that serve anmitsu in Kuro’s food
guide. I owe Neun-san a tremendous debt of gratitude for the rice she gave me
before,so if I get the chance, I might as well treat her to some anmitsu.

[Well then, continuing on with the common topics... What are your hobbies,
Neun-san?]

[Let’s see... I enjoy playing shogi. Have you ever played shogi before,
Kaito-san?]

[Y-Yes, well...]

[If we get the chance, how about we play a game?]

[...I don’t mind, but you have to be prepared before you face me. If you play
shogi with me, Neun-san will experience “the same despair that Alice felt”...]

[...I see, so you’re that confident huh. Very well. I am also a bit confident in
my ability to play shogi... So I don’t think I would be lacking as an opponent!]

...Unfortunately, I was the one lacking as an opponent here...

[No, it’s the opposite of what Neun-san is thinking. If you play a game with
me... Neun-san will despair about how horrifyingly weak I am.]

[...Eh?]

Alice despaired when she played against me. After she had to spoon-feed me just
to get me close to winning, she never asked to play shogi with me again. N-No,
wait? Perhaps, at that time when I played with Alice before... It may just be
that I’m not really that weak, wouldn’t it be possible that Alice is just too
strong? Unnn, that’s very likely. After all, despite her personality, Alice is
like a jack-of-all-trades, master-of-everything type of a genius, so she’s
probably extremely amazing at shogi. Considering that, I may even have put up a
great fight against her... Doesn’t that mean I might actually be fairly amazing
too?

[No, it’s nothing. Yes, if there’s a chance, let’s play a match...]

[...Y-Yes.]

Sensing that the atmosphere had become a bit awkward, I felt a bit flustered and
decided to change the topic.

[I-I’m changing the subject, but Neun-san, you look very cute in your outfit
today, aren’t you?]

[Ehh?]

[Neun-san has originally been very beautiful, and that western-style dress
really suits you... I guess it could be described as neat and tidy. Calming
femininity is really just like Neun-san, isn’t it?!]

[Eh? Eeeehhhh?! K-Kaito-san... W-What are you... ummm, errr...]

Arehh? What the heck am I saying? I don’t know if it was because I was trying to
cheer up Neun-san or not, but I ended up saying a series of lines that would
make one cringe... Well, the milk has been spilled already, so I might as well
keep the momentum going...

[Y-Your pink-colored hair also looks good on you. Or rather, since Neun-san is a
beauty, any hair color would look good on you!]

[Hooeehh?!]

[For me to be able to have a one-on-one talk with the beautiful Neun-san, I’m
quite a lucky man.]

[Migyaaahhh?! W-Why are you suddenly saying s-s-s-such a... M-My h-howt isn’t
weady yet...]

...Unnn. This won’t do, I made a blunder. I knew that letting the momentum
control my actions would end up pretty badly. It kind of feels like I’m hitting
on her rather than cheering her up. This won’t do. If I said something like this
to the shy Neun-san, she would definitely lose her composure. I should change
course immediately...

[I-I’m sorry! I accidentally started saying strange things— Eh?]

I turned my head behind me to apologize for saying something outrageous on the
spur of the moment, but at that moment, I heard the sound of something falling
behind me. Of course, if I had to guess what that sound was in this situation...

[N-Neun-san?! Bell, stop! Stooooooooop!!! Neun-san had fallen!!!]

[Guru?]

This was a complete blunder on my part. How should I say this... I ended up
going along a strange flow of conversation. I was the one who lost my composure.
With something like yesterday’s reverse proposal, I didn’t realize it myself
but... It seems like being in a situation like this where I’m alone with
Neun-san—makes me quite nervous.

---

...Sparks can really be found anywhere. A confrontation over a trivial matter is
a common occurrence, even among friends. Yes, it happened just as we were
finishing our lunch.

With the guidebook in hand, the three of us talked with each other and decided
to eat at a restaurant that served a dish that used wyvern meat. Wyvern meat
isn’t very expensive, but they’re high-quality meat and they’re relatively
pricey. However, since it is still within reach for the commoners who put in
some effort to earn money, it seems to be quite popular. If the Red Dragon meat
I ate before is like the highest grade A5 beef, the Wyvern meat wouldn’t be
branded beef, but more like domestic beef. Bell and Lynn are also eating with
us... so since Bell especially eats a lot, we went with this restaurant based on
quantity over quality.

As usual, I finished my meal at the VIP table that had been prepared for me. As
I was about to leave my seat to pay for my meal, feeling awkward asking for a
free meal, it happened.

[Ahh, Miyama-kun. I’ll pay for this.]

[Eh? No, it’s alright. Please let me treat you.]

[...]

[...]

At that moment, I felt like I heard the sound of a gong ringing out somewhere,
signaling the start of a battle. Perhaps, Dr. Vier, who is the same type of
person as me, also heard the same gong. And thus, the fierce battle between Dr.
Vier and I began.

[...I’m a man after all. I would like it if you could at least let me act cool
in situations like this. It’s a matter of pride for a man.]

I first sent my preemptive strike... a jab telling her about my pride as a man.
This is a typical phrase that has been used for a long time, but that is why it
has a solid track record. In response to my words, Dr. Vier had a calm smile on
her lips as she spoke.

[...No, no, you see, in this kind of situation, elders should be the ones
treating the youngsters.]

Dr. Vier countered my jab with a very typical statement like mine. I guess I
should say that it’s to be expected from Dr. Vier huh... She knows what cards
she has available, using her most suitable card to cut down mine. She would
really be a tough opponent...

[No, you see, Bell was the one who ate the most... So, it’s inexcusable to ask
Dr. Vier to pay for that. I’ll pay for this.]

This is where I changed the target of my attack. The person who ate the largest
amount of food for our lunch was Bell. In other words, Bell’s portion of the
food bill is the largest. Therefore, by using my position as Bell’s owner, I can
deal with an effective attack that makes it hard for her to block. In other
words, it’s the straight punch right after the diversionary jab... Now, what
will you do, Dr. Vier?

[...Miyama-kun had helped me a lot with the previous case. It’s a shame that I
can only repay you in this way, but I want to repay the favor in any way I can.]

[Guhh...]

T-That’s the card she’ll use here huh... Returning the favor certainly are very
powerful words. It’s probably the most powerful strike that Dr. Vier could have.
No half-hearted counterattack would work against this. Even if I replied with
“It’s not like I was looking for anything in return”, she would just cut me off
and say “Even if that’s the case, it’s still a fact that you saved me”. If I
tried to appeal how I’m more financially superior than her, she would just cut
me off with the words “I still want to thank you”, which would force me to fight
in a defensive battle. Damn it... she’s really tough!

[...If you’re going to say it like that, I’m the one who’s always being helped
by Dr. Vier. I learned a lot from you, and I was also grateful for giving me the
opportunity to travel with Lilia-san.]

I’ll just have to counterattack with the same counterattack she used, returning
the favor I received from her... It’s not as powerful as Dr. Vier’s words
earlier though. It’s more like a counter-defense. It’s safe to say that the
direction of this battle has now been decided. If I can survive Dr. Vier’s
attack, I have a chance to win. However, if she pushes me back here, it will be
my loss...

[I’m very happy that you feel that way, Miyama-kun. However, the fact that I was
able to reconcile with Kuromu-sama... makes the emotion of gratitude I had
greater than yours.]

[I was just the one who opened the opportunity for that to happen. It was Dr.
Vier’s own efforts that helped you reconcile with Kuro. What I did was just
something small.]

[That might be the case. But because I was unable to create that small
opportunity... That’s why I can’t express in words how grateful I am to
Miyama-kun for doing that for me.]

[I was just doing what I wanted. I was just acting on my selfishness, and I
wasn’t looking for anything in return.]

[...But that doesn’t change the fact that your selfishness saved me.]

[Guhh...]

It was a close battle, as if I was walking on thin ice... However, I was clearly
at a disadvantage. I was completely pushed back, and I was even forced to use a
response that I had just dismissed as useless. As if she had read my thoughts, a
grin appeared on Dr. Vier’s lips... This won’t do. I don’t have any cards to get
out of this situation?! I’m being pushed back...

[Yes, I received just the exact amount. Thank you for your patronage!]

[ [ ...Ehh? ] ]

[...You two, how long are you going to mess around? I’ve already paid the bill,
so let’s go.]

[ [ Eh? ] ]

...an ambush comes from the shadows. We never expected that a third party would
attack from the shadows. While Dr. Vier and I were fighting for the bill,
Neun-san, who had quickly paid the bill, called out to us, looking exasperated.

[It’s my treat.]

[ [ ...Ah, yes. T-Thank you for the food.] ]

Since she has already paid for it, it’s considered a defeat for Dr. Vier and I.
No matter how hard I struggle to fight back here, I can’t overturn it anymore...
Thanking Neun-san, Dr. Vier and I could only slump our shoulders in
disappointment. After staring at the back of Neun-san’s head as she walked out
of the store, I moved my gaze... and met eyes with Dr. Vier.

[...I guess... this is a draw huh.]

[Yes... Next time, I won’t lose.]

[Me too...]

[...Fufu.]

[...Ahaha.]

Before I knew it, Dr. Vier and I were firmly shaking hands. Recognizing each
other as a worthy rival, respect and admiration could be seen on the smiles on
our faces. There are things that only those who have crossed blades against each
other can understand... and there are also bonds that were firmly built after a
good fight.

I’ve thought of this before, Dr. Vier and I were indeed the same type of
person... And she was also a very powerful person. The battle was going against
my favor, but in the end, the first confrontation between Dr. Vier and I—ended
in a draw.

After lunch, we took a leisurely stroll around the festival to digest our meals.
Perhaps, because today’s festival allows large monsters to participate as pets,
the streets were made very wide and there was plenty of room to walk around with
Bell. With Lynn’s stomach filled, it seemed like she had become sleepy, as she
had burrowed into my clothes and was lightly snoring. She had slept really fast
huh. As we continued to leisurely look around the festival with no particular
purpose in mind, Dr. Vier seemed to have suddenly noticed something, as she
stopped, speaking as she looked to the right.

[...Aren’t those Lu-chan and the others?]

[...Eh? No, it’s too far away for me to see though.]

[It really is Duchess Lilia. It seems like she’s troubled with something.]

...No, even if Dr. Vier and Neun-san are able to see them, all I can see is just
that white mountain-like something in the distance, and a lot of people gathered
at its foot.

[Hmmm. Since we met them by chance, how about we go talk to them?]

[I agree.]

[Me too... I still couldn’t see where they are though, but I agree.]

I was also concerned about how Neun-san said “she looked troubled with
something”, so I agreed with Dr. Vier’s suggestion. Then, we turned back for a
bit, walking to where Lilia-san and the others were... apparently. As we got
closer and closer, I could finally see Lilia-san and the others. The trio of
Lilia-san, Luna-san and Sieg-san were in front of a white pile... of 10 cm cubic
boxes, which were literally piled up like a mountain. Just as Neun-san had said,
the three of them were discussing something with serious expressions on their
faces.

As we got closer, I could finally hear a little bit of what the three of them
were discussing.

[I think we should go on the offensive though...]

[Luna, you’re being irresponsible. Sure, the returns are great... but the risks
are also high... Aren’t they, Sieg?]

[...Yes. It’s quite concerning.]

I had gotten close enough to clearly hear what they were saying, but the three
of them didn’t seem to have noticed me, as if they were discussing something
very serious. How should I say this... They sound so serious that it’s kind of
making it difficult to approach them...

[Oooooiiii, Lu-chan, Lilia-chan, Sieg-chan\~\~]

[ [ [ Dr. Vier ?! ] ] ]

While I was thinking about such things, Dr. Vier intruded without any hesitation
at all, making the three of them turn to her in surprise.

[What a coincidence it is, meeting you all here. It seems like you’re discussing
something serious, is something the matter?]

As expected of Dr. Vier... She has a high-level communipower. I thought that my
communipower has been increasing these days, but seeing how she easily intruded
on their conversation made me realize how I’m still not high-level enough.
Hearing what Dr. Vier said with a bright smile, Lilia-san and the others almost
simultaneously pointed at the pile of white boxes behind them.

[...Unnn? Let’s see... “Six Kings Festival: Limited Edition Monster Lottery \~\~
One Try, One Gold Coin \~\~”]

[Yes, we’re discussing whether Sieg should try it out or not...]

As Dr. Vier read the sign in front of the pile of white boxes, Lilia-san began
explaining. Monster lottery... Ahh, I see, those white boxes are disposable
magic boxes just like those used in random boxes! Even so, there sure are lots
of them in there... I guess there are around thousands? No, around tens of
thousands? Moreover, it’s a million yen for one try... This gacha is bad
civilization.

[Whether Sieg-chan should?]

[Sieg actually wants to keep a monster...]

[Yes, but... Any monster that Sieg thinks is cute is beyond her budget... Milady
even offered to lend her some money, but Sieg wants to buy it with her own money
if it’s possible...]

Luna-san added additional information to Lilia-san’s explanation. When we met
this morning, Sieg-san was very enthusiastic about buying a monster, but it
seems that the price of a monster is so high that she couldn’t afford it.

[...And then, as we were looking around for a while, we stumbled upon this
lottery.]

[Monster lottery... I guess this means you can get a random monster here?]

[Yes, to be exact... You can apparently get a “monster egg”.]

[Eh? But I thought eggs were expensive...]

Hearing what Sieg-san muttered with a troubled expression on her face, I asked,
to which I received an unexpected reply.

[Yes, that’s right... That’s also the reason, I guess? After all, in this
Monster lottery... There are so many fail draws in it.]

[Fail draws?]

[You can also draw stuff that isn’t monster eggs here. There’s a chance that you
could draw a tool for raising a monster or a model of a monster... but the
chance that you could win an egg is about 10%.]

[Fumu...]

After listening to Sieg-san’s explanation, I nodded my head in understanding.
Considering that it’s a gacha, I guess you could say that having a 10% chance of
drawing an egg is already quite good but... Since it costs one gold coin for one
draw, it’s a pretty expensive lottery... and with the money Sieg-san had
prepared, she could only draw for about three times. Thereupon, Neun-san, who
hadn’t participated in the conversation up to this point, spoke while staring at
the pile of white boxes.

[...Since it’s a lottery... Does that mean that the prize is a pretty good
monster?]

[Yes... the special prize is the “Rainbow Dragon”, which is said to be the most
beautiful dragon there is!]

[Eeeehhhh?! A-A rainbow dragon? T-That’s amazing...]

[Yes. The first prize is also a “Black Metal Dragon”, while the second prize is
a “Graptail”!]

[...I guess it’s to be expected from a festival sponsored by Magnawell-sama
huh.]

...Unnn, if Lilia-san is excitedly talking about them, I guess they must be
pretty awesome monsters. Dr. Vier and Neun-san also seemed to be surprised.
However, their reactions didn’t really manage to convey how awesome they were to
the clueless me. At that moment, Luna-san approached, as if she had noticed I
was clueless about what they were talking about.

[To put it simply, the Rainbow Dragon is a rare dragon. It is said that there
are only about “5 Rainbow Dragons left in the world”, making them incredibly
expensive... It’s unlikely that they would be sold anywhere, but supposing that
it really happened, their price would easily exceed “1000 white gold coins”.]

[T-They’re that expensive...]

[A Rainbow Dragon’s tail produces the “Rainbow Diamond”, which is even called
“The Supreme Gem”. It takes about a year for a Rainbow Dragon to produce one
again after it is collected... Which would make it easy for you to earn that
1000 white gold coins you may have used to buy this Rainbow Dragon.]

[I-I see...]

[To be honest, I’m also surprised... An egg of a Rainbow Dragon... You can’t
even call that rare anymore.]

Hmmm, it seems to be a pretty awesome prize. So, that’s why so many people are
trying to draw the lottery... No matter where you are in the world, gacha is bad
civilization. As I thought about this, Lilia-san and Sieg-san looked troubled
again.

[...If we’re going to draw the lottery, even with Sieg’s budget... It’s not
impossible to get a dragon. But if we just draw fails...]

[Hmmm. That certainly is concerning. There are so many boxes there... “Unless
you have a large amount of luck”, you ca... Arehh?]

[ [ [ [ ...Luck? ] ] ] ]

[...Ehh?]

Right after Dr. Vier muttered with a troubled look on her face... All eyes
focused on me.

[...What do you think, Luna?]

[We’re well aware that Miyama-sama’s luck is on an inhuman level.]

[Indeed, if it’s Miyama-kun... There’s a really high chance that you could draw
a jackpot, right?]

[Yes, I also think that if it’s Kaito-san, he should be able to do it...]

[...Eh? No, errr...]

Arehh? Could it be... No, they can’t be planning to have me draw the lottery for
them, right? N-No, no, having me do this brings me too much pressure, don’t you
think?! I mean, if I draw a fail, I may end up destroying Sieg-san... As I was
feeling bewildered, Sieg-san came in front of me and deeply bowed, holding out
three gold coins.

[...Please, Kaito-san... Please... lend me your strength.]

[...L-Leave it to me.]

...It was a wish of a cute girl. It would be a shame for a man not to respond
here. U-Unnn. Worst case scenario, in the situation where I draw a fail... I
will draw additional tries out of my own pocket. Now then, a mountain of small
boxes towers in front of me... If someone pulls out a box, making this mountain
crumble, it might cause an avalanche, so will that be okay? No, well, it’s the
Six Kings Festival, so I guess they may have some magic protection or something
like that? Now then, in this kind of lottery, I tend to look at things in a
different perspective. I think the boxes in the center of this huge pile, those
that were out of my reach, would be the jackpots...

However, it seems that this Monster lottery is supervised by Magnawell-san, so
it might be possible that the placement was completely random. So, there’s a
chance that anyone could get the special prize... Well, out of these tens of
thousands... or perhaps, hundreds of thousands, there’s only one special prize.
I’m after the 10% of this mountain... The boxes with a Monster egg in it. If
possible, I’d like to draw something that would make Sieg-san happy but...

Feeling Lilia-san and the others’ eyes on my back, I approached the pile of
boxes. The contents of these boxes are completely random, and the weight of the
boxes doesn’t differ from one another because they’re placed in random boxes. In
this case, the act of picking out and trying to feel which box to choose is
pointless. In this kind of situation, I shouldn’t think about anything else and
just go with it... Alright, let’s go with this!

Taking one of the boxes for the time being, I showed it to one of the attendants
who was positioned around the pile of boxes. The attendant held something that
looked like a magic tool in her hand, and when she pointed it at me, the word
“1” appeared on it. I guess that’s something like an anti-fraud magic tool. Was
it detecting the number of their random boxes I hold? Anyway, I handed a single
gold coin to the attendant and headed to the place where Lilia-san and the
others were. Sieg-san’s budget is three gold coins... This means that I will
have three chances to win a jackpot from the lottery, but I don’t really want to
win three eggs, so I’m going to take them one at a time to see what’s inside. It
may just be wishful thinking, but if I win a Monster Egg with just one draw, she
will have two gold coins left, and considering that raising a monster would also
require money, I think it would probably be better if I somehow was able to draw
a monster with one try.

[...Thank you for waiting. Here you go, Sieg-san.]

[Y-Yes.]

After nervously taking the random box I held out to her, Sieg-san closed her
eyes and took a deep breath. Although my sense of money has become numb these
days, a single gold cold is most probably quite a large sum of money for
Sieg-san. She had been dreaming of having a monster someday, and had been
steadily saving up for it, so it was natural for her to be nervous.

[W-Well then, I will open it.]

After taking a deep breath for about 10 seconds, Sieg-san looked around, nodding
towards Lilia-san and the others. She then placed the random box on the ground
and lightly touched it with her hand. Thereupon, a blinding light is emitted
from the random box, and when it subsides... in its place, a giant egg of about
1-meter diameter appears.

[Milady! This is...]

[Yes, with the egg’s size, I can’t be mistaken! This is the egg of a
“large-sized monster”!]

According to Luna-san and Lilia-san’s excited responses, it seemed that this
Monster egg belonged to a large-sized monster. Large-sized monsters are
basically more expensive than small-sized monsters. Incidentally, Dragons are
almost always classified as large-sized monsters, so it’s possible that this egg
could be the egg of a dragon... It’s no wonder that Lilia-san got pretty
excited.

[Kaito-san, thank you! Thank you very much!!! I’ll be sure to return this
favor.]

[N-No, please don’t worry about it.]

I was rather relieved that I was able to draw a Monster egg. Now, all I need to
do is watch if the egg hatches a monster that Sieg-san would like...

[W-Well then, what’s next... would be making it “hatch” huh.]

[Eh? Hatch? Is it possible to quickly make it hatch?]

[Ahh, that’s right, Miyama-kun didn’t know about it huh. The eggs of monsters
are a little special, as they hatch when magic power is poured into them. And
they recognize the person who had imbued magic power into their egg as their
parent. Incidentally, for those who can’t use magic, there are also incubation
magic tools for such matters.]

[...I see.]

[Well, there are also some monsters like Bell-chan... Behemoths, that don’t
hatch from eggs.]

Dr. Vier gave a simple explanation to the clueless me. They recognize the person
who poured magic power into their egg as their parent huh... I see, that must be
why Monster eggs are so popular and were said to be easier to raise...

Nodding my head in understanding, Sieg-san touched the egg. Drawing the
attention of not only Lilia-san and the others, but even the people around us,
the egg into which Sieg-san’s magic power was poured emitted light several
times, before the shell began to crack. A few moments later, a 70cm “dragon”
emerged from the egg, slowly spreading its wings. Having a body as black as the
night sky, and a mane that shines like an emerald... Its wings spread out in a
deep, dark “rainbow” color... Combined with its black body, the dragon looked as
beautiful as the aurora borealis.

...Could that dragon be...

[M-M-M-Milady?! C-C-C-Could this be?!]

[Y-Yes... No, I’ve personally never seen the real thing because they’re too
rare... but books say that a Rainbow Dragon is a dragon with “rainbow-colored
wings”...]

It really is the special prize, the Rainbow Dragon?! S-Seriously...

[...You’re mistaken.]

[ [ [ [ [ Eh? ] ] ] ] ]

I thought I had really drawn the Rainbow Dragon when I heard Luna-san and
Lilia-san’s words, but immediately after, Dr. Vier, with a serious expression on
her face, muttered that we were mistaken.

[...Eh? Dr. Vier... I don’t really know much about them, but isn’t this a
Rainbow Dragon?]

[...N-No, it is indeed a Rainbow Dragon. However, ummm... Rainbow Dragons
usually have a “white body”. Also, the color of their wing membranes wasn’t as
dark and clear as this...]

[...T-That means?]

[...It’s just a guess but... that child is probably “the never-before-seen
Special Individual among the Rainbow Dragons”...]

[ [ [ [ [ Eeeehhhh?! ] ] ] ] ]

The first ever Rainbow Dragon Special Individual... I didn’t expect such a thing
to appear, and upon hearing Dr. Vier’s words, all of us completely stiffened. In
the midst of all this, the Rainbow Dragon, after emerging from its egg, slowly
approached Sieg-san. Seeing its movement, Sieg-san gently reached out her hand,
to which Rainbow Dragon began fawning upon her, rubbing its face against
Sieg-san’s hand.

[...S-She’s so cute...]

It seems that the Rainbow Dragon’s cuteness won out over Sieg-san’s surprise at
her existence, and she picked up the Rainbow Dragon, her lips loosening up to a
smile. The Rainbow Dragon didn’t put up any particular resistance, and just
quietly nestled within Sieg-san’s embrace.

[...She doesn’t squeal at all huh.]

[Rainbow Dragons were originally very quiet dragons. They rarely squeal, and
don’t cause any trouble unless they are harmed first. That’s why the diamonds in
their tails could be mined.]

As Dr. Vier gave an explanation in response to my mutters, Lilia-san and the
others gradually began to recover from their astonishment.

[Sieg... Isn’t that child hungry?]

[Ahh, you’re right... Errr, Dr. Vier, what do Rainbow Dragons eat?]

[They are omnivores, so they basically eat everything.]

Hearing Lilia-san’s words, Sieg-san consulted with Dr. Vier, before taking out
some food that she must have prepared beforehand. She then brought it close to
the Rainbow Dragon, which stretched out her neck and began to eat it.

[...It’s so cuuuuteee...]

It seems like the Rainbow Dragon’s appearance was to her liking. I’m glad to see
that Sieg-san became happy.

[Ummm, everyone... Wouldn’t it be better if we left this place already?]

At that moment, Neun-san spoke to us, sounding somewhat flustered. Hearing her
words, all of us looked around... And saw a ridiculous number of people with
glaringly shining eyes directed at us. The first ever Rainbow Dragon Special
Individual... Anyone would think that its value would probably be immeasurable.
So, of course, there are lots of people who would try to negotiate with us to
sell it to them...

It seems like the situation is becoming troublesome... Can we even escape here?
If the situation requires it, we could use my Teleportation magic tool...

“Hoohhh... I’ve never seen a Rainbow Dragon Special Individual before.”

Thereupon, as if to crush that atmosphere, a heavy and majestic voice resounded.
The owner of the voice was, of course, the King of Dragons... Magnawell-san.

“Young girl who became the master of the Rainbow Dragon... What is your name?”

[Eh? Ahh... I-I’m Sieglinde!]

“Umu, I’ll remember it. All dragons are my family... I hope you raise her well.”

[Y-Yes! I’ll take good care of her!]

“Umu... There are fools who target Rainbow Dragons because they are rare or
those who are asking for their gems, I dare you to cause trouble and incur my
wrath... Though I’m sure there wouldn’t be such fools here. You can raise them
in peace.”

[Yes!]

I see, Magnawell-san called out to us to restrain the others... The Rainbow
Dragon Special Individual is extremely rare, so it wouldn’t be a surprise that
some people would go after us. They might try to buy the Rainbow Dragon for a
pile of money, or even use their authority to pressure Sieg-san to part with her
because she is a commoner. Of course, if that happens, I’m going to do
everything in my power to protect Sieg-san... but I don’t think that will be
necessary anymore. After all, to summarize what Magnawell-san just said, “If
they bother Sieg-san, the master of the Rainbow Dragon, or try to take the
Rainbow Dragon, he won’t forgive them”.

“If I’m not mistaken... You are Miyama Kaito’s lover, aren’t you?”

[Eh? Ah, yes. That’s right.]

“I see. Then, I, as well as the other members of the Six Kings, am on your side.
If you have any problems, you can always come to us.”

[Y-Yes! I-It’s my honor.]

And then, he ended it by making sure that Sieg-san herself wouldn’t be messed
with... As expected of the reliable king Magnawell-san. As for my name being
mentioned as if it’s a matter of course... Well, this will be useful to protect
Sieg-san, so I’ll put up with the embarrassment. Anyway, I was thinking that
this would end everything... After finishing her meal, the Rainbow Dragon moved
her tail and touched Sieg-san’s hand.

[Unnn? What’s the mat—Eh?]

As her tail circled around Sieg-san’s palm, a black and incredibly beautiful gem
appeared on the tip of its tail. Even though it was black, the gem was
translucent, and rainbow-colored light could be seen glowing from within. It was
like a rainbow in the night sky... I’m not very knowledgeable about gems, but I
could tell that it was a very expensive gem.

[...Y-You’re giving me this?]

[...]

When Sieg-san asked, looking like she was at a loss, the Rainbow Dragon silently
nodded.

[...I see, so this is how Rainbow Dragons are made huh.]

[No, you’re wrong, Rainbow Dragons... They usually take a year for them to
slowly build up the gem in their tail... They can’t make a Rainbow Diamond like
that in an instant. In addition, the rainbow colors of this gem are much clearer
than those of ordinary Rainbow Diamonds...]

[...Eh?]

[I knew that since she’s a Special Individual, she would have abilities that
were different from the normal ones in some way but... perhaps, this child... It
might be possible for her to “create gems as much as she wants”...]

[ [ [ [ [ Eeeehhhhh?! ] ] ] ] ]

Hearing the words Dr. Vier muttered with a shuddering expression on her face, we
screamed in surprise again. The Black Bear has the power to command all of their
kind, while Bell has the power to manipulate black lightning... Special
Individuals have abilities that normal individuals do not have. And it seems
like it was also the same case for Sieg-san’s Rainbow Dragon—She had an
astonishing ability.

After finding out that Sieg-san’s Rainbow Dragon can instantly create jewels
that would normally take a year to produce, we hurriedly left the lottery venue.
Thanks to Magnawell-san’s restraint, no one tried to mess with us, but we were
still uncomfortable with all the attention. As expected, there was no one
chasing us because of what Magnawell-san said. Then, at a plaza located at a
reasonable distance from the lottery venue, we resumed our conversation about
the Rainbow Dragon.

[So, Dr. Vier. Does that Rainbow Dragon really have the power to create as many
jewels as it wants?]

[Hmmm, I think so. It can create a jewel at such a high speed after all. How
about we try asking her to make another one?]

[...I see, then, Sieg-san.]

After exchanging words with serious expressions on our faces, I turned towards
Sieg-san, planning to ask Sieg-san to try asking the Rainbow Dragon for us.

[...Is it good? Eat well and you’ll grow up.]

[...]

[I wonder what I should name you? I can’t choose\~\~]

[...Come now, Sieg. I understand that your pet is so cute that you couldn’t take
your attention away, but I’d like it if you listen to us now.]

[Wha?! I-I’m sorry, I just...]

Sieg-san, who had a big smile on her face while feeding the Rainbow Dragon, came
back to her senses when she heard Lilia-san’s voice. Unnn, she had always wanted
to have a pet after all... The animal-loving Sieg-san probably couldn’t hold
back the happiness she was feeling. Even as she replied to Lilia-san, one of her
hands kept on stroking the Rainbow Dragon’s head...

[...Haahhh... Anyway, Sieg. We need to verify something, so please ask that
child if she could make that jewel again.]

[I understand... Errr, can you make something like this again?]

[...]

Following Lilia-san’s request, Sieg-san crouched down in front of the Rainbow
Dragon and gently asked. Just like before, the Rainbow Dragon didn’t let out a
cry but... After nodding once, she started to create a black jewel on her tail
again. It seems like the Rainbow Dragon really has the special ability to create
black jewels at will, just as Dr. Vier had thought. Sieg-san takes the jewel
from the Rainbow Dragon and hands it to Lilia-san. Receiving the jewel,
Lilia-san stared at the jewel from various angles.

[...Milady, what do you think would be its approximate value?]

[...No, I’m sure that it’s a great piece of jewelry but...]

Hearing Luna-san’s words, Lilia-san took her gaze off the jewel and shook her
head. Even though Lilia-san is a noble, she wouldn’t know the value of a jewel
that was first discovered in the world.

[Hmmm... Alice, you there?]

[Yes, yes, you want me to examine that jewel?]

[Unnn, I’m counting on you.]

To be honest, I don’t know much about jewelry either, so after seeing that Dr.
Vier and Neun-san looked like they were having difficulty judging it
themselves... I decided to consult the knowledgeable Alice. Receiving the jewel
from Lilia-san, Alice lightly tapped it with her fingers, seemingly checking its
texture.

[...It’s pretty hard. About as hard as Adamantite... No, about as hard as
Orichalcon... And with this color... Sieg-san, you mind if I cut this?]

[Eh? Ah, no, feel free.]

[Then, if you’ll excuse me... Yoishoo\~\~]

After getting permission from Sieg-san, Alice held out a knife in her hand. The
next moment, Alice’s hand glows... and in an instant, a beautiful black diamond
is revealed. Hmmm, it already looks beautiful in its raw jewel form, but it’s
even more beautiful when it has been cut. It was as if the night sky had been
trapped within that diamond.

[...With this size, 80 white gold coins if it’s unprocessed... It’s quite hard,
so it would take a lot of time for others to process, so a processed one would
be around 100 white gold coins?]

[O-One hundwed?!]

An unprocessed one costs 800 million yen... and a processed one would be a
billion yen. Moreover, the diamond that Alice was now holding in her hand was
quite small. Probably because the Rainbow Dragon’s body is still small. This
means that... as the Rainbow Dragon grows, the value of her jewels will
increase.

[...I’d like to research it some more though. Sieg-san, do you mind selling this
one to me? Even though I’m the one who processed it, I’ll buy it for 100 white
gold coins.]

[...Y... es?]

[Thank you. Here’s 100 white gold coins.]

[...Ehh? Ah... eh?]

[Well then, I’ve finished my business here, so I’ll be going now\~\~]

[...]

Alice quickly handed a cloth bag containing 100 white gold coins to the stunned
Sieg-san, who looked like she couldn’t keep up with what’s happening, before
disappearing. Sieg-san stayed frozen like that for a moment... before she
started slightly trembling.

[...W-White gold coins? White gold coins... That coin that had that’s equivalent
to 10 gold coins... and having 100 of that... having 100 white gold coins...
even just one white gold coin is...]

[S-Sieg-san?]

[Sieg, p-please calm down! Compose yourself!]

[White... gold... coins? ...Kyuuu\~\~]

[Sieg-san?!]

Sieg-san is a commoner who had never associated with anything that required her
to use white gold coins. She saved up three gold coins to buy a monster. She
saved up the money from her daily wages, and over those years, she accumulated
three gold coins. She had saved up 3 million yen to buy a monster, and she
thought that she already won after winning a pet that she had always wanted from
a million-yen-lottery... A billion yen was suddenly handed to her. The shocking
turn of events seemed to have caused her an unusual amount of confusion... and
Sieg-san fainted.

Dear Mom, Dad— My surroundings were rather abnormal, and I myself had quite a
bit of money, so my sense of money was paralyzed but... In a way, Sieg-san’s
reaction is the most normal. How should I say this... Sieg-san—Will she be okay
after this?

Sieg-san had unusually, or rather, I think this is the first time I’ve seen
Sieg-san fainted. According to Lilia-san, who Lunamaria-san dubbed as “the
Faintology Sommelier”, it seems that Sieg-san won’t wake up for a while. So,
Lilia-san said she would let her rest at the inn, so we parted ways here. Dr.
Vier offered to cast Resuscitation Magic on her, but Lilia-san refused, saying
that she needed time to calm down Sieg, who would probably wake up confused, and
that we should just leave her to them, Sieg-san’s best friends. As her lover, I
wanted to accompany Sieg-san, but I gave up when Luna-san told me that Sieg-san
wouldn’t want to be seen in a confused state, and that I should visit her after
she had calmed down. I thought of helping them carry Sieg-san to their inn, but
decided against it when I saw Lilia-san easily carry the 170cm tall Sieg-san
with one hand. No matter how slender Sieg-san is, for Lilia-san to easily carry
her...

Anyway, Lilia-san was also carrying the Rainbow Dragon in her other hand. She
looked like she was about to break into a grin, but that was probably just the
fault of the light or something like that.

[Well, let’s just leave Sieg-chan to Lilia-chan and Lu-chan. Let’s take a look
around the festival again.]

[...You’re right.]

[Yes... Vier, something just occurred to me. You unusually haven’t made many
mistakes today because of your klutziness huh?]

As we were talking while moving around , Neun-san spoke, looking surprised. Now
that she mentioned it, indeed... Dr. Vier hasn’t tripped today huh. After
hearing those words, Dr. Vier turned to us, still walking forward, and gave us a
thumbs up...

[Fufufu, even I am growing up every day. Yep, yep, klutzy Vier is no more...]

[Dr. Vier?! In front of you, there’s a signboard!]

[Eh? —Migyaaahhh?!]

...Her face hitting on the signboard of a food stall, she fell. Her recovery
from such an appearance was quite splendid.

[Oucchhhh...]

[Dr. Vier? A-Are you alright?]

[U-Unnn... My clothes got a bit dirty, but this much isn’t anything to worry
about.]

I rushed over to her, feeling concerned, but Dr. Vier didn’t seem to be hurt
that much, getting up with a wry smile.

[Ahaha, I fell down again huh.]

[...Don’t you “I fell down again” me. Do you not understand that falling due to
your inattention to the road ahead... is a disgraceful sight to behold?]

[ ! ? ]

As Dr. Vier muttered with a wry smile... I heard a quiet but incredibly
intimidating voice that made the atmosphere tremble. Hearing that voice, the
smile on Dr. Vier’s face instantly disappeared, and for some reason, Neun-san
also turned pale, profusely sweating where she stood. The voice came from behind
me. Dr. Vier and Neun-san, who were facing me, could see the owner of the voice,
but I could not. Just before I was about to turn around to check who it was...
Dr. Vier turned on her heel and started running away at a very fast speed... is
what I thought, but I suddenly saw her “sitting in a seiza”. Moreover, the
ground around Dr. Vier seems to be slightly dented, and Dr. Vier has a look of
agony on her face. It’s just a guess but... Could it be that Dr. Vier is being
brought down by a large amount of gravity?

Slowly walking up to Dr. Vier was a woman I had never seen before. She had dark
green evenly-trimmed short bob hair. Her red eyes looked sharp. Dressed in a
trouser suit-like outfit, matched with a neatly arranged necktie, she looked
like a capable career woman. Her hands were covered with white gloves, making
her somewhat look like a woman cosplaying as a butler. I think she’s around
160cm tall? The atmosphere around her... It was as if she’s as sharp as a
polished blade.

As the woman walked up to Dr. Vier, her voice quietly resounded.

[...Where do you think you’re going, Vier?]

[S-S-S-S-“Sister Zwei”... W-W-W-Why a-are you... W-What about your work...]

[I’m the one asking questions here... Well, fine. I had some time to spare, so I
thought I’d pay Kuromu-sama a visit and express my greetings.]

[I-I-I-Is that so...]

[...I’m sad.]

[Hyiiihhh?!]

[A family member I haven’t seen in a long time is behaving in a manner
unbecoming as a member of Kuromu-sama’s family... Hey, Vier? I’ve warned you
many times before, haven’t I? That you should look ahead when you walk...]

[A-Awawawawa, t-t-t-that is...]

T-This person is... Zwei-san? I-I see, so that’s why Dr. Vier and Neun-san were
that afraid huh. I’m not the one she’s mad at, but I can’t help but straighten
up upon hearing her words. Reservedly speaking... She’s super scary.

[It seems like I need to teach you once again what it means to be a part of
Kuromu-sama’s family, don’t you think?]

[Hyyiiiiiihhhh...]

Hearing Zwei-san’s incredibly intimidating words, Dr. Vier looked like she was
about to cry.

[Listen here, okay? To begin with, us subordinates of the Six Kings need to
kno—Oya?]

[...Ehh?]

In the midst of what seemed to be the start of the long sermon that I heard from
Dr. Vier and Neun-san, Zwei-san stopped in her speech midway... and her gaze was
directed at me. S-She’s kind of glaring hard at me now, you know?! Eh? W-Why?!
Did I do something wrong?

[...If I’m not mistaken... You are Miyama Kaito-san, right?]

[Eh, ah, yes! Nice to meet you, I’m Miyama Kaito!]

As her sharp eyes stared at me, I said my name with a posture that was
surprisingly beautiful even for me. Thereupon, with her sharp eyes kept focused
on me, Zwei-san left Dr. Vier’s side and walked in front of me. Then, she took
off the glove on her right hand and held it out to me, as if asking for a
handshake.

[My name is Zwei. Pleased to make your acquaintance...]

[Y-Yes... I-It’s nice to meet you.]

[It’s nice to meet you too.]

What the heck is going on... We were introducing ourselves and shaking hands,
which was supposed to be a peaceful scene. And yet... Why the heck does she keep
glaring at me with that displeased look on her face?! Standing here feels really
scary, you know?!

---

Zwei glared at Kaito with a look that seemed like she wanted to shoot him to
death. However, the thoughts she had within her mind were completely different
from her expression.

(H-He is the one... that had saved Kuromu-sama. T-The person I look up to...
Miyama Kaito-sama?! I-Isn’t he many times cooler than the one in his portraits?!
W-W-W-What should I do? E-Even though I haven’t planned on meeting him yet...)

Behind the cold, displeased look on her face, Zwei was in turmoil. She’d come to
the Six Kings Festival to express her greetings to Kuromueina. Seeing her family
on the road, she approached, only thinking about warning them... but she
completely didn’t expect to run into Kaito here.

(I was supposed to meet him with a souvenir or two, clad in new clothes...
W-What a blunder. As my job requires me to meet a lot of people, I’m sure I’m
well dressed enough not to be rude, but isn’t this clothing too unsuitable for
standing before Kaito-sama?! Ahh, if I knew that I would meet him today, I would
have worn my “new perfume”.)

As her mind was filled with thoughts opposite to her expression, Zwei firmly
shook hands with Kaito. “She even took off her white glove, which she rarely
takes off”...

(I touched Kaito-sama! Even though I feel like today’s my lucky day... T-This
won’t do. “I’m too nervous to speak properly”!)

Zwei’s piercing glare, her cold, displeased expression, and her indifferent
tone...

...But the fact of the matter is that... standing before Kaito, the person she
admires, she was just feeling nervous.

![Insert 2](../../_Images/v14/Insert2.png#.insert)

---

After Zwei-san, who suddenly appeared before us, shook my hand, she stared at me
with glaring eyes. She’s scary, freaking scary... What’s particularly
frightening is that “I can’t read her emotions with my Sympathy Magic”. Of
course, I know that my Sympathy Magic isn’t completely unrivaled. It won’t work
against Shiro-san and Eden-san, and someone like Alice could disguise her
surface emotions as she sees fit. As for Ein-san, Lillywood-san and Ozma-san,
there are times I can read them and times when I can’t... There must have been
some way that they could block my Sympathy Magic.

And Zwei-san, just like Shiro-san and Eden-san, is completely unreadable.
Moreover, unlike Shiro-san and Eden-san, she was glaring at me as if she wanted
to shoot my head off... She’s incredibly intimidating and unsettling.

[...]

As I was thinking about this, Zwei-san took her gaze off me and walked towards
Dr. Vier as if nothing had happened. She looked displeased with our
conversation, which really only consisted of a self-introduction... This might
be the first time I’ve met someone who had a cold reaction towards me in our
first meeting since Shea-san. Have I done something that made her dislike me?
S-Speaking of which... According to Dr. Vier and Neun-san, Zwei-san is very
strict regarding one’s appearance and etiquette, so it could be something
related to that. It’s possible that she’s frustrated because she can’t scold me
since I’m not part of Kuro’s family...

[Vier.]

[Y-Yes!]

[Be careful from now on so as not to harm Kuromu-sama’s dignity.]

[Yes! ...Eh?]

[Well then, I’ll be going to where Kuromu-sama is... so I’ll excuse myself here.
Miyama Kaito-san.]

[Eh? Ah, yes!]

After giving Dr. Vier a warning, Zwei-san sharply glared at me again.

[May we meet again. I would love to have a chance to talk with you at some
point.]

[...Yesh.]

With that look on your face as if you’re going to avenge your parents, what the
heck are you talking about?! T-There’s no way that you’re talking about talking
to me with your fists later, right... A-Also, that long sermon that Dr. Vier and
Neun-san were talking about... What happened to that? In front of the frightened
me, Zwei-san bowed, before she started leaving with a regular stride. As I
dumbfoundedly watched her back, Dr. Vier muttered something with an expression
of disbelief.

[...Sister Zwei... didn’t sermon us?]

[I-I can’t believe it either. If it was the usual Zwei-sama, she would have
given us a three-hour sermon... I can’t believe she let you off with only a
gentle warning...]

[...That’s what you’re surprised about?!]

If that’s gentle... How scary could she usually be? Then, I suddenly remembered
that my Sympathy Magic hadn’t worked on Zwei-san earlier, so I decided to ask
Dr. Vier, who seemed to know a lot about magic.

[...Speaking of which, Dr. Vier. I can’t read Zwei-san’s emotions at all with my
Sympathy Magic...]

[Unnn? Sympathy Magic?]

[Ahh, errr...]

Come to think of it, I hadn’t told Dr. Vier about my Sympathy Magic. So, after
giving a thorough explanation, I asked my earlier question again. Thereupon,
Vier-san didn’t seem to have particularly thought about it that much as she
readily replied.

[...Isn’t that simply because Zwei-san doesn’t “leak any magic power out of her
body”?]

[U-Unnn?]

[Errr, to put it simply... Miyama-kun’s Sympathy Magic reads emotions from the
faint traces of magic power emitted from others’ bodies. That’s why, you can’t
read the emotions of someone who has perfect control over their body and keeps
it inside their body... I could also do something like that, just like this...
See?]

[I-Indeed, I can’t read Dr. Vier’s emotions anymore.]

I see, so that’s why there were times when I could read Ein-san and
Lillywood-san’s emotions and times when I could not...

[This is one of the most difficult magic control techniques, but I think there
are only a few Demons who can do it... In battle, it’s very effective to prevent
your opponent from reading the flow of magic power.]

[I-I see...]

[Well, using it is quite tiring, so not many people stay in such a state all the
time. Shalltear-sama uses it when she’s going incognito. Meanwhile, Isis-sama’s
magic power is too powerful and it seems like she can’t completely control it?
Well, her magic power is more intimidating when she actually releases it... For
their dignity, it seems that Megiddo-sama and Magnawell-sama weren’t holding
back their magic power.]

[Fumufumu.]

Speaking of which, I hadn’t been aware of it before... I don’t think I could
read any emotion from Alice when she was out of sight.

[Sister Zwei is very strict with herself and with the others, so I think she’s
constantly training herself by staying in that state all the time. That’s why
Miyama-kun couldn’t read Sister Zwei’s emotions.]

[That makes sense. Thank you.]

Thinking about it again, I guess that makes sense. If there’s magic that can
read emotions, then there should be a way to block such magic. Even so, there
are many ways to use magic power, even in normal times huh—Magic really is quite
deep.

---

Moving with a regular stride, Zwei arrived at the Central Tower and was greeted
by Ein.

[It’s been a while, Zwei. Kuromu-sama is currently in a meeting, so you’ll have
to wait for a few moments...]

[Yes, Ein. I have no problem with it. I’m the one who came at an unexpected time
after all. I have plenty of time to spare, so I will wait.]

After politely exchanging words, Ein and Zwei moved together into the Central
Tower. On their way, Zwei stared at Ein with her sharp eyes before she quietly
muttered.

[I spoke with Kaito-sama just a moment ago.]

[...Fumu.]

[And I believe we have a matter that needs to be addressed immediately.]

[...What is it?]

[The “portraits” distributed to the members of Kaito-sama’s Fanclub... I know it
because I’ve seen him in person... I’m asking you, why is it that those
portraits “don’t even represent 1/100th of how wonderful Kaito-sama is”? I think
they need to be improved as soon as possible.]

Despite her nonchalant tone, Zwei’s voice was filled with strong passion. When
Ein heard her words, she quietly nodded and responded.

[I understand what you’re saying, and I agree with you. But unfortunately, it is
difficult to create a better portrait than that.]

[Kuhh... I see... So you’re saying that “a portrait can’t express Kaito-sama’s
nobility” huh?]

[That’s right.]

[...It’s a shame, but I guess we’ll just have to settle with this. When I met
him in person, I realized that his overflowing “grace” and “beauty”... is
something impossible to express even with modern art. The world has yet to catch
up with Kaito-sama...]

Zwei bit her lip, a look of deep regret on her face. If the person himself heard
about what they were talking about, they would have received a whole lot of
tsukkomis, but unfortunately, there is no one nearby who would do such a thing.

[...Putting that aside, how was it? What are your thoughts after talking with
Kaito-sama himself?]

[Let’s see, to put it simply... that person... isn’t he a bit too cool? “He had
eyes more beautiful than any jewel I’ve ever known”, “shimmering hair”, and “and
indomitable and dignified countenance”... He was so dazzling that “it was
difficult to take my eyes off him”.]

[I understand what you’re saying.]

Those were just her personal impressions. Incidentally, Zwei, who apparently
can’t take her eyes off Kaito, was just silently glaring at Kaito who was
nearby.

[I couldn’t stop my heart from beating too fast, and I was too nervous to speak
properly... Could it be... Is this what “falling in love” feels like?!]

[That must definitely be the case.]

[I-I knew it... I guess it was inevitable. There is no way that anyone can look
at Kaito-sama, “he who seems to have condensed the beauty of this world within
himself”, and not fall in love with him. Even I, a Magic Doll, can’t get the
image of Kaito-sama out of my mind.]

[It’s a path that all of us will take, but I must remind you that you must not
indulge yourself within that emotion too much. The both of us are “Single-Digit
members of Kaito-sama Adoration Association”. Be aware of this and act
accordingly.]

[I’ll keep that in mind. I will do my best so that I can also be “chosen by
Kaito-sama”.]

[As expected of Zwei... I guess I didn’t have to bother warning you huh.]

[No, it’s my gratitude to hear your warning.]

This might be repetitive... but no one is there to throw tsukkomis at them.

---

After the incident with Zwei-san was settled, we took a look around the festival
again. Even so, I’ve encountered a lot of people today huh... There were even
people who I’ve met for the first time, such as Fors-san and Zwei-san.

[They say that what happens twice will happen again for the third time... I have
a feeling that we’re going to run into someone again.]

[Hmmm, it’s normally rare to see someone you know in such a large venue
though\~\~]

[That is, well, I guess you could say that it’s to be expected from Kaito-san.]

[Kyuaahhh!]

[Oh, good morning, Lynn.]

[Kyuukuu\~\~]

When I was walking while conversing with Dr. Vier and Neun-san, Lynn, who had
been taking a nap inside my clothes, woke up. The way she peeked out her head
out of my clothes and yawned was very cute. Stroking Lynn’s head as we walked, I
suddenly heard someone call out to me.

[Oya? If it isn’t Miyama-dono, good afternoon... Even though meeting you here is
an accident, it’s my honor to meet you here.]

[...Ehh?]

...I know that I’ve raised a flag with what I said earlier, but isn’t this too
early? Seriously, I don’t know why the heck am I meeting my acquaintances in
such a large place... like this... Arehh? Surprised by the strange coincidence,
I turned in the direction of the voice... and found a guy that I’ve met for the
first time.

[...W-Who could you be?]

Standing before me is a good-looking man of about 2-meters tall, having long,
shiny black hair that was tied to a ponytail at the back of his neck. His skin
was tanned, and combined with his ripped muscles, he looked incredibly strong.
Seriously, who the heck is this? T-There’s no way that he’s another one that I
first met today, right? Cut me some slack... I’ve already had enough after
meeting Fors-san and Zwei-san today...

While thinking about this, I timidly asked the man who he is. Hearing my
question, he seemed to be thinking for a bit before he clapped his hands, as if
he had had some idea.

[...Ahh, speaking of which, you haven’t seen me in this form before. I’m
“Fafnir”.]

[Eh? Eeeehhhhh?! F-Fafnir-san?!]

Eh? This person is Fafnir-san? The same 100-meter tall gigantic dragon,
Fafnir-san?

[I’ve currently changed my form with “Humanization Magic”.]

[I-I see...]

Humanization Magic... Indeed, speaking of fantasy novels, that’s one of the most
standard magic. In fact, when I look at it like this, I’m astonished that that
humongous dragon can change so much.

[Ohh, it’s Fafnir. It’s been a while\~\~]

[If it isn’t Vier-dono, it’s been a while. I see Neun-dono is here too huh.]

[Yes, it’s been a while, Fafnir-sama.]

[Yes, I’m glad to see that Neun-dono is doing well.]

Fafnir-san greeted us with a polite greeting that I couldn’t have imagined from
a big, muscular, tanned man. This may sound rude, but there’s a huge gap between
his actions and his appearance. No, well, Fafnir-san was polite to begin with
but...

[...What are you doing here, Fafnir?]

[Me? Well, by Magnawell-sama’s orders, I am guiding people to the “Six Kings
Festival Special Monster Race” that lies ahead.]

[...Special Monster Race?]

[Yes, if I remember correctly, Miyama-dono have seen a Monster Race in the
Archlesia Empire, right? The Special Monster Race is a race that only gathers
“Monsters that have won their division or recorded excellent results during the
year”.]

...So, it’s like a battle between champions? That sounds pretty exciting.
However, I don’t know if it’s just my imagination or not... but I have a feeling
that I would know a certain someone who would present at that event. More
specifically, the clone of the idiot hidden behind me...

[It will definitely be a race worth watching, so if you have some time to spare,
please go check it out.]

[Ah, yes. Thank you.]

[No problem. Well then, I still have my duties to fulfill, so I will be ex...
Oya?]

[Kyuu?! Kyuii!!! Kyuukkukyuuaahhh!!!]

[L-Lynn?! What’s with you all of a sudden?]

Just as Fafnir-san was about to bow to us and go back to his work of guiding
nearby people, Lynn popped out of my clothes for some reason. Lynn seemed to be
shouting something at Fafnir-san, but not in a threatening way. Rather, it
seemed like she was asking something...

[If it isn’t Lindwurm. Fumu... It seems that “you have been following my
advice”, “eating food that is filled with magic power”. Your magic power is much
greater than before.]

[Kyuuk! Kyukyuuiii! Kyuruukukyuaahh!!!]

[I can understand your impatience... “but it’s still not enough”. That’s why,
you still can’t.]

[Kyuu... kuu...]

[You don’t have to be so discouraged. Your magic power is growing considerably
faster than I anticipated... You must be eating very good food. At the rate
you’re growing, you should be able to reach your required magic power in no
time.]

I can’t fully understand Lynn’s words, so I don’t know what she was saying to
Fafnir-san... but I could feel that she’s depressed through my Sympathy Magic.
Dejectedly lowering down her head, Lynn dove back into my clothes again.

[...Umm, Fafnir-san? Are you acquainted with Lynn?]

[Yes. We’ve spent some time together on the few days I was dispatched to help
with the Flying Dragon Services, before the time Miyama-dono brought her home.
As we are both Dragons, she had consulted something with me.]

[She consulted something? Could I ...]

[Kyukuu?! K-Kyukyuuii! Kyukuii!!!]

[Eh? L-Lynn?]

I was curious why Lynn became depressed, so I asked Fafnir-san, but immediately
afterwards, Lynn flusteredly popped out of my shirt and desperately started
shouting something. Hearing what Lynn was shouting, Fafnir-san chuckled with a
smile, before bowing down to me.

[Hahaha, my apologies, Miyama-dono. It seems that Lindwurm wants to keep it a
secret.]

[Is that so... Lynn, is it a secret?]

[Kyuii! Fyuuuu!]

[Alright, alright. I’m not going to ask again.]

I’m curious what they were talking about, but Lynn doesn’t seem like she wants
to talk about it, so I decided not to ask any more questions. Meanwhile, for
some reason, Fafnir-san just looked at us with gentle eyes.

Dear Mom, Dad—It seemed to me that there was a reason for Lynn constantly
craving the Fruits of the World Tree, other than it being her favorite food.
It’s not that I can’t imagine why, but well, for the time being— I’ll just wait
for Lynn to tell me.
