---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 6: Mother's Vestige

My mother was a short woman... and she was a very bad cook.

“G-Gununu... The kitchen is too high and difficult to use. Hah?! Maybe the
reason why my cooking isn’t turning well is because the kitchen doesn’t match my
height...”

“No, isn’t it because... Mother’s cooking is really sloppy?”

“Husband?”

“W-Well\~\~ I’m looking forward to dinner... Ahaha\~\~”

Moreover, it’s not just her cooking. How should I say this... Not only is she
clumsy, she’s also sometimes klutzy, so that’s why I think she often made
mistakes. However, she always had a bright smile on her face and she really
cared about me.

“Kaito! The athletic meet is coming soon, right? I’ll cheer for you a lot, okay?
Husband?”

“Yeah, leave the camera to me! I’ll buy the latest model with my bonus!!!”

“...Y-You can just... bring a normal camera, you know?”

I remembered how she and Dad used to match with each other in exaggerating
things... And about how she was more positive than anyone else... More hopeful
about the future than anyone else.

“...Mom. What’s in that notebook?”

“Fufufu, this notebook, you see. This is where I write down the dreams that I
want to fulfill.”

“Dreams you want to fulfill?”

“Unnn! You only live once, so I want my heart to be filled with dreams. Well, of
course I can’t make everything come true... but there are some of them that were
finally fulfilled.”

The notebook Mom used to carry around with her... After Mom died, it was
entrusted into my hands, and that was the first time I saw its content. Written
on that notebook were the numerous dreams that Mom had since she was a child,
and those that had come true were marked. There were dreams that didn’t come
true, such as “I want to be a stewardess”, and there were also dreams marked
with a flower circled upon it, such as “I want to have a wonderful love life”.
And the newest entry in the notebook... It was something along the lines of “I
want my darling Kaito to become a fine adult that I can be proud of (This will
definitely come true)”... When I saw it, tears welled up in my eyes.

Mom was always there to support me. Truly, she has always, always been
supporting me... That’s why I really love my Mom.

“...Mom, why are you supporting me that much?”

“Whoa there, I would obviously still scold Kaito when you’re doing something
wrong, you know? But if it isn’t anything wrong, there’s no reason not to
support my cute son.”

“...”

“There’s still a long way in Kaito’s life, so remember this. I will always
support you... I will always be your best ally forever... Understand?”

Mom always had my back. She would always, always be cheering for me...

Yes, even just before she passed away...

“Kai... to... Do your best... Help will... come soon... So... even if... it’s
just... you...”

That was... the last time I heard Mom’s voice in my fading consciousness.

---

[...to... Kaito?]

[Eh? Ahh... I-I’m sorry.]

[...Are you alright?]

[Y-Yes, I’m alright.]

[...But... you haven’t eaten... your ice cream... since a while ago.]

Seeing Isis-san looking at my face with concern, I finally came back to my
senses. The shock of seeing a woman who looked exactly like Mom was just so
great that I still haven’t been able to keep my mind off it.

[...Did something... happen?]

[...That is...]

[...I won’t force you... if you don’t want to tell me... but... if Kaito’s fine
with it... I’d like you to tell me.]

[...I don’t know if I can explain it well but...]

Isis-san looked genuinely worried about me, but unsure if it was alright for her
to step in. Looking at her expression, I felt a bit calmer. Thereupon, I began
to slowly speak about it. The situation that had just happened... Looking at it
from Isis-san’s perspective though, I’m going to talk about someone she hasn’t
seen and I had been keeping a secret about...

The story itself is simple. I saw someone who looked exactly like my dead
mother, and it shook me... That’s all there is to it. However, it’s difficult to
express the emotions swirling around me, after all, even I don’t have the answer
to this question...

[...I know... that she was a different person. But even so, the “what-ifs” were
just popping into my mind... That’s there’s a chance that this may have
happened... That perhaps...]

[...I think... that what you saw... is another person... Kaito’s mother... “died
in another world”...]

[...]

[...However... I don’t really know much... about raising the dead either... so I
think it would be better... to ask this to Kuromueina.]

[...Yes.]

I know that. There’s a strong possibility that it’s someone else... No, it’s
almost certainly the case... After all, if Mom had really come back to life, she
would have approached me there. But there’s a difference between knowing and
understanding... I just couldn’t get the thought of the possibility that my
mother was still alive out of my head. There was no way I could get an answer
just by thinking about it, but I still couldn’t help but think about it. As I
was feeling so helplessly shaken, my body was suddenly pulled... and I felt a
soft touch next to my face.

[...Eh?]

I immediately understood that Isis-san had pulled me close and held me to her
chest. The softness of her breasts, her slightly cool body, and her pleasant
scent that tickled my nostrils.

[...Kaito... look... at me.]

[...Isis-san?]

[...Unnn.]

When I raised my gaze as I was told, I found myself eye-to-eye with Isis-san,
who had a gentle expression on her face.

[...I’m not going to tell you... to forget about it... After all... I think this
is something... important to Kaito.]

[...]

[...However... You also shouldn’t think about it too much... That is... very
exhausting...]

[...Isis... -san?]

Hugging my head, Isis-san told me in a voice as soothing as a lullaby.

[...”I’m here”.]

[...Eh?]

[...Kaito... might not be able to see your mother... but Kaito... has me.]

[...]

[...I can’t... erase the feeling... of pain that Kaito is feeling... but... I
will always be with you... and I won’t... let Kaito feel lonely... Even in
painful times... I will always... be with you.]

That’s what I once said to Isis-san. I can’t erase all suffering, but I will
always be with her... Hugging Isis-san who was quivering in loneliness, I told
her that... And using her own words, Isis-san returned it back to me. I feel
warmth spreading in my chest. And then, I found myself hugging Isis-san with my
hand on her back.

[...That’s why... for now... I want you... to only look at me.]

[...Yes. Ummm, thank you. I guess I became a bit sensitive to what suddenly
occurred.]

[...I’m glad... that Kaito... is feeling better.]

[Yes... Errr, that’s why, ummm... if it’s not too much trouble, can we stay like
this for a bit longer?]

[...It’s fine with me... to spoil you... a whole lot though?]

[...Unnn... Thank you.]

After expressing my gratitude, I gently closed my eyes and entrusted my body to
Isis-san. Come to think of it, since I came to this world... Other than the
times when I was with Kuro, this might be the first time I’ve been pampered like
this, and the first time I’ve felt comfortable and relieved.

---

There are many stalls at the Six Kings Festival. They range from the standard
festival stalls to full-fledged restaurants. Most of the stalls are run by the
subordinates of the Six Kings, but invited guests can also set up their own
stalls if they apply in advance.

Elise, a High-ranking Demon, was also one of those who applied to open a store,
even though she wasn’t a subordinate of the Six Kings. She was recognized as a
High-ranking Demon due to the amount of magic power she had, but she isn’t a
Peerage-holder. She also doesn’t have any combat power at all, and has little to
do with the Six Kings. However, Elise has a talent for fortune-telling and
making magic tools, living a modest life while running a small shop. She had a
small connection with the Seditch Magic Tools Company, and through her
connection, she was invited to the Six Kings Festival. Since it was a great
opportunity, she applied to set up a stall for her specialty, fortune-telling,
and she was able to acquire it. To tell the truth, she also had a small ulterior
motive, hoping that she could use this opportunity to get acquainted with at
least a Count-rank.

She is just a timid person with no great ambition, but she still has a certain
amount of greed. You could even say that she’s a normal person. And she is
now... facing the biggest crisis in history.

[...I want you to read... our compatibility.]

[Yesh?!]

After recovering from the shock of seeing who looked like his mother, Kaito and
Isis were once again going around the festival. The two of them happened to see
Elise’s store and out of curiosity, decided to stop by.

(D-Death King-sama?! N-No way, t-the real one... No, she’s definitely the real
one?! My body hasn’t stopped shaking since a while ago... S-Scary...)

For an ordinary Demon like her, Isis was truly a symbol of fear, and just the
fact that she was in front of her greatly made her break out in cold sweat. And
unfortunately, because of her great amount of magic power, she can’t faint.

(W-W-W-Why is Death King-sama in my shop... T-The man she was together with...
C-Could he be that “rumored human”?! The human who received the affection of
Death King-sama... Ababababa...)

Although he isn’t aware of it, Kaito is also famous in his own right in the
Demon Realm. He has connections with the Six Kings, the pinnacle of the Demon
Realm, and is the only person in the Human Realm who had a Black-rank
invitation. To Elise, he is someone who has an extremely high social status.
However, Kaito didn’t seem to have much interest in using his Black-rank
invitation, which would give him free access to all facilities “if he presented
it”, so he paid for it as usual at the store and didn’t feel like presenting it
this time either. Half of the reason is that he was feeling sorry for receiving
services for free, while the other half is just because he doesn’t want to stand
out by presenting his Black-rank invitation. But then, he was already standing
out when he was together with Isis, but as clueless as Kaito is sometimes, he
didn’t notice that.

(R-Rumor has it that he’s someone who “Underworld King-sama had lost against”,
that “he took out over 100 Black Bears in an instant”, that “he overpowered War
King-sama’s subordinates”, that “he won against War King-sama in an upfront
battle”, and that “he beat Phantasmal King-sama into submission and made them
his subordinate”... He’s that rumored person?!)

They were rumors that would make the person himself hold his head in shame if he
had heard about it, but for the general Demon populace, their impression of
Kaito was roughly like this.

(R-Read their compatibility? The compatibility between the two of them? ...I-If
a bad result appears here... W-Wouldn’t I be killed here?!)

Of course, that’s not going to happen. However, Elise had completely lost
composure when she saw Kaito and Isis, who she viewed as beings as unreachable
as the heavens.

[...What kind of... fortune telling... is this?]

( ?! Death King-sama... doesn’t know about my fortune telling? I-If so, I might
be able to work things out! N-No matter what result appears, if I just say “it’s
the best match”...)

[Errr, according to the guidebook, she’s using cards to tell the fortune. Errr,
for her to tell the compatibility of two people... Both persons would be drawing
four cards, starting with the female, and then, she would be reading our fortune
depending on the pattern and the order in which they appear. All the
combinations are also listed here.]

(Why the heck are you talking about unnecessary things, Human-san?! Or rather,
what is with that guidebook? That thing is also talking about the combinations?
I-I kinda want a book like that too... Wait, that’s not what matters now!
W-W-W-What should I do now?!)

Even the faintest glimmer of light was shattered by Kaito, and Elise, with
trembling hands, took out the cards used for fortune telling and divided them
into two piles. For a moment, she thought about cheating and adjusting the
design of the cards, but she wasn’t confident that she could fool their eyes,
and thus, Elise was left with no choice but to tell the fortune as usual.

[...W-Well then, D-Death King-sama... P-Please draw four cards...]

(In this situation, I don’t have any choice but to pray! Please, God of
Creations-sama, I’m begging you. Please give her a good result.)

[...Alright.]

Elise’s compatibility reading is done with a deck of 28 cards, which consists of
four of each of the seven types of cards: heart, sword, sun, moon, star, flower
and crown. The result depends on the combination of the patterns that appeared
and the order the cards appeared.

(I’m begging you. Please draw hearts! If it starts with a heart, most of it
would end with good results...)

[...Moon...]

(Unyaaahhh?! M-Moon?! The result shouldn’t have started with a moon! That would
pretty much lead you to a bad result...)

[...Star... Sword... Moon...?]

(...I’m done for. It’s the worst possible combination and order... If the female
side had such a result, unless the male side draws “four hearts”, it can only
lead to a bad compatibility. There’s no way he could draw four hearts in a row
from a 24-card deck.)

The cards that Isis drew had only one pattern that would lead them to a “best
compatibility”, and the rest of the combinations and orders would only lead to a
bad compatibility. With an expression that looked as if her soul was deprived of
her body, Elise absentmindedly looked towards the next person who would draw
cards.

[...It’s Kaito’s... turn.]

(...I guess this is where I die huh. Even though there were still things I
wanted to do, food I wanted to eat... I know that I got a bit greedy. I was
hoping to make a connection with a famous person... However, for it to become
like this...)

[Ah, yes... Errr, a heart huh. The next one is... arehh? A heart again. The
third one is also a heart? ...The fourth one too? That’s quite unusual, isn’t
it? It was all hearts.]

[Seriously?!]

[Hyeh?! Ah, y-yes.]

Elise, who had absentmindedly given up on her life, instantly came back to her
senses when she saw the cards that Kaito had drawn, and suddenly brought her
face closer. Astonished at her sudden change in expression, Kaito nodded... to
which, Elise’s shoulders slightly trembled and clenching her fist, she
exclaimed.

[It’s the best! It’s the best combination! The compatibility between you two
couldn’t be more perfect! You’re so compatible with each other, as if the red
strings of fate were bundled up with each other!!!]

[R-Really?]

[Yes, you are the best couple ever!!!]

[...Best couple... with Kaito... I’m so happy.]

Thanks to the best result in the form of a great comeback, Isis-san happily
smiled from the bottom of her heart and affectionately grasped Kaito’s hand.
Seeing such an Isis, Kaito looked a bit embarrassed, but he squeezed her hand
back, and the sweet atmosphere unique to lovers began to form around them.

[...Thank you... Here... the fee.]

[Ah, yes... wait, Death King-sama?! This is... a white gold coin?!]

[...You can... keep the change.]

[Eh? N-No, errr... Yes.]

After handing the white gold coin to Elise with a really happy smile on her
lips, Kaito and Isis harmoniously left her shop. After absentmindedly seeing her
off, Elise let out a big... a really big sigh.

[Haaaahhh\~\~ ...T-Thank goodness. I didn’t get killed...]

Incidentally, even if the results were bad, she wouldn’t have been killed. It
was just a misunderstanding on her part. However, there’s something that the
relieved Elise didn’t know yet. That after hearing about Isis’ compatibility
with Kaito, the Underworld King and the Phantasmal King would also come to her
shop together with Kaito...

---

Although there was a little incident on the way, Isis-san and I, who had
thoroughly enjoyed the fourth day of the Festival, came to see the fireworks
that would be held at the end of the fourth day. Moving to a small hill
overlooking the festival which was specially prepared by Isis-san, the organizer
of the event, we sat down side by side. There seemed to be “a certain flower”
planted all over the hill, and I could see it clearly even though it was getting
darker. The flowers, with their clear blue crystalline petals, make me feel
nostalgic and seem more appropriate for this occasion than any other.

[...Kaito... Do you remember... this flower?]

[Yes, it’s the flower that Isis-san gave me when we first met... Blue Crystal
Flower, right?]

[...Unnn... It’s the flower that represents... my memories together with
Kaito...]

[I guess it really is.]

The blue crystal flower that Isis-san gave me is carefully displayed in my room.
I guess it’s just as she said, the flower is the first thing that represents my
memories together with Isis-san. I know that it happened not that long ago, but
it feels like it happened a long time ago. I even feel as if I’ve been with
Isis-san for years now. I wonder when did it start? When did I start feeling at
ease when I was with Isis-san? When did I feel like each of her gestures became
so unbearably endearing...?

With each passing memory, her presence in me grows larger and more endearing.
It’s as if her loveliness held no limits...

[...I’ve... always... hated this world... and myself.]

[...Eh?]

As I was thinking about this, Isis-san muttered, as if she was talking to
herself, to which, I turned towards her.

[...The world... hasn’t been kind to me... I keep... scaring other people
away... and that’s why... I’ve always... always... hated this world.]

[...]

[...Why was it... that I was even born? ...Why was it... that the magic power of
death... dwells within me? ...I thought about it... over... and over again.]

I can somehow understand the feeling of hating oneself, even if what I felt was
comparatively smaller than hers. I hated myself for always making some gentle
excuses to run away, never being able to change myself. However, I guess you
could say that this is the difference between dreams and reality? I’ve
continuously suffered from my own weak-mindedness for close to a decade. Even
after all that time though, I still helplessly suffered. I remembered the time
when I thought that my existence wasn’t necessary, and how painful and
freezingly cold it was within my heart.

She had suffered the same, or perhaps even greater suffering than I did, for
what she had experienced is something that occurred because of a special
characteristic she had since birth and not something that she could just run
away from. How many years have Isis-san endured a life like that? Thousands of
years? Tens of thousands of years? It’s easy to put it into words, but I, a mere
human being, can’t understand the weight of the suffering she felt.

[...But now... it’s different... I’ve met Kaito... and I’ve come to love... this
world... that I thought I knew... and this me... that loves Kaito.]

[...Isis-san.]

[...Unlike Fate... I can’t see... things like fate... However... If fate really
exists... I’m sure... that I’m born... to meet Kaito.]

Slowly weaving her sentences, Isis-san put more feelings than she could express
into each word. Her words sounded like a song, and with her beautiful voice, I
could feel as if it was penetrating deep into my heart.

[...Kaito.]

[Y-Yes!]

[...Kaito... I love you... I treasure you... More than anyone... More than
anything... That’s why... I’m fine if it’s not immediately... but at the time
Kaito is ready... one day... I want us... to get married.]

It was the same thing that Isis-san had said to me when we first met. But
receiving her marriage proposal now, my heart was filled with a completely
different emotion than I had back then. At that time, I was very confused
because someone I had just met suddenly asked me to marry her... I didn’t mean
to be rude, but I actually found it a bit scary back then.

However, right now... I was just happy to hear those words and feel Isis-san’s
affection towards me. That’s why, after a bit of silence, I looked straight into
Isis-san’s eyes and spoke.

[...I think I would still need some time. When I’ve finished preparing to live
in this world for the rest of my life and finished saying goodbye to the people
who have taken care of me... at that time, I will definitely tell you these
words myself. That’s why, please wait for me.]

[...Unnn!]

[...Thank you, Isis-san. I’m really happy to have met you.]

[...Unnn? ...Arehh? ...Kaito... You’re not using honorifics anymore?]

[Eh? Arehh? I-I’m sorry! I-I unconsciously spoke casually...]

[...No... I’m happy... that you’re speaking casually... instead... That’s why...
if Kaito is fine with it... I’d like it... if Kaito speaks casually.]

[I understand... Ah, no, alright. I-I’m kind of confused on how to speak now.]

[...Fufufu.]

Isis-san smiles happily at me, a little confused by the fact that I’ve
unconsciously spoken casually. And then, right at that moment, as if to
congratulate us on our promise that we did tonight... a large flower bloomed in
the night sky.

[...Ah... Fireworks.]

[...Isis-san?]

[...Unnn?]

[I want to say it again. I love you.]

[...I love you too... Kaito.]

No more words were needed other than that. Under the night sky lit up by flowers
of varying colors... Our shadows overlapped with each other.

Dear Mom, Dad—When I first met her, I was very confused and felt sympathetic for
her. But as we spent time together, my feelings for her turned into tranquility
and affection. From stranger to friend, from friend to lovers... And from lovers
to a future where we accumulate more and more memories—We’ve taken a step
forward towards such a future.

---

After my date with Isis-san, I normally would have gone straight back to the
Central Tower for dinner. However, I have promised to eat with Lilia-san and the
others tonight, so I will head there after letting Kuro and the others know. As
I walked out of the Central Tower, I saw someone familiar who had probably come
to pick me up.

[...Arehh? Lunamaria-san. Did you come all the way here to pick me up?]

[Yes, popular restaurants tend to get crowded, so I’ve told Milady and the
others that I would fetch you first.]

[Ahh, I see. Thank you.]

[No... By the way, Miyama-sama?]

[Yes?]

When I thanked her, Lunamaria-san smiled as if to say not to worry about it,
before her expression changed to something serious and spoke.

[...I’ve been meaning to ask you something for a long time...]

[What is it?]

[...Why is it that you still call me “Lunamaria-san”?]

[...Huh?]

The words that she seriously said weren’t something that I had expected. With a
puzzled expression on her face, I waited for Lunamaria-san’s next words.

[In the six months since Miyama-sama came to this world, I have been treating
you as an important guest and have been “devoting my everything” to you.]

[...No, I don’t remember you doing that.]

[After all these times, Miyama-sama and I should have been closer!]

[...]

...Oi, don’t ignore what I’m saying, you useless maid. Putting aside whether we
have become closer or not, I don’t remember you devoting anything to me, you
know?! If anything, you were the one who was trying to tease me every chance you
got! I mean, you even set me up a couple of times already!!!

[And yet... I still feel as if a barrier within Miyama-sama’s heart was blocking
me!]

[...Right now, more walls are forming around my heart, you know? It’s even
getting taller, you know?]

[“I have supported Miyama-sama in many situations”, if I may say so myself. We
have taken on many challenges together, and I am even proud to say that we are
comrades-in-arms.]

[No, like I said, why the heck are you all brazenly putting yourself in such a
position... Seriously, you’re the only one who thinks like that, okay?]

[But! However! There’s still a big wall between us.]

[...]

She’s not listening to me at all?! Why the heck were our conversations not
connecting with each other at all?! This useless maid is freaking evading
everything I’m saying! This is really astounding, but from the looks of it, she
probably wouldn’t listen to me even when I deny things. Letting out a big sigh,
I then told Lunamaria-san what I thought she wanted me to say.

[...So, in the end, what are you trying to say?]

[I’m glad you asked! All I wanted from Miyama-sama is that... putting it simply,
to talk about your way of calling me!]

[...Huhh.]

[Even though Kusunoki-sama and Yuzuki-sama affectionately call me “Luna-san”,
Miyama-san still calls me “Lunamaria-san”... Isn’t this something that should be
corrected immediately?]

[...No, I mean... I don’t feel like I’m affectionate enough with you that I
would call you by your nickname...]

[Wait right there, Miyama-sama? I’ve been trying to ignore it for a while now,
but you’ve only been throwing a lot of insults at me though? It’s not like I
wouldn’t get hurt no matter what you say, you know?!]

In short, what Lunamaria-san is trying to say is that she wants me to call her
Luna-san? No, well, I did reflexively complain... but it’s not that I don’t like
Lunamaria-san. She is a hopeless person who does everything to tease others...
but she’s dependable, and on the times when it seriously matters, she will be
cordial and give you advice.

[I understand. Well then, I’ll call you Luna-san from now on.]

[...Y-Yes, that’s what I wanted.]

[...Why are you looking away?]

[N-No, it’s just that actually hearing you call me that... m-makes me a little
embarrassed.]

Even though she was the one who requested it herself, when I called Luna-san as
such, she turned away with a slight blush on her cheeks, seemingly feeling
embarrassed. Fumu, I’ve been thinking about this for a while... But could it be
that Luna-san is actually a shy person?

[...Well, I’ve certainly been saying mean things to you... but I’ve always been
relying on you, Luna-san.]

[I-Is that so...]

[I felt so close to you that I couldn’t help acting unreserved. I’m sorry about
that. I hope that we will continue to get along.]

[...N-No, well, I know that you’re just joking, but there’s no need to
apologize. I-It’s not that I don’t like Miyama-sama either... No, ermm, I rather
have high praise for your personality instead... m-making me feel favorable
towards you...]

[...]

[...Why are you smiling?]

When I straightforwardly conveyed my favorable feelings for her, it was just as
I expected, ro rather, even more than I expected... Luna-san flusteredly told me
that she didn’t dislike me. Amused by her reaction, a smile appeared on my face,
to which Luna-san frowned upon.

[...Could it be... that was on purpose?]

[No, well, how should I say this... Luna-san has a pretty cute side in you huh?]

[Y-You... You’re just playing with me?! You’re just playing with my innocent
heart?! Since when have you become a bad man like this?!]

[It’s just payback for your usual teasing... Well, what I said about me relying
on Luna-san is true though.]

[G-Gununu...]

After chuckling at Luna-san’s unusually vexed expression, I slowly started
walking.

[...Come on, Lilia-san and the others were waiting for us, right? Let’s quickly
go.]

[Kuhh... I-I will definitely... pay you back for this humiliation someday.]

[I’m looking forward to it.]

[Kuhhhhhhh...]

Biting her lower lip with her face bright red, Luna-san started walking after
me. It was kind of fun to see a different side of her than usual. Well, I’m
kinda scared of her counterattack that’s waiting for me later...

She likes to play pranks, and has a lot of bad qualities... Even with all these
things, I consider Luna-san to be an important and dependable friend. Well, I’m
worried about the retaliation that will come someday because of this, but well—I
guess a relationship like this isn’t so bad.

After quarreling with Luna-san, we walked together to the restaurant where
Lilia-san and the others were... But it seems like not everything is settled
yet.

[...Ummm, Luna-san? Isn’t it about time you cheer up already?]

[...Huh? What in the world could you be talking about? Doesn’t that make it
sound like I’m mad at you?]

[...No, I mean, you had been looking away all this while... Rather than mad,
aren’t you sulking?]

As if she was really frustrated that I had teased her earlier, Luna-san kept her
head away and her words were somewhat sharp. Moreover, the person herself was
adamantly not admitting it... The situation was becoming quite troublesome.

[Huh? I’m sulking? You’re really saying strange things, aren’t you, Miyama-sama?
Are you implying that I’m being played with by a youngster who’s only been alive
for about 20 years, and I wasn’t able to refute him? There’s no way that could
happen. That’s quite conceited of you!]

[...N-No, I mean, that’s the truth.]

[Listen here, “only sulking people call people sulking”. In other words, isn’t
it you who is actually feeling defeated, Miyama-sama?]

[...I-I guess so.]

Are you a child?! Isn’t that totally a child’s “only stupid people call people
stupid theory”?! I’ve always known that she was childish, especially with her
fondness for pranks... She’s childish even when you’re angry huh, Luna-san?
However, I give up. With the way she was sulking, it didn’t seem like she was
going to be in a good mood anytime soon. If possible, I’d like it if she were to
somehow cheer up before we meet up with Lilia-san and the others...

[L-Luna-san, it’s my fault, so could you chee... Arehh?]

[...]

I turned to angry Luna-san, trying to calm her down as much as I could... but
there was no sign of Luna-san in sight. And right after that, for some reason, I
could feel hands clinging on my shoulders from behind.

[Eh? Wait, Luna-san?! Is something the matter?]

[...Help me...]

[...Huh?]

[...Please help me, Kaito-san...]

[A-Are you alright? Are you hurt somewhere...]

I don’t have any idea what was going on, but Luna-san’s hands were shaking as
she clung to my shoulders, and when I turned my head towards her, Luna-san’s
pale face was tightly clinging to my back. She was clearly acting strangely,
calling me “Kaito-san” in a voice weaker than usual. I called out to her,
wondering if she might not be feeling very well, but with her head held down,
Luna-san shook her head. When I tilted my head at her reaction, Luna-san pointed
somewhere with her shaking hand.

[...T-T-T-That...]

[...Unnn? That is... “a caterpillar”?]

[Hyyiiiihhh?!]

What Luna-san was pointing at was a tiny... a really tiny caterpillar. Could it
be that she was scared of that caterpillar? I mean, she let out a shriek and was
clinging to my back... wait, if I remember correctly, Lilia-san told me that
Luna-san isn’t good with bugs.

[...I don’t like bugs... I don’t like buuugsss... I don’t like
“wooooooorrrrrms”!]

[L-Luna-san, please calm down! I-It’s alright! I’m here, okay? I’ll remove it
now...]

[Uuuu, Kaito-shan... Q-Quickly... Crush it already...]

[A-Alright. That’s why let go of your hands for a moment...]

[Don’t wanna! Don’t go!!!]

[...]

What the heck am I supposed to do then?! Luna-san has completely turned into a
big baby! How am I supposed to get that caterpillar out of the way when you’re
still clinging to my shoulders? Should I use my feet? Should I move it away with
my feet? No, but doing that would require me to get close to it, and I don’t
know what would happen if I put Luna-san, who is in such a state, near the
caterpillar.

[...Alice, help.]

[No, no, Kaito-san? You can’t just ask a “maiden whose beauty makes flowers
blush” to deal with caterpillars...]

[It’s alright. You’re not categorized as a maiden whose beauty makes flowers
blush after all.]

[You’re saying mean things to me again... No, well, I’m actually fine with doing
this.]

Even though she was complaining, Alice plucked up the caterpillar and threw it
far away before disappearing. Unnn, she really is very dependable. I’ll treat
her to something next time.

[L-Look now, Luna-san. There are no bugs anymore! It’s alright already, okay?]

[Uuuuuu... R-Really?]

[Yes, it’s alright already! Even if bugs appear again, I’ll be here to protect
you, okay?! I won’t let them touch Luna-san, so please be relieved!!!]

[K-Kaito-san...]

As I frantically called out to the trembling Luna-san, she finally looked up and
looked at me with her moist eyes. Seeing her expression made my heart
unconsciously skip a beat. Even though she had such a personality, Luna-san was
an incredibly beautiful woman, and the gap between how she usually acts and her
current vulnerable appearance made her look like an ephemeral beauty. Luna-san
stared at me for a few moments, before looking surprised, she hurriedly moved
away from me.

[...I-I’m sorry you had to see that.]

[N-No... Everyone has their weaknesses...]

While moving her hands to dust off her maid uniform, Luna-san turned her face
away, blushing red to her ears. I never expected that she would be this bad with
bugs. She was uncharacteristically frightened, saying things like she didn’t
like worms... I wonder if she is particularly bad at worm-type bugs? She might
have some kind of childhood trauma regarding them or something like that.

[L-Let’s go!]

[Y-Yes...]

I hurriedly chased after Luna-san, who, perhaps too embarrassed to look at me,
said a few words without looking at me and quickly started walking away. Then,
Luna-san, who was walking a little ahead of me at a fast pace, turned her red
face down and muttered in a voice that was barely audible to my ears.

[...M-Miyama-sama.]

[Eh? Yes?]

[...T-Thank you... f-for protecting me. Errr, ummm... You look s-slightly
cool...]

[...Ehh?]

[I-It’s nothing! Let’s not keep Milady and the others waiting! Let’s hurry!!!]

[Wait, Luna-san. Wai... You’re too fast!]

I had heard that Luna-san hated bugs, but I didn’t expect that it would be so
bad that she would turn into a baby. Well, I don’t mean to be rude... but
looking at Luna-san, looking so vulnerable and frightened by bugs, unlike her
usual self—Let’s keep it a secret that I thought she was cute.

---

The restaurant where Lilia-san and the others were waiting was apparently quite
popular. When Luna-san and I arrived, there was a long queue in front of the
restaurant, and Lilia-san and the others were currently in the middle of the
queue.

[Ahh, Kaito-senpai, Luna-san\~\~ We’re here\~\~]

When Hina-chan spotted Luna-san and I, she gave us a big wave and we decided to
join them in the queue.

[Thank you for waiting, Milady... I guess it would really take some time before
we could get our turn huh.]

[Yes, we should have queued a little earlier. I underestimated the popularity of
this restaurant.]

While Luna-san and Lilia-san talked with each other, I lined up where Hina-chan
and Aoi-chan were.

[What a long queue... What kind of restaurant is this?]

[I read in Phantasmal King-sama’s guidebook that this restaurant serves very
rare dishes. I can’t tell what kind of dish they are just from the name of the
dishes though...]

[Uuuuu, I’m so hungry\~\~]

Aoi-chan answered my question, and Hina-chan complained of her hunger. Hmmm. If
there are this many people queued, I can certainly expect its quality, but I
guess it would take us a lot of time before we could eat...

[Kaito-senpai! Can’t you do something with Senpai’s special invitation?]

[I-I wonder? I’ve heard that I can use it to buy things for free, but will they
give priority to me rather than the queue?]

[I understand how you feel, Hina-chan, but even Lilia-san’s platinum rank didn’t
work, so I guess it would also be difficult for Kaito-san?]

It seemed that it wasn’t only the two of them, as Lilia-san and the others
seemed to be also fed up with the queue, but now that they had queued for quite
some time already, it was hard to change to another restaurant. It seems that
even the higher-level invitations weren’t given priority in the queue, so well,
I guess we don’t have any choice but to wait in the queue huh?

Just as I was thinking this, a person who looked like a waitress came from the
start of the queue and walked towards us. Stopping in front of me, she politely
bowed before speaking.

[...May I ask if you’re really Miyama Kaito-sama?]

[Eh? Yes, I am.]

[Thank you very much for coming to our restaurant today. Miyama-sama and his
companions will be seated in the “VIP seat”, so please come this way.]

[...Eh?]

When the waitress told us that they had prepared a separate seat for us, we
tilted our heads.

I didn’t inform them that we would come to this restaurant, nor did I make a
reservation. So, why are there VIP seats available as if it’s a matter of
course? Perhaps sensing my doubts, the waitress informed me with a gentle smile.

[By orders of the Six Kings, “all the restaurants” in this city where the
festival is held have “VIP seats reserved for Miyama-sama and his companions”.
Of course, we have also prepared a large private room with a great view.]

[...Huh?]

[...It’s a face pass. Kaito-senpai got a face pass.]

[...I don’t know if I should say that it’s to be expected of Kaito-san or it’s
Kaito-san again... I guess I could just say that Kaito-san is the same as usual
huh.]

As for the evaluation from my two kouhais, I would really like to hear it
carefully later. I could already guess Lilia-san’s reaction based on how she was
holding her head, looking far into the distance. Even though I was surprised, I
was grateful that we were able to eat without waiting, so we followed the
waitress’ lead and moved on. Just as the waitress said, the seats we were led to
were in a private room with a very nice view. It seemed that they didn’t have a
big enough table to seat everyone, so we were divided into groups and separately
seated. I was seated along with Aoi-chan and Hina-chan, forming a group of
otherworlders.

[...Miyama-sama, the Head Chef would like to greet you after dinner, but would
that be alright?]

[Eh? Ah, yes. I understand.]

[Thank you very much. Well then, we will prepare our signature dish.]

[T-Thank you.]

Waitress-san, I’m begging you, don’t come over here... I’m not used to this kind
of situation at all, so please go to Lilia-san’s side instead.

[Here is the beverage menu.]

[...]

When I looked at the menu that was handed to me, I saw that there were many
different items written on it... and I don’t have any idea what the heck these
things are.

[...L-Lilia-san... I don’t know anything about the things listed here at all.]

[Well then, would you like me to choose for you?]

[Yes please.]

Asking the nearby Lilia-san for help, I handed her the menu and she ordered as
if she was used to it. It seems like she has a good grasp of which people can’t
drink alcohol. I’m really glad that Lilia-san was here with us.

[...Kaito-senpai, what kind of food is going to be served?]

[Hmmm. From the interior and the atmosphere around the place feels like a French
restaurant. What do you think, Aoi-chan?]

[I’m sure this place is a high-class restaurant... but the table setting seems a
little different from a French restaurant.]

I’ve always thought about this, but I wonder if Aoi-chan is a noble lady from a
pretty wealthy family? I mean, she can even judge a restaurant by its table
setting and such things. As I was getting my hopes up for a fine dining
experience I hadn’t tried before... a little while later, the appetizers were
brought out along with our drinks.

[Thank you for waiting. This is the hors d’oeuvre, “Pale Pig breze”.]

[...Aoi-chan, what is a breze?]

[It means it’s braised. They simmered it after steaming. They are usually made
from the cheek meat, but they aren’t usually served as hors d’oeuvre.]

[...No, I mean, isn’t this...]

[Y-Yes, ummm... I’m surprised about this too.]

When I whispered to Aoi-chan about the food that had been brought to us, she
taught me with a somewhat puzzled expression on her face what the unfamiliar
word meant. No, I know exactly why Aoi-chan is confused. I mean, all three of us
are probably feeling the same way.

[...Aoi-chan.]

[...Yes.]

[...Hina-chan.]

[...Yes, I know the name of this dish too.]

[...Then, one-two...]

[ [ [ Pork feet... ] ] ]

Yes, the dish that was brought to us... was unmistakably “Pork Feet”. I thought
it was a high-class French restaurant, but it turned out that this place was
serving rather unusual Chinese cuisine. The first item, pork feet, was quite
tasty but... Eating pork feet with a knife and fork somehow feels a bit strange
to me.

[This feels like a full course, isn’t it?]

If this was going to be a full course of Chinese cuisines, would the next meal
brought to us be salad?

[Yes, it does. There were no amuse-bouches, and they started with hors
d’oeuvres, so I guess the next meal served would be salad?]

[...Aoi-senpai, what’s amuse-bouche?]

[Let’s see. I guess it’s like the “tsukidashi” in pubs.]

[...I haven’t even experienced going inside a pub though.]

In comparison to Aoi-chan’s familiarity with the subject, Hina-chan and I were
noticeably lacking in knowledge. Or rather, I’m glad that I’m sitting at the
same table as Aoi-chan. Right at that moment, a colorful salad was brought to
us, to which we ate as we continued our conversation.

[Hina-chan, tsukidashis are dishes that can be eaten in a single bite, and are
usually served before you order.]

[Heehhh\~\~ As expected of Kaito-senpai, you have the knowledge of the adult
world\~\~!]

[No, I don’t know much about it either... Aoi-chan, after the salad would be
soup, right?]

[Yes, if it’s the usual French restaurant, that would be the case. There’s a
chance that bread might also be served first. After that, it depends on whether
the plat is poisson or viande, or perhaps, even both. If it’s just one of them,
I think granité will come out next.]

[...Sorry, I have no idea what you were saying.]

Just from what Aoi-chan said, I found about four words I didn’t know. Hmmm.
Eating full-course meals feels kind of difficult and intimidating.

[The word “plat” refers to the main dish. Most of the time, it’s categorized
between poisson... fish dishes and viande... meat dishes. However, this varies a
lot from restaurant to restaurant. If the main dish is raw though, it may be
categorized as an entrée instead. And then, granité is a palate-cleansing
semi-frozen dessert. Depending on how many plat they serve, the timing of order
may change.]

[I-I see...]

[However, since this restaurant is Chinese style, it may be that instead of
bread, they would serve dim sum... siumai. There’s a chance that a dish like
that would be served next. If that’s the case, no granité may be served.]

[A-Aoi-chan, that’s amazing... Do you often eat full-course meals?]

As I continued to ask questions to Aoi-chan, who carefully explained about
things... The answer came back from a different person.

[Aoi-senpai is the noble lady of the Kusunoki group after all\~\~]

[Hey, Hina-chan...]

[Kusunoki group... You mean that company whose advertisements often appear on TV
and other stuff?]

[...It’s just a slightly big company.]

No, no, even I know the name of the Kusunoki group. It’s one of the biggest
companies in Japan, with a wide range of businesses including cosmetics,
clothing and even IT. For Aoi-chan to be the noble lady of that company... the
idea never really occurred to me even if they share the same surname.

[Aren’t you the “granddaughter of a congressman”, Hina-chan?]

[Really?!]

[W-Well\~\~ A-Ahaha...]

Aoi-san is the noble lady of a big company. Hina-chan is the granddaughter of a
politician... They’re totally ladies of the higher society.

[Heehhh... You both are amazing. My father was a normal salaryman, so I’m kind
of surprised.]

[...Even if you say it like that, isn’t Kaito-san more amazing than us?]

[Eh?]

[I mean, your girlfriend is the president of the world’s largest company. She’s
a real royalty... Although this is a different world, your level is completely
different from ours.]

[Mnnhh, if you say it like that... Indeed.]

Kuro is the richest person in the world, Isis-san is a really wealthy person
with a vast amount of properties in the Demon Realm, Lilia-san is the little
sister of the King, Sieg-san is the daughter of a former Court Mage, and Alice
is the head of the world’s largest intelligence organization. Unnn, my lovers
were also ladies of the higher society.

[Speaking of which, Kaito-senpai’s reaction... Don’t you think that you were
quite nonchalant when you heard about our backgrounds? Doesn’t that attract your
attention?]

[H-Hmmm. I guess not... Just as Aoi-chan said, maybe the people around me are so
amazing that I have become numb... And well, regardless of who your family is,
it doesn’t change that you two are my cute kouhais.]

[ [ ... ] ]

When they heard what I said, they stared at me with some interest before they
chuckled.

[...I really like... that part of you, Kaito-senpai.]

[Right.]

Although there’s a large gap in appearance and name between high-class Chinese
cuisine and French cuisine, it tasted great, just as one would expect from a
popular restaurant. The main course, a Peking duck-style meat dish, as if umami
of the poultry had extremely converged within it, giving me such satisfaction
that made me feel as if I had eaten a whole chicken. Unnn, that was... chicken
meat, right? It’s not the meat of a big worm of some frog somewhere, right?
...Unnn, let’s just stop thinking about it. I was enjoying my meal like that...
but while I was partaking in my meal, I suddenly noticed something.

[...]

I could feel occasional glances from Lilia-san, who is eating at the table next
to ours. However, she doesn’t call out to me. And the emotion I’m feeling with
my Sympathy Magic... was worry? What does this mean?

[...Ummm, Lilia-san?]

[...Kaito-san, can I have a moment of your time?]

When I called out to Lilia-san, she seemed to be hesitating for a moment before
she replied.

[Eh? Yes...]

[Well then, please follow me for the moment. Luna, please tell them to delay the
time that our meals are served.]

[Understood.]

Lilia-san apparently wanted to talk to me, so she told Lunamaria-san that we
would be leaving our seats for a while. Then, she started to walk towards the
balcony, which seemed to be just one door away from where we were eating. Not
knowing what Lilia-san’s intentions were, I followed her to the balcony. I guess
it’s to be expected of a high-class restaurant like this, as their balcony was
also quite large. Lilia-san and I walked in silence along the balcony, which was
surprisingly quiet for a store located at the venue of the Six Kings Festival.

Then, when we were some distance away from the dinner table, Lilia-san stopped
and looked back at me. With the cool night breeze drifting, Lilia-san held her
swaying hair with one hand and spoke.

[...Kaito-san.]

[Yes?]

[...It would be great if this was just my misunderstanding, but perhaps... Is
there something “troubling” you?]

[...Eh?]

I was frankly... surprised by what Lilia-san told me. The encounter I had during
the day with the woman who looked just like my mother. I was able to take my
mind off it to some extent thanks to Isis-san’s presence, and I was able to put
a smile on my face. However, I still couldn’t completely forget about it, and
remembered that incident from time to time. I think that’s what Lilia-san was
talking about. However, I didn’t think she would notice it... because I hadn’t
seriously thought about that matter myself.

[I don’t have any clear evidence either... but I felt like there were some
shadows in Kaito-san’s smile.]

[...]

[It’s not that you were forcing a smile. I think that your smiles were sincere.
However, errr, it feels like there’s something a little different about it...]

I was surprised... and most of all, I felt glad. Because Lilia-san really
watches me closely, she noticed the slightest changes within me. And the feeling
of worry I had been feeling all along just now... makes me feel really grateful.

[...It’s not really that big of a deal... It won’t take long, so would you
listen for a moment?]

[Yes, if you’re fine with me.]

So, I decided to be honest with Lilia-san. I told her that I had met a woman who
looked exactly like my deceased mother earlier in the day, and even though I
wasn’t seriously thinking about it, it was still bothering me... When I finished
telling her all these things, Lilia-san nodded her head once in understanding.

[...I see, I suppose what you’re feeling is understandable. Even though I am
still young, it’s not as if I have never experienced having to part with someone
because of death. My mother is still alive and well, but my stepmother... and
several of my father’s concubines died.]

[...]

[It’s natural to feel shaken when you meet someone who looks exactly like the
person you were close to before they died.]

As she said this, Lilia-san came closer and gently leaned on my chest.

[...But I’m glad. I’m relieved that... Kaito-san isn’t too deeply troubled about
it.]

[Lilia-san...]

[I’m sorry. You are a very strong person... I know that you will be fine.
However, please at least let me worry about you. I’m your lover after all...]

[Yes, no, I mean... I’m so glad you’re worried about me.]

I gently hugged Lilia-san as she leaned in close to me, feeling her warmth as I
expressed my gratitude. Thereupon, Lilia-san put her hands on my back too. We
continued to hug each other in silence for a little while, before Lilia-san
suddenly looked up at me and gave me a shy smile.

[...Kaito-san.]

[Yes?]

[...Can we... kiss?]

[...Eh?]

I never expected to hear such a thing from the shy Lilia-san, so I
unintentionally let out a duncy voice.

[I just thought that we hadn’t done that yet... Does Kaito-san not want to?]

[N-No, that’s not it... H-However, is Lilia-san fi—?!]

I was going to ask if Lilia-san is fine with that but... I stopped speaking
those words when I saw Lilia-san, with her eyes closed and her face slightly
raised. It would be rude to Lilia-san if I said unnecessary things or pulled
away here. Holding Lilia-san closer, I slowly brought her face closer to mine.
Then...

[Hnnn...]

My lips overlapped with Lilia-san’s surprisingly soft lips, and a soft moan
escaped from her mouth.

![Insert 5](../../_Images/v14/Insert5.png#.insert)

Feeling the deep affection Lilia-san had for me, I savored the warmth of her
presence before we parted our lips.

[...E-Errr, Lilia-san. Thank you.]

[...]

In a different way than Isis-san, the shy Lilia-san acted with all the courage
she could muster. I was so happy about it that I unintentionally said a few
words of thanks. However, I received no response from Lilia-san.

[...Arehh?]

[...]

[L-Lilia-san?]

[...Kyuuu\~\~]

[Lilia-san?! W-Wait, please pull yourself together!]

I hurriedly held Lilia-san’s body as it seemed like she was about to collapse...
but Lilia-san’s blank eyes upturned, and she fainted. I had my first kiss with
Lilia-san. It was the result of all the courage she had summoned up for me. I
was really happy and felt blessed to receive her affection but... I don’t know
if I should say that I knew this would happen or not, but I guess she was so
embarrassed that she couldn’t endure it anymore—It seems that Lilia-san pushed
herself too much.

---

The delicious meal was over in a flash, and just as I was finishing the last
dish, Luna-san spoke.

[The Head Chef will come to greet you after dinner, Miyama-sama... Please do
your best at that time.]

[Eh? N-No, I’d like it if you could help me...]

[Unfortunately, Milady, who is used to such things... is in “this state”...]

[...Kyuuu\~\~]

Yes, Lilia-san actually hadn’t regained consciousness yet. No, isn’t this
actually the longest time she had fainted ever? So, Lilia-san was only able to
eat halfway through her meal, but Luna-san consulted with the shop and asked
them for permission to take her meal home in a magic box.

[Well, putting aside Kaito-senpai’s situation, magic boxes are very useful in
situations like this, isn’t it?]

[Putting aside Kaito-san’s situation, would a high-class restaurant like this
really allow take outs?]

[I guess they would quickly allow it if we just mention Miyama-sama’s name.]

[...Oi, why the heck are you talking about such things as if I’m not here...]

My two kouhais aren’t worried about me at all... C-Could I take this as a sign
of their trust in me? They’re just saying such things because they trust me,
right?

[Ahh, don’t worry. “Miyama-sama would make sure to tell them” our thoughts
regarding the food as our representative...]

[...]

Luna-san, do you have some sort of resentment against me? Even though I’m
acquainted with some amazing people, I’m just an ordinary citizen... I mean, my
favorite Chinese cuisine is fried rice... As I was thinking about this, an
attack towards Luna-san came from someone unexpected.

[Ara ara, Lu-chan really “loves” Miyama-san huh\~\~]

[M-Mom?! What are you suddenly saying?! Or rather, where the heck are you
getting such a thing...]

[Eh? I mean, Lu-chan always had “the tendency to play pranks on people you
love”, right? You wanted to gain their attention, didn’t you?]

[Uwaaaaahhh?! C-Can you please stop saying incomprehensible things?! You’re
wrong! You’re totally wrong!!!]

Luna-san’s greatest weakness, or in a sense, her greatest natural enemy, her
mother... Noir-san’s statement caused Luna-san to hurriedly shake her head to
deny her statement. Well, it’s interesting to know about Lunamaria-san’s true
intentions with her actions but... there’s one thing I’d like to ask before
that. Noir-san, when the heck did you move next to my seat?!

[...Noir-san, why are you sitting next to me?]

[Is it not alright?]

[T-That’s not it!]

Stop it, please stop it... Can you please stop looking up at me with that
adult-like bewitching sex appeal... Her cheeks slightly blushing red, perhaps
from drinking wine, and her dress that were boldly open-shouldered... Even with
her petite figure, I don’t know if I should say that it’s to be expected from a
widow or not, but her sex appeal makes me feel giddy. Or rather, can we stop
right there?! Why the heck are you leaning on me, clinging on my arms like
that?!

[M-Mom?! What are you doing?!]

[I’m just a bit drunk...]

[Then why did you drink alcohol?! You do know that you’re not a very good
drinker, right?]

[Ahh, it might not be alcohol though... I might just be drunk on Miyama-san\~\~]

[Hey... Please listen to me, Mom.]

Saying this, Noir-san loosely hugged my arm and stuck her cheeks to my arm.
Please stop that, I... or rather, all the healthy young men in the world are
vulnerable to such a thing...

[Miyama-san, I had a great time this evening...]

[Eh? Y-Yes, t-the dinner was really fun.]

[However, the more fun you have, the more lonely it feels when it ends. I’m sure
tonight will be a night where I’m trembling in loneliness.]

[I-I guess that might be the case...]

[Haahhh... On nights like that, it would be nice to have a fantastic man like
you to keep my body warm... I’m sure that that would make me feel greater
happiness, as a woman that is.]

[Wha?!]

Noir-san seemed to be completely drunk as she lightly breathed out while staring
at me with glazed eyes. Every breath she takes looks absurdly erotic... S-So
this is an adult woman huh... I mean, there’s a lot of dangerous things with
what you’re saying, you know?! Seriously, could you please stop with that hand
of yours, caressing my arm?! While I felt my heart beating extremely fast
because of her sex appeal, Noir-san brought her mouth close to my ear, speaking
to me with a voice filled with passion.

[...How about it? If you don’t mind... How about we go drink after this, “just
the two of us”?]

[?!]

[Mom!!! You can’t! There’s no way I’ll allow that!!! Come on, please let go of
Miyama-sama already!]

As I was being exposed to the thrilling experience of having things whispered
directly to my ear, Luna-san approached us and pulled Noir-san away.

[Lu-chan? Ahh, I see... Lu-chan also wants to come, right?]

[W-W-W-What the heck are you talking about, you drunkard?! Let go already! We’re
going back to our inn!]

[You don’t have to be shy, you know? This may be Lu-chan’s first time, so Mom
will teach you everything, okay?]

[Ahh, geez!]

As Noir-san hugged my arm, refusing to let go, Luna-san is trying to twist her
body between Noir-san and I, trying to pull Noir-san away. I’ve been feeling
something that feels really great on my right arm since a while ago but... Hey,
can someone help me...

[Now then, let’s just leave those two for Kaito-san to deal with. How about we
chat while waiting for Lilia-san to wake up?]

[Seconded~]

[...Good gracious, Miyama-kun is amazing.]

[Why don’t you follow Miyama-kun’s example and get yourself another wife or two,
Rei?]

[U-Umu, well, let’s just push that aside for another time.]

Aoi-chan, Hina-chan, even Rei-san and Fia-san... N-No, there’s still Sieg-san
and Anima...

[Oya? Speaking of which, where’s Sieg?]

[Ahh, she went to pay the bill in Lilia-chan’s stead... Anima-chan seems to have
left too, it seems like she had something to do, bringing Eta-chan and
Theta-chan with her.]

I don’t have... any allies left. There are people everywhere who have bad habits
after they get drunk, and it seems like Noir-san is in a way, a very troublesome
drunkard. The way she approached me brimming with the sex appeal of an adult, I
guess it’s to be expected from a widow huh... Can anyone please get me out of
here... Or rather— Please wake up already, Lilia-san!

Noir-san is very strong, probably because she’s a half-vampire. Because of this,
Luna-san had a hard time pulling Noir-san away from me. But then, Lilia-san
finally woke up... and easily pulled Noir-san away from me. Should I say that
it’s to be expected from Lilia-san, or should I be astonished at her power that
overwhelms even half-vampires...?

After being ripped away from me, Noir-san blankly stared at nowhere for a while
before she fell asleep. And then, as for greeting the Head Chef... Relying upon
Lilia-san’s follow-up, I had somehow weathered through it. Good gracious, I’m
really grateful that Lilia-san was here to help me.

[...Speaking of which, Milady? Why is it that you fainted earlier?]

[Ehh?! Ah, t-that is...]

The inn that Lilia-san and the others were staying at is located on the way to
the Central Tower from the restaurant, so all of us slowly walked towards their
inn. Carrying the sleeping Noir-san behind her back, Luna-san asked, to which
Lilia-san clearly became flustered.

[N-No, it’s just that... I was a bit exposed to the night wind so...]

[No, no, Milady’s body isn’t that frail... No, well, I guess that’s fine...]

Although she looked suspicious at Lilia-san’s lies, Luna-san didn’t pursue the
matter any further, perhaps because she owed Lilia-san for stopping Noir-san.
That should be enough to calm Lilia-san down...

[Ahh, Lilia-chan, good evening\~\~]

[K-K-K-Kuromueina-sama?! G-G-G-Good evening.]

Before she had time to recover though, she began to panic again when Kuro
appeared. Rei-san and Fia-san also hurriedly got down on one knee and tried to
bow down, but Kuro stopped them.

[It’s been a long time since I’ve seen you, Aoi-chan and Hina-chan. Are you
enjoying the festival?]

[Yes, I’m having a great time.]

[I feel like I’ve shopped a bit too much today.]

[Ahaha, I see, that’s good then.]

Aoi-chan and Hina-chan, who Kuro had already talked to back in the mansion,
smiled when Kuro called out to them. Unnn, I think Lilia-san is just too
nervous, but well, I guess that’s just like her... Hearing what the two said,
Kuro nodded with a smile and taking cloth bags out of nowhere, she handed them
to my two kouhais.

[Well then, here. I’ll give you some pocket money, so you can have lots of fun
tomorrow.]

[...Eh?]

[Kuromu-sama? C-Can we really have this?]

[Of course. This is a different world after all, so enjoy it to the fullest.]

[ [ T-Thank you very much! ] ]

When Kuro told them this with a smile, my two kouhais deeply bowed. Kuro then
turned to Lilia-san and with a slightly apologetic expression on her face, she
spoke.

[Well then, Lilia-san. I’m sorry, I have some business with Kaito-kun, so do you
mind if I take him with me?]

[Eh? Ah, yes. Of course, it’s fine. We’ve just finished eating anyway...]

[I’m sorry. I’ll send some delicious sweets to Lilia-chan and the others in your
inn later, so enjoy them with everyone.]

[Thank you for your concern.]

When Kuro talked about sending them delicious sweets... I feel like she wouldn’t
send anything other than baby castellas.

[Well then, Kaito-kun. Let’s go?]

[Eh? Yeah... Good night, everyone.]

Even though I had no idea what this business Kuro had with me, at her urging, I
said good night to everyone and left.

---

Following Kuro’s lead, we reached a plaza where I couldn’t see a single person.
Stopping there, Kuro looked back at me and spoke.

[Kaito-kun, I’m sorry about suddenly calling you here.]

[No, that’s fine with me but... what is this business that you talked about?]

[Unnn, it’s about that person you met this morning, the one that looked like
your mother.]

[Eh?]

[I’ve heard about it from Isis, and I thought I’d talk to you about this as soon
as possible... I have to go to Magnawell for a meeting later, so I thought I’d
talk to you a little bit before I go.]

It’s true that I was going to talk to Kuro to consult her about that woman who
looked like my mother, following Isis-san’s advice. Apparently, Kuro had come to
find me so that we could talk about this before she left for a moment.

[First of all, let me say what I concluded. I’ve heard the story from Isis and
asked Shiro about it but... Shiro didn’t bring Kaito-kun’s mother back to life,
nor did she create a being with the same appearance as her.]

[...]

[When Shiro lies, she would say she’s lying, so there’s no doubt that she’s
telling the truth. I checked with the Earth God just to be sure, and she said
that she didn’t bring her back to life either.]

[Then, she really is...]

[Unnn. She’s just another person who happened to have the appearance of your
mother.]

[...I see.]

If that’s what Kuro said, that must really be the case. No, I knew that there
was a good chance that that really was the case. But hearing about it now, I
couldn’t hide my disappointment.

[...Kaito-kun, are you alright?]

[Unnn. I was a bit confused at first, but I’m completely fine now. I was able to
take it in.]

[...I see. I’m going to go to a meeting then. Let’s talk again later.]

[Yeah, thanks.]

Thanking Kuro for just gently smiling at me without asking too much, I watched
her leave. When Kuro was completely out of sight, I tried to walk back to the
Central Tower but... my feet immediately stopped.

[Yaa~ It’s this morning since we last met, right\~\~ It’s a great coincidence to
see you here, isn’t it?]

[?!]

I was so astonished hearing that voice that I thought my heart would leap out of
my chest.

[...Mom...?]

In the park after Kuro left, basking in the still silence of the night, I met
the woman who looked exactly like my mother that I had met during the day again.
She had brown hair that reached just above her waist and black eyes. Pants that
resemble jeans that are easy to move around in, a black jacket and a white
shirt... She reminded me of a bubbly girl, just like my Mom that I know of. I
think that’s why I reflexively called her “Mom”. However...

[...You’re being rude to someone you first met, aren’t you? Do I look old enough
to have a big kid like you?]

[Ah, n-no?! I’m sorry.]

[Ahaha, it’s not like I’m mad at you.]

The expression on her face as she spoke with a wry smile on her face, her
gestures, all of her movements overlapped with the Mom within my memory. Even
though they resemble this much... They really are... different people huh...

[...Ummm.]

[Unnn?]

[Thank you for your help earlier. I will return your money.]

[Don’t worry about it. I just happened to see you troubled there earlier, and
besides, it’s just 2Rs.]

[No, that’s not something I can...]

[...Hey, hey, if people want to help you, all you need to do is accept their
kindness.]

[Eh? Ah, yes!]

How should I say this... Rather than being swept away by her tune, I kind of
feel like I can’t go against her words. I guess it must be because she looks
like Mom. It makes me feel as if Mom is telling me those words...

[Ahh, speaking of which, I’ve never introduced myself, didn’t I? My name is
“Luce”, nice to meet you.]

[...Luce-san... is it?]

[Unnn. It may just be fate that we met here again tonight. If you don’t mind,
can I ask your name?]

[...I’m Miyama Kaito.]

Her face and voice were exactly the same, but her name was different. I should
have known that would be the case, but I couldn’t help but feel a strong sense
of disappointment. I guess I really was hoping for it somewhere within my
mind... That this person is actually my mother...

[Miyama Kaito? That’s an unusual name... Ahh, could it be that you’re one of
those otherworlders?]

[Y-Yes, that’s right.]

[I see\~\~ This is the first time I’ve ever talked to someone from another
world. I kinda feel like I have an advantage compared to the others now... wait,
arehh? You don’t look so good.]

[...Ahh, errr...]

I’ve been told a lot of times that I’m the type of person who shows my emotions
on my face. It seems like my depression seemed to have shown on my face, and
Luce-san voiced out her concern. This is bad. I should somehow fool her...

[I got it! You must be hungry, right?]

[...Huh?]

[Unnn, unnn, you can’t be lively with an empty stomach after all!]

[N-No, ummm... It’s not like I’m hungry...]

[In that case, here! I’ll give you my special sandwich that I just happened to
have!!!]

[...]

She isn’t listening to me at all?! Not only am I not hungry, heck, I’ll have you
know that I just ate earlier, okay? ...Ah\~\~ Speaking of which, Mom was the
type who didn’t listen to others either. Since their faces look alike, do their
personalities also resemble each other? I mean, this sandwich that she held out
to me... What should I do about this? H-Hmmm, even with my Sympathy Magic, I can
only sense good intentions from her, so it’s kind of hard to say no.

[...T-Thank you very much.]

[You’re welcome. Now, now, go ahead and gobble it up!]

[Eh, ah, yes...]

Pushed by Luce-san’s liveliness, I took a bite at the sandwich in my hand. And
at that moment, I was convinced that this person wasn’t my mother.

[...It’s delicious.]

[Really? That’s great.]

This is different. This is... not my mother’s cooking. Mom was a very bad cook.
She chopped vegetables in different sizes, added too much or too little
seasoning... and couldn’t even make a sandwich in such a neat shape. She was
helplessly clumsy... but she was very cheerful and positive about things... She
was the kindest mother anyone could ever have.

Luce-san was just like my mother... but she was different. This person isn’t my
mother. She’s just another person who looks like her...

[A-Arehh? Why do you look worse than before? Could it be that you’re not feeling
well?]

[N-No, I’m alright.]

[Hmmm. You shouldn’t push yourself too hard... I think you should go home early
and get some rest already.]

[...I guess you’re right.]

I knew there was a good chance that she was someone else, but when I became
certain that she really wasn’t my mother, an inexplicable feeling flooded my
heart.

[I’m sorry, even though you’ve gone out of your way to call out to me...]

[It’s okay, you don’t have to worry about it. Let’s talk again when we get the
chance.]

[Yes... Ahh, thank you for the sandwich. It was really delicious.]

[You’re welcome\~\~]

I couldn’t wrap my mind around things, so I decided to follow Luce-san’s advice
and went back to Central Tower. Bowing to Luce-san, who was greatly waving her
hand in my direction, I began walking away from the plaza. Despite my
disappointment, I was also relieved to find out early on that she was a
different person. Unnn, I’m alright. I was shocked, but thanks to Isis-san and
Lilia-san, I didn’t feel that bad. I can properly take in something like
this—The fact that Luce-san and Mom are different people.

---

[...I’m sorry... Kaito. Forgive me for not being able to say anything right
now...]

After seeing off the departing Kaito until he was out of sight, Luce... no,
“Miyama Akari” quietly muttered, before walking into a dark alley.

Her whisper was drowned out by the night wind... never reaching anyone’s ears.

---

I quietly walked down the dimly lit street. I felt that my steps were heavier
than usual. That wasn’t because Luce-san was different from my Mom... No, that’s
also part of the reason why too, but the biggest cause of this heaviness was
something else. Luce-san reminded me of my mother because she resembles her too
much. Of course, I had never forgotten about her, but this was the first time in
a long time that I remembered her so strongly. At the time when my relatives had
taken custody of my Mom and Dad... I couldn’t admit that my parents were gone,
feeling depressed as I kept waiting for them to come home...

It’s an appalling story, but I still haven’t completely come to terms with the
death of my parents, even after almost ten years. However, I was a lot better
compared to the time when I just came into this world. And I’m now very
blessed... So, I thought that a few more days passed and I’ll be back to how I
originally was...

[...I guess it can’t be helped huh. This Angel of Love, Alice-chan, will give
you plenty of pampering!]

[...Ehh\~\~]

[Hey?! Why do you have a doubtful expression on your face?! Why is your
treatment towards me different from Isis-san and Duchess Lilia?!]

[I mean, it’s Alice after all...]

[Ah, I see, I guess it’s no wonder Alice is being treated so poorly.
Understandable, have a—that’s wrong!!! I think Kaito-san should spoil me more!]

[...Pfff... Ahaha.]

I really am quite blessed. There is someone so close to me who can break my
depression, bringing the smile back to my face.

[...Are you feeling better now?]

[...Thanks, Alice.]

[I know, I know, you can praise me more. Now, now, keep the praises coming. If
you want, you can also add a plate of seriously tasty dragon meat yakiniku as a
reward, you know?]

[...]

The smug look on her lively face, to which I feel like I could even hear some
kind of smug background music from, was annoying as hell.

[Arehh\~\~? You were smiling earlier, but why is it that it feels like you’re
looking at an irredeemable idiot?]

[That’s because there’s an irredeemable idiot nearby.]

[Good grief! Can’t they just keep their eyes to themselves?! Stop gawking at
this cute Alice-chan!]

[I’m talking about you, idiot!]

Idle conversation, silly exchanges... These things make me feel inexplicably
happy, and I could feel my heart naturally feeling warm. Seeing me like this,
Alice slightly smiled, and without saying a word, she held my hand. As our
fingers intertwined... Alice’s hand felt so comforting that a smile naturally
appeared on my face again.

Dear Mom, Dad—I’m sure that I haven’t properly sorted out my feelings about your
deaths just yet. However, you don’t have to worry about that. There are
important people who will be here for me now... I mean, look, before I knew
it—The heaviness in my legs disappeared.

---

As she walked hand in hand with Kaito, Alice was talking to Iris within her
mind... or rather, residing in her Heart Tool.

(...What do you think?)

(There were some things that she said that didn’t make sense to me. It was as if
there was a topic she didn’t want to be touched on. Also, I really can’t get
used to you speaking with honorifics...)

(I already got used to speaking like this after spending my time in this world,
so please get used to it instead. Well, that aside, I agree with you about
this... I remember the names and faces of all the participants of the Six Kings
Festival, but I don’t recognize who she is at all.)

(Fumu...)

(Well, as long as she claims she’s a companion of a participant, it won’t be
easy to determine who she is.)

Yes, Alice was quite wary of Luce, whom Kaito had just encountered. At least to
the point that she’s questioning the exchange that took place...

(...Tsk.)

(What’s the matter?)

(“My clone has lost sight of her”. She really is suspicious. Even though the one
following her is just my clone, there aren’t many who can get away from my
pursuit. It’s also impossible for me to not know about someone who can do such a
thing.)

Alice was a person who held a vast amount of information, and she remembered
people of all races, especially those who possessed a certain level of power.
However, she doesn’t recognize Luce at all. Of course, Alice doesn’t remember
every creature in the world... As for someone who can lose the pursuit of her
clone, the Phantasmal King, there’s no way she wouldn’t know about her.

(...What do you think?)

(My guess is that... either Shallow Vernal-sama or that Earth God is involved. I
think this is something I need to seriously investigate.)

(Did you tell Kaito about this?)

(I can’t say this to him right now. Giving Kaito-san information that I’m
uncertain about will only hurt him.)

(Does that mean that “you’re going to deal with her in secret”?)

(...Even if that thing really is Kaito-san’s mother... If any harm comes to
Kaito-san, I will show no mercy. If she ever thinks of harming Kaito-san, I will
do whatever it takes to erase her.)

Alice was aware of the possibility that Luce was indeed Kaito’s mother. Rather,
given the current situation, she assumed that the probability that she was
Kaito’s mother was reasonably high. However, if that was the case, she didn’t
understand why she hadn’t revealed herself to Kaito. What matters to Alice
though is whether or not she will harm Kaito or not, holding no interest in the
life of Kaito’s mother.

Feeling as if something big was starting to move, Alice held onto the anxiety in
her heart... and tightened her grip on Kaito’s hand. Promising herself that she
would never let this warmth disappear...
