---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 3: Lindwurm

Fafnir was quietly lost in thought as he watched Kaito and his group walk off
toward the Special Monster Race’s racetrack.

(...That White Dragon... Her magic power has dramatically increased compared to
before. The speed of the increase is much faster than I had expected. She must
have been eating food with a very high density of magic power.)

Thinking about the fact that Lindwurm’s magic power was greater than the last
they had met, Fafnir remembered the words he had once exchanged with that White
Dragon.

---

At the aviary of the Flying Dragon Flight, Mary, the Flying Dragon Services’
President was carrying a lot of food. After forming a contract with the Dragon
King Magnawell through Kaito, many Dragons gathered in her place. Many of these
Dragons were already recognized as Demons, and honestly, many of them had higher
positions than Mary. That’s why she arranged for the refurbishment of her
aviary, and even the food she served to them was switched to high quality,
ensuring that there would be no disrespect. The expenses she had now became
considerably higher, but as the rumor of her Flying Dragon Services, where one
can ride a Baron-level, High-ranking Demon, had quickly spread around the world,
the reservations for her services were already full. After calculating her
expenses, it can be said that she’s profiting enough.

[...Mary-dono, please allow me to help with carrying that.]

[N-No! There’s no way I can bother Fafnir-sama with things like this...]

[You don’t have to be that stiff, I have been asked by Magnawell-sama to support
you as well as organize the Dragons. I’m sure it’s tough being surrounded by so
many High-ranking Dragons, so please feel free to rely on me.]

[T-Thank you very much.]

After saying this in a calm and polite tone, Fafnir used Humanization Magic to
change into a humanoid form. He then took the luggage that Mary was carrying and
began to help her. Fafnir, who has taken the form of a black-haired man, looked
so charmingly beautiful and masculine that even Mary, who is married,
unconsciously blushed. Thereupon, they heard what seemed to be a flustered
squeal.

[Kyuuu?! Kyukuaahhh?! Kyukkuii, kyuiii!]

[...Lindwurm?]

[Hoohhh... So you’re the White Dragon Miyama-dono talked about huh...]

Mary tilted her head as she saw the White Dragon directly flying towards Fafnir
with her small wings. Hearing her cries, Fafnir looked like he was thinking for
a bit. Then, looking at Lindwurm who had come near her, Fafnir spoke with a
slow, majestic tone.

[And so, White Dragon? What exactly do you mean by “that”?]

Fafnir spoke politely to Mary, a human, but when the other party was a Dragon,
it was a different story. After all, if a lower-ranked Dragon were to
underestimate him, it would bring down Magnawell’s reputation. This is why
Fafnir treats those beneath him with majesty befitting for the “Dragon King’s
Executive”.

[Kyukyuuiii, kyuiii, kyukyuiii!]

[...Humanization Magic huh? You want to learn how to do this?]

[Kyuii!]

[It’s impossible.]

[Kyuuaah?!]

As a Human, Mary doesn’t understand what Lindwurm is saying, but Fafnir, who is
a fellow Dragon, understands exactly what she’s saying. Hearing Lindwurm telling
him that she wanted to learn Humanization Magic, Fafnir brushed off her request.

[Humanization Magic is an extremely advanced form of magic. You, who is still
classified as a monster instead of a Demon, wouldn’t be able to use it.]

[Kyuu... Kyuii, kyukuruu.]

[...I don’t know. Why do you even want to Humanize so badly? Having this form is
just convenient for diplomacy. This isn’t as powerful as our original form, and
there isn’t much advantage in it.]

[Kyukyukuiii, kyuikkyuaaa, kyukkuiikuiii!]

[...Fumu.]

The only Dragons that can be called Demons are those with a certain level of
wisdom and magic power. However, Lindwurm’s race, the White Dragons, is
classified as a Monster, not a Demon. However, Lindwurm is not convinced and
starts telling something to Fafnir, as if she is appealing for something.

[...Your mate is a Human... and so, you want to have the same form as him...
What an unusual child you are.]

From Fafnir’s point of view, Lindwurm was a very strange fellow. In the first
place, Dragons and Humans have very different appearances, and Humans basically
aren’t supposed to be considered as a love interest for a Dragon. Fafnir also
couldn’t evaluate Humans in terms of their looks, not seeing how a Human could
be pretty or ugly. Dragons like them could only recognize Humans as a species
different from themselves. However, Lindwurm recognized Kaito as her mate,
clearly looking at him as a love interest. Moreover, she even earnestly said
that she wanted to become Human in order to become just like Kaito, a Human.

[...Interesting. Should I say that this is also Miyama-dono’s strength? ...Even
Magnawell-sama likes him. If it’s related to Miyama-dono, I guess I can lend you
some help.]

[Kyuii?]

[...What I’m saying is that I’m going to teach you Humanization Magic.]

[Kyuaahh!!!]

[However, it’s impossible for the current you. To begin with, you don’t have the
magic power to use it. Rather, to be able to use Humanization Magic, you need to
have magic power enough for you to be called a Demon.]

[...Kyuu... Kyuaaa...]

Fafnir’s words made Lindwurm look happy for a moment, but hearing the latter
half of his words, she sullenly slumped down.

[Don’t be so discouraged. It’s not like I’m saying there was no way for you to
achieve this.]

[Kyuu?]

[Listen carefully, White Dragon. For a few years from now, you’ll be in your
magic power growth period. During this time, you should eat as much “food with
magic power” as possible. It should be as densely packed with as much magic
power as possible. That way, your magic power will greatly increase.]

[Kyuuu, kyukuuiiii!]

[I know that It won’t be easy but... if you can raise your magic power to a
level where you can call yourself a Demon... I’ll teach you Humanization Magic.]

[Kyuii! Kyukkyukkyuiii!!!]

[...I see, then exert effort as hard as you can.]

A few days after that conversation, Lindwurm was taken in by Kaito and left the
Flying Dragon Service’s aviary. And Lindwurm, who had remembered Fafnir-san’s
advice well... It wasn’t until some time later that she set her eyes on the
Fruits of the World Tree and began to extort Kaito of them at every opportunity
she saw.

---

Slightly smiling after remembering the past, Fafnir started walking away.

(...Even though I said that, I thought it would take her 5 years. Her lack of
patience typical of a child such as her is troubling, but from the looks of it,
it seems like she’s doing her best.)

Remembering Lindwurm who asked him to teach her Humanization Magic when they had
just met again, he wryly smiled. It’s true that her magic power is growing
faster than Fafnir could have imagined, but it’s still about the same as an
adult dragon... Not enough for her to learn Humanization Magic.

(Well, I guess I don’t have to worry about that. Miyama-dono must really care
about that White Dragon. For him to feed her something that managed to increase
her magic power that much... There’s no way that it would be cheap. Fufufu,
interesting... For a Dragon and Human to have feelings for each other and become
family...)

To Fafnir, Kaito was just someone that Magnawell was friends with, and he had a
strong sense of respect for him. However, after that incident with Lindwurm back
in the aviary, he himself became curious about Kaito.

(...Even so, umu... A love story between a Human and a Dragon huh... I guess
I’ve lived long enough for me to see something like this. For now, I’ll just
wait and see... Until that time when you can be called a Demon, Lindwurm...)

The sight of a Human and a Dragon walking hand in hand, just like husband and
wife. Imagining such a future, a kind smile appeared on Fafnir’s lips.
