---
toc: true
---

# Serious-senpai's Room: Act 14

Serious-senpai is in her usual waiting room, reading the 14th Volume of “I Was
Caught Up in a Hero Summoning, but That World is at Peace” as usual. She may
complain about the sweet development of the book and nitpick just about
everything after she finishes reading, but while reading, she becomes
seriousness itself.

Closing the book and putting it on the table, Serious-senpai takes a sip of her
hot choccy as if it were a routine and lets out a sigh.

[...Good. I have to admit, this volume has been quite commendable from my
perspective.]

She seems to be satisfied with the content of the current volume, as instead of
shouting as she usually does, she murmurs, seemingly solemnly digesting the
content.

[There were a lot of sweet parts. There was that time like in Isis’ date, where
I experienced what felt like a combination of dizziness, headaches, nausea and
hives... but there was also seriousness!]

Yes, Serious-senpai has an extremely simple mind. Even if 99% of the content is
lovey-dovey, if she could find even 1% seriousness, she’d give her evaluation
like an easy person and praise it highly.

[I especially liked how Shallow Vernal started to make her move as the Last Boss
and her presence started growing. It’s a very exciting development, like there’s
a lot of scheming going on, as if there was a harbinger of something big that’s
about to come. This part alone has enough seriousness for me to turn a blind eye
to the other stuff!]

[Is that how it is?]

[...Where did you come from, Airhead God?]

[I heard you talking about my story after all.]

Shallow Vernal suddenly appears in front of the excited Serious-senpai, and as
if it was a matter of course, she created her own seat and sat down. Also, as a
side note, all of Serious-senpai’s words until Shallow Vernal appeared were just
her monologuing.

[...Well, there’s no point throwing retorts to that guy. That aside, well done!
As you had told Kaito, you’re moving along nicely as the Last Boss!]

[Oh my, I was praised. By the way, can I ask you something?]

[Unnn?]

After responding to Serious-senpai’s praise with her usual expressionless face
and monotone voice, Shallow Vernal sips tea she seemingly produced out of
nowhere before speaking.

[This much is obvious, but the Web Novel is ahead of the current story.]

[Eh? Y-Yeah, that’s right. The story there is a long way ahead.]

[I’m asking you this with the understanding that you’re here, already knowing
that.]

[O-Ou.]

[...You already know what happens after this, right?]

[Stop! Seriously, stop! Yeah, you saying that would be spoilers, but can you
freaking stop with those ruthless remarks?! At least, let me dream here...]

At Shallow Vernal’s words, which she spoke in an indifferent manner,
Serious-senpai stopped her, looking pale and flustered. While she understands
what exactly Shallow Vernal is trying to convey, she can’t let her continue to
speak about what happens later.

[F-For the time being, just do your best as the Last Boss.]

[In this first place, my aim is to be lovey-dovey with Kaito-san so...]

[STOOOOOOP! YEP, THIS VOLUME ENDS HERE!!! THE END, NOTHING LEFT TO READ HERE,
SHOO SHOO!!!]

It wouldn’t have mattered if it was just the current seriousness that was being
destroyed, but Serious-senpai found it unbearable that even the future
seriousness is being destroyed. In a sense, it’s rather ironic, but this time
too, Serious-senpai’s screams could be heard in the waiting room.
