---
template: afterword
---

# Afterword

For picking up the 9th Volume of “I was Caught up in a Hero Summoning, but That
World is at Peace”, thank you very much. In a previous Afterword, I said that if
the year leading up to the Festival of Hero is one whole part, then the Kuro arc
would be the climax of Part 1 and the Vier arc is the climax of Part 2, and that
is finally coming to full fruition.

Earth God, who is the new character that appeared this time, is closely related
not only to Shallow Vernal, but also to Alice, and can be said to be a very
important key character. In terms of her position, she is the God of the world
in which Kaito was born and raised, and she will be involved in the story at
various important points in the future. To be honest, Earth God’s character has
changed a lot compared to her Web Novel equivalent. In the Web Novel, in the
beginning, she was “a character who speaks only with words”. Well, as the story
progressed to the latter half of the Web Novel, her tone changed and she’s
making use of a normal polite way of speaking... but as for the reason?

It’s for the author’s convenience, who now thinks that her earlier way of
speaking, the way they imagined her to be, was tedious.

Then, there’s the other promise in this volume, the relationship between Vier
and Funf. This itself has been hinted at in previous volumes, but it seems that
time is nearing and the details became clear. Funf didn’t appear this time in
the Web Novel, and the promise with Vier is a change added in the Light Novel.
Therefore, Vier arc is going to have a lot of revisions, and even though I’m the
one who’s holding the steering wheel here, I’m sometimes afraid to look where
this ship is sailing.

Speaking of changes in the Light Novel, there’s another major one in this
volume. Yes, it’s the Kuromueina chapter in the first chapter, the one you see
after opening this book. In fact, after that big event that could be called the
turning point of the Web Novel’s Part 1, or after the Kuromueina arc in the
Light Novel, Kuromueina was a little overshadowed and appeared less and less in
the novel until about the Six Kings Festival, although in some sense, it can’t
be helped. She was being referred to as Main Heroine (lol), and the author
themself using this gag... but she is the main heroine of this novel, and she
will firmly hold onto her presence in this volume.

Well, of course, since she’s the main heroine, Kuromueina is the author’s
favorite character, and she is completely favored by the author. I think most of
the revisions in the Light Novel are related to Kuromueina. After her would be
Isis and Illness, as they have new chapters written for them. On the other hand,
Alice, who has appeared often in the Web Novel, hardly has new chapters written
for her. Though I say that, the crucial moment of the next volume will be Alice
Arc. Well, there were many stories in this volume that would still continue in
the next and subsequent volumes, and I hope you enjoyed them.

Considering that the next volume will be the commemorative Volume 10, I’m deeply
moved. I’m able to reach this far thanks to all the readers who have read our
work and picked up our series. Thank you very much for reading to the end.

I would be very happy if you could look forward to the next volume and the ones
beyond that.
