---
toc: true
---

# Epilogue

As I was writing my diary in my room at the inn in Hydra Kingdom, I suddenly
remembered a conversation I had with Alice not long ago.

[...Hey, Alice.]

[What is it?]

When I called out to her, Alice immediately appeared and tilted her head.

[You remember what you told me before? About how there’s a 20% chance of
something happening... Were you talking about this situation back then?]

[No, this is a completely different matter. Though I say that, if you were to
ask me if it will happen or not, it’s more likely not to happen.]

I asked Alice about the 20% she had mentioned a short while ago... and the way
she said it makes me feel uneasy. However, with the way she’s speaking... it
seems like Alice isn’t willing to tell me the details about it. At least, not
yet.

[...I won’t force you to tell me about it if you don’t want to.]

[I’m sorry, this subject is rather sensitive... I’ll talk about it when I need
to.]

Well, since Alice said it like that, that probability is probably related to
some kind of complicated situation. I trust her decision, so if Alice doesn’t
feel the need to inform me now, it’s probably for the best.

[Well, I guess there’s no point in worrying about it. Besides, it’s not likely
to happen, is it?]

[That’s right... There’s just roughly a “25%” chance of that happening!]

[It increased though?!]

When I sharply threw a tsukkomi back at the increased 5 points, Alice laughed
somewhat happily, and seeing her like that, I couldn’t help but chuckle along
with her. This ended our conversation... is what I thought, but after a little
while, Alice’s expression became serious as she seriously spoke.

[...By the way, Kaito-san. Have you noticed anything strange around you lately?]

[Anything strange? No, nothing really comes to mind...]

[...I see.]

[Did something happen?]

[H-Hmmm... If you ask me what it is, I myself am troubled about it. You could
say that it may have just been my imagination, but I feel a little tense
lately... With all the preparations for the Six Kings Festival and the other
things going on, my mind may have just been too frazzled.]

Alice smiled wryly as she said that. However, I wonder why? It’s not so great as
to say I have a hunch... but I feel an inexplicable anxiety in my chest, as if
something was about to happen.

---

Standing on the rooftop of the inn where Kaito sleeps... Alice was looking at
the stars in the night sky, thinking to herself.

(I really wonder what this could be? This restless feeling... “as if someone is
watching me”... No, I guess I’m just thinking too much. The only people who can
slip through my detection are Kuro-san or Shallow Vernal-sama... However...)

It was easy to conclude that it was just her imagination. But her intuition,
based on her vast experience, refutes that. It’s telling her that she shouldn’t
be optimistic...

(Optimism really is the most dangerous thought. Assumptions should be made even
further beyond the worst... In that case, let’s assume that they are there. I
don’t know who their target is, whether it’s me or Kaito-san... but there’s
someone watching us, and I can’t perceive their presence at all. Assuming that’s
the case... This is troublesome.)

Alice’s thoughts and intellect are the best in the world. Therefore, she assumes
all eventualities. Everything, including those possibilities that don’t have 1%
of a chance happening...

(This isn’t Shallow Vernal-sama. I have never felt this way before, so it would
be better if I think of them as a different being... That means they are a being
comparable to the almost omnipotent Shallow Vernal-sama huh... When it comes to
a fight, is the me right now capable of winning against them? This “me who has
lost my former strength”...)

After thinking that much, Alice moves her gaze away from the sky and looks
towards the direction of the room Kaito was in.

(No, it doesn’t matter what kind of being the other party is... I will protect
Kaito-san without fail. Never again... Never will I lose someone again!)

As strong determination dwelled within Alice’s heart... From above the skies...
richly-colored eyes stared at her back.
