---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 2: Twelve Days for Her

The 19th Day of the Wind month, night.

Kuro, who had come to visit me, has returned home, and as usual, this would be
the time I would go to bed but... I can’t seem to sleep well today, or rather,
I’m not feeling very sleepy. It’s not that I had a really long siesta earlier
though, my eyes really are just wide awake. I could have stayed in bed and
closed my eyes until I fell asleep, but I somehow felt like having a little
walk, so I decided to leave my room and headed for the garden in the mansion.

As one would expect from a noble, Lilia-san’s mansion has a very large garden.
First of all, the distance from the gate to the mansion is quite long, and the
garden has a fountain and flower beds, making it look a bit like a park. Behind
the house, there’s a training field and a large grassy area where I usually
brush Bell, so a short walk in the garden is more than enough. Giving a quick
hello to the night guard I met in the hallway, I told her I was going for a walk
in the garden, and then I walked out of the mansion with the portable
illumination magic tool I had purchased from Alice before in my hand.

As soon as I left the mansion though, I noticed that the moon was much brighter
today, so I didn’t really need the illumination magic tool to walk around.
Walking leisurely through the moonlit garden, I looked at the fountain and the
flower beds. It’s very quiet. I don’t really mind noisy places, but this kind of
quietness at night is also quite nice. As I was thinking about this, I suddenly
heard a familiar voice.

[...Kaito-san?]

[Eh? Lilia-san? You’re still outside at this hour, is something the matter?]

When I turned around, I saw Lilia-san wearing a cardigan over a thin one-piece
dress. Hearing my words, Lilia-san spoke with a wry smile on her face.

[If anything, that should be my line but... I had finished my work and wanted to
catch some night breeze before going to bed.]

[I see... I also have the same reason. My eyes were wide-awake, so I thought I’d
take a quick walk and come here.]

[I see. How should I say this... What a coincidence.]

[Right.]

Exchanging smiles with Lilia-san... Neither of us suggested it, but we naturally
started walking side by side. Perhaps, she had just finished taking a bath, as
while I walked next to Lilia-san, I could smell the faint scent of shampoo,
which somehow makes my heart skip a beat.

[...Speaking of which, the flowerbeds in this mansion seem to have a lot of
flowers with white shades.]

[Ahh, those were... we just ended up having a lot of them. You see, my alias is
based after a white flower after all.]

[Errr, White Rose Valkyrie, right?]

[Yes, well. It’s rather embarrassing, so I don’t really like that alias.]

The expression of the smiling Lilia-san seemed softer than before as we
exchanged idle chit-chat. No, Lilia-san was always a kind person, but recently,
I think she has been smiling more often than before.

[...How should I say this... It may just be our imagination, but lately, your
expression seems softer than before, Lilia-san.]

[...I suppose that might be the case. Perhaps, it’s because the issues I’ve been
carrying on my back have been resolved, and I have a little more composure in my
heart... I guess this is thanks to Kaito-san.]

Sieg-san’s voice returned, and she was able to find the people who had once
framed the Knight Order and got them to admit their guilt, giving her tense mind
some breathing room. This may be reflected in her facial expression and
atmosphere. No, I guess you could say that... Lilia-san just returned to how she
originally was. I think it was a great change... At least, I think that
Lilia-san, smiling happily like this, is very attractive.

[I don’t really think I did that much, but I’m glad I was able to help
Lilia-san.]

[...I can’t really speak for others, but being too humble is a bad habit,
Kaito-san. In fact, I just understood it when everything had ended. The goals I
was trying to achieve were difficult, and even if I had spent a really long time
on it, I may not have been able to accomplish even one of them on my own.]

Indeed, Lilia-san’s goals may have been difficult. In order to restore
Sieg-san’s voice, she would need the Fruit of the World Tree. It seems that
Lilia-san had no intention of participating in the Sacred Tree Festival unless
we had approached her about it, and if she had missed the chance to obtain it at
that time, there was no telling where she might have had the next opportunity to
obtain it. Without the information provided by Alice, it would have been
difficult to trace the people who had framed the Knight Order. Even if she had
been able to reach them, they were said to be nobles with great authority, so it
might have been difficult to get them to admit their guilt.

[...It’s thanks to you. It’s no exaggeration to say that it’s all thanks to you.
I’m really thankful to you... That’s why, please don’t be modest and at least,
accept these feelings of mine.]

[...Yes.]

[Well, I’ve had a lot of stomachaches in exchange for all that though.]

[Ugghh. W-When you say it like that...]

Although she had struck me at a sore spot, Lilia-san doesn’t seem to be angry,
as she said this with an innocent, but somewhat teasing smile. Just like that,
we continued chatting and lightly circled the garden, before we returned to the
entrance of the mansion. It would be a lie if I said I did not feel some sense
of regret, but it was a good time for us to part ways. As I was having such
thoughts in mind, Lilia-san suddenly told me in a gentle voice.

[...Thank you very much for today. It was a fun time.]

[Ahh, no, it was my pleasure.]

Up to that point, the conversation we’re having was quite normal. There was
nothing strange about it. Within such a conversation, my thoughts went blank
when Lilia-san stood on tiptoes and brought her face close to mine, and I felt a
soft touch on my cheek.

![Insert 2](../../_Images/v09/Insert2.png#.insert)

[...Eh?]

[...Good night, Kaito-san.]

It took me a few moments to realize what had just happened. In the meantime,
Lilia-san smiled and went inside the mansion.

[...Eh?]

I, who was left alone, kept my hand lightly on my cheek and just kept on
dumbfoundedly staring at the door Lilia-san disappeared to. The only thing I can
say... is that I may not be able to sleep today.

---

After leaving Kaito and returning to her room, Lilia closed the door to her
room, before flopping down on the floor.

(...A-Arehh? W-What did I just do?)

Her heart pounding so loudly, Lilia’s face was blushing tremendously.

(Once again, I realized that the me right now is thanks to Kaito-san, and that
makes me very happy, content... and unable to suppress the feeling that I love
Kaito-san... A-Awawa.)

Holding her face that became as red as boiled octopus with both hands, Lilia
writhed on the floor. Moving so spontaneously that it could be said she did it
unconsciously... She had kissed Kaito on his cheek. As she remembered this and
understood what she had done, her face turned so red that it looked like it was
about to release steam already.

(W-W-W-What should I do?! F-For me to have done something like that... W-What
face could I have when I meet Kaito-san tomorrow? That’s impossible! I mean,
even though I was aware that I love him, it would be really hard for me to not
be conscious of it... T-This is just impossible!)

Because it was late at night, the last remaining reason she had held her back,
but otherwise, she might have half-destroyed the room before fainting in agony.
That is how serious of a matter this event was for Lilia.

(H-He must have thought I was a strange woman... Aaaaaahhhh, w-what should I
do... This is impossible. I definitely can’t sleep like this! I mean, I’m
starting to be afraid that tomorrow is coming... S-S-S-Seriously, what should I
do...)

After that, Lilia-san ended up writhing in agony with a bright red face all
night long.

---

Even after I came back to my room, I couldn’t get the earlier incident out of my
mind at all. No matter how stupid I am, I know that Lilia-san’s action earlier
isn’t just simple skinship. So, that means, Lilia-san sees me... as an object of
interest and has feelings for me... This is, how should I say this... It makes
me happy. Lilia-san is the first person I met when I came to this world, and she
has always been a great help to me. She is a kind and warm person, and the
reason I am able to truly enjoy my days in this world is largely because I met
her. She is unlike the nobles I had imagined... but she is a very respectable
and strong woman, and even though we are only one year apart in age, she is
someone I respect with all my heart.

However, not only that, but she’s a person filled with emotions for a person of
her age... She happily laughs, she gets surprised, she can also get mad and cry.
She’s a friendly person. Most of all, she was bottomlessly kind and always,
always really cared about me with all her heart. I had just arrived in another
world and didn’t know what was left and right, but she taught me about this
world... providing me with food, clothing and shelter, things that are essential
to life.

She took care not to make living in an all-female mansion have a negative
influence on me, and even went out of her way to buy me the things I needed for
daily life. I was unintentionally getting into all sorts of trouble, and
troubling her for knowing various extraordinary people, but even so, as if it
was a matter of course, she told me that she never once thought of me as a
nuisance. Although she had a troubling habit of carrying various
responsibilities on her shoulders and continuing to work by herself without
outwardly showing it, this habit has now been improved... and I really think
she’s an incredibly attractive woman.

If I were to be asked what I think about such a Lilia-san... Of course, I like
her. Thinking about this again, I felt a thump within my heart. I think I’ve
always had some feelings for Lilia-san... However, my feelings of gratitude and
feeling apologetic for the daily inconvenience I was bringing her precedes that,
making me unable to notice it.

Uwaahhh, what should I do now... Becoming aware of this... I’m feeling extremely
embarrassed?!

Thinking about Lilia-san again, I quickly realized how I felt. That’s just how
big and strong Lilia-san’s presence had become in my mind. As I felt a strange
sense of embarrassment within me, I had this feeling that my relationship with
Lilia-san—from now on, was going to change greatly.

---

The 21th day of the Wind month.

I’m in a bit of a pickle at the moment... That is because I was extremely
surprised when Lilia-san kissed me, and I was able to reaffirm my own feelings
at the same time as I knew how she felt. At that point, it was good.

...The problem is that after three days, not only has there been no progress
with our relationships, but it feels like we have stepped backwards... It seems
that it has made my relationship with her quite awkward. Since that day, I don’t
know if I should say that Lilia-san has been avoiding me or not... When I talk
to her, she would flusteredly put an end to our conversation before going away.
If I had to guess why, I’d say it was because of that kiss... Because for
Lilia-san, it’s like she’s already confessed her feelings, and I can understand
why the shy Lilia-san is that flustered. Currently, I’m in a situation where she
isn’t responding to me, and I’m sure she’s feeling anxious and doesn’t know how
she should treat me.

However, the problem is that when I try to talk to her about it, she runs away
immediately, so the conversation never progresses and there’s no chance for me
to express my feelings. Moreover, she isn’t just lightly avoiding me, she
straight up dashes away... Just a slight hint of that topic peeking out, she
would disappear from my field of sight with frightening speed... I’m feeling
troubled.

[...So that’s how it is, but what do you think I should do?]

[I see, so that’s why Lili was acting strange at that time... Hmmm.]

Hearing my story, Sieg-san tilted her head, looking troubled. I consulted
Sieg-san, thinking that she was the best person in this mansion to ask for
advice, but it really doesn’t seem to be easy to do.

[With Lili’s personality, she’d probably run away even if you pushed her...
Though I say that, that doesn’t mean you can just let this drag on and on... She
might be troublesome, but there’s a really steady method through this
situation.]

[Ohhh, what kind of method is that?]

[Yes, that is—]

[I have heard the situation!]

[?!]

[...Eh? Lunamaria-san?]

Hearing a sharp voice interrupting Sieg-san’s words, I looked back at the source
of the voice, and there stood Lunamaria-san... Why is she leaning against the
wall with her arms crossed? Also, I don’t know why you have that smug smile on
your face, but stop that, it’s kind of irritating me... Lunamaria-san, who
suddenly appeared, spoke with a nasty grin on her face, lightly placing her
finger on her forehead.

[...Let this Pilot of Love guide you through this predicament!]

[...Lunamaria-san, aren’t you ashamed, calling yourself that?]

[Why did you calmly tsukkomi?! M-Miyama-sama... A good man would go with the
flow here, you know?]

[I-Is that so...]

To be honest, I don’t think I can rely on this self-proclaimed Pilot of Love at
all, and after silently letting out a smile that really seemed to put on airs,
she greatly nodded and turned towards us.

[...I have a great idea!]

[Ah, no thanks.]

[Wait right there?! Miyama-sama?!]

[So, Sieg-san. The steady method you’re talking about...]

[You’ll just ignore me?!]

...That’s most probably because what she thinks wouldn’t work. I don’t need to
hear about it anymore. Also, there’s simply a difference in my trust between
Lunamaria-san and Sieg-san... I don’t even have to think about which one to
consult between the kind and sincere Sieg-san or the twisted Lunamaria-san, who
teases people so much that it feels like it’s her purpose in life. But well, she
seems to have lots of confidence in her idea... So if it’s just listening, I
guess that should be fine? I’m not really expecting anything from her answer
though... I mean, that’s Lunamaria-san we’re talking about here.

[...I-I wonder why? I somehow feel like I’m being spoken ill of within
Miyama-sama’s mind...]

[...Haahhh... Fine. Then, please let me hear your ideas just in case.]

[I’ve brought the keys to Milady’s room, so you—]

[Rejected. Thank you, next.]

[Isn’t that too fast?!]

[...Luna, can’t you be a bit more serious...]

Suggesting me to go night-crawling, I knew that she would be suggesting a stupid
idea... It was stupid of me to think that there’s even a chance that she would
make a serious suggestion. Deciding that I should ignore Lunamaria-san once
again, I called out to Sieg-san, who is just as dumbfounded as I am.

[Sieg-san, can I ask what your suggestion is again?]

[Eh? Yes, though I say that, my suggestion is normal... I think you should give
her a present. It will be Lili’s birthday soon, and I think it will be enough of
an opportunity to talk.]

[...Eh? Lilia-san’s... birthday?]

I couldn’t help but ask back because I was more interested with what Sieg-san
said, being that it would soon be Lilia-san’s birthday.

[Yes, it’s on the 2nd day of the Light month.]

[...Isn’t that real soon already?!]

[Fumu, that’s a pretty good idea, Sieg. We’re going to be having a small party
at the mansion, and you can give your present at that time...]

[...You’re still here huh, Lunamaria-san.]

Although I was dumbfounded since Lunamaria-san still joined the conversation, I
felt that it was indeed a good idea. Including today, there are only ten days
until the 2nd day of the Light month... I think that’s plenty of time for me to
prepare my present. Besides, I have always been indebted to Lilia-san, and she
even gave me that formal suit the other day... I was just thinking about getting
her something in return... Since it would give me a chance to talk to Lilia-san
and thank her, I think it was like killing two birds with one stone.

[It certainly is a really good idea... Thank you, Sieg-san! I’m really glad that
I consulted Sieg-san!]

[I-Is that so? I-If you’re glad from that, then I’m happy too.]

[Sieg-san has really always been helping me...]

[That’s not true. I’m the one who’s always being helped by Kaito-san instead.]

Feeling really glad that I consulted with Sieg-san, I held her hand, and
Sieg-san bashfully smiled at me, her cheeks blushing red. When I was feeling
somewhat happy seeing her cute actions... I heard Lunamaria-san’s voice,
sounding somewhat amazed.

[...If you’re going to flirt, could you please do it somewhere else?]

[Kaito-san, if there’s anything I can help you with, please tell me anything.]

[Thank you very much. Hearing you say that feels really reassuring.]

[Well, I guess it can’t be helped... for Miyama-sama and Milady’s sake, this
unworthy Lunamaria would also pitch in and...]

[No, thank you.]

[Wait a moment right there! Miyama-sama, isn’t your attitude to me different
from your treatment with Sieg?! Do you value your lover that much?!]

[Yes.]

[Guhhh... M-Miyama-sama has already come to say such things huh.]

Putting aside Lunamaria-san’s dubious offer of cooperation, thanks to Sieg-san’s
help, I’ve decided on an objective and I will now try to work towards it. Based
on the advice I received from Sieg-san, I thought of a gift to give Lilia-san
for her birthday. I thought about giving Lilia-san an accessory because she
hardly wears one... But since I have lots of time to prepare, I decided to
prepare something a little more elaborate. However, the only problem is that I’m
not sure if I’ll be able to prepare what I have in mind...

[...A music box magic tool?]

[Unnn. Do you think it’s possible to make something like that?]

So, I’m going through what I do as usual... In times that I’m in trouble, I
would ask Kuro’s help. I asked Kuro, who showed up in my room at night as usual,
and after I summarized the situation to her, I asked.

[Unnn. Rather, they are used as a high-class present, so my company also deals
with them. Of course, there’s also regular music boxes, but magic tools are more
popular because they are more compact and can hold various mechanisms.]

[I see.]

As expected, the music box itself seems to exist in this world, and they’re
often used as presents. This is very important information... I learned about
this when I first asked about the calculator. If I use a magic tool to recreate
a machine from my world, she will be more surprised before she could even feel
happy, and there’s also complicated stuff involved like patents. So, it’s better
to use a product that exists in this world and is somewhat famous.

[I think a music box as a present is a great idea. If you want to add some
elaborate trick in it, should I make it for you?]

[Ahh, no... Actually, I’m wondering if I could make that magic tool?]

[Kaito-kun will?]

Of course, if I ask Kuro, she’ll be able to make the greatest music box in the
world. However, this music box will be my present to Lilia-san as a gesture of
gratitude. There’s no reason for me to just have Kuro make it for me and then
give that to Lilia-san.

[Unnn. I’d like to make it on my own as much as possible... No, of course I
don’t know much about how to make it, so I’m sure I’ll have to ask Kuro and
Alice for help...]

[Hmmm. Let’s see... The technique used for a magic tool’s music box function
itself is very simple, and since Kaito-kun can do simple writing these days...
Unnn, it should be alright. I’ll teach you how to write the difficult parts.]

[Ohh, that would be great. Thanks.]

I’m still receiving magic lessons from Kuro, and thanks to that, I’m making a
lot of progress as well. I can’t make a magic tool from scratch yet, but I can
add simple actions to the original magic formula. According to Kuro, the music
box magic tool isn’t that difficult, and the difficulty is just right for a
novice magic tool maker to challenge.

[Then, you could consult Shalltear with the design of the box and other stuff,
so how about we learn the magic technique used?]

[Yeah, alright!]

[So, Kaito-kun, what “song” are you going to place in it?]

[...Eh?]

After nodding with a smile, I heard the words Kuro told me, making me stiffen in
place... Song? The music itself...?

[...Ah.]

[Could it be... You haven’t thought of that at all?]

[...Ugghhh...]

[Kaito-kun... You do know we can’t make it without at least some musical score,
right?]

[It’s as you say...]

Her argument is so good that I can’t even make a sound to refute it at all. I’m
thinking about making a music box, but I didn’t even think that music boxes have
music in them... I’m an idiot... Seeing me slumping my shoulders, Kuro let out a
slightly troubled smile and spoke to me in a gentle tone of voice.

[Well, let’s just study the basic techniques for today. You can try to find a
song starting tomorrow, okay?]

[U-Unnn... Thanks.]

[I’ll do whatever I can to help you, so let’s do our best!]

[...Yeah!]

Very reassuring and thankful words... Whether it’s Sieg-san or Kuro... I really
got wonderful lovers. Anyhow, I’m going to Alice’s general store tomorrow to
consult with her about making a music box. I’ll also consult with her about the
music while I’m there. Alice herself has always been my escort, so I don’t have
to go to the general store if I just want to talk to her... but she has a
workshop there, so I think going to her workshop would inspire this blank slate
in my mind.

---

The 22th day of the Wind month, the day after I decided to make a music box. I
came to Alice’s general store and after I explained the situation to her, she
became astounded.

[...You were trying to make your own music box, but didn’t think about the music
at all... Kaito-san, you’re sometimes forgetful huh.]

[Guhh... I don’t have any words to snap back to that.]

[Ahaha, however, it’s pretty hard to choose a song, you know... Duchess Lilia
had quite the discerning ears after all.]

[Eh? I-Is that so?!]

I listen to Alice’s words as she tells me with a chuckle, I ask back in
astonishment. I’m not really that familiar with the music of this world, and the
music of the original world is impossible for me to recreate, as I can’t even
read the notes properly.

[Of course, Duchess Lilia is former royalty after all, so her standards need to
be at least around the musical performance by the royal orchestra.]

[Mnghhh... How troubling. I only know a couple of songs from this world...]

[Now, now, that’s where this Alice-chan, known as the “Music Prodigy”, comes
in.]

[...I’ve never heard that you’re ever known for that.]

A slight smile forming around her mouth, the self-proclaimed music prodigy
Alice, smugly posed... What is this... She stinks of dubiousness... Alice then
crouches behind the counter and starts rummaging through something.

[Errr, where did I place it again... It’s been a long time since I used it...
Ahh! Here it is!]

[That is... a violin?]

Pulling out what looked like a violin from behind the counter, Alice looked at
it from various angles to check it out for a bit. She probably had casted a
State Preservation Magic on it before. After lightly moving her finger to remove
the magic casted on it, Alice props up the violin by her arm as I look at her,
confused.

[...The theme is love, and the tune would be pop. That should be good, right?]

[Alice? Huh?!]

I was about to ask her what she was going to do, but I immediately became
speechless. Alice moved her hands and began to play... The sound that echoed
from that violin sounds so overwhelming, even for me, who isn’t very
knowledgeable about music. The gentle, harmonious echoing melody, sometimes
lonely, sometimes bright and cheerful, seems to captivate me, deeply resonating
into my heart. What is this song? Anyway, it’s a really good song... This song
makes me feel so relieved, I couldn’t help but close my eyes and listen to it.
As Alice continued playing for a few minutes, when the song ended, I couldn’t
help but reflexively clap my hands.

[Something like that, I guess?]

[That was a great song! What’s that song’s title?]

[Eh? “I composed it just now”, so I still haven’t decided on a title yet.]

[...Huh? Eh? Eeehhhh?!]

She made that just now?! That amazing song was just an impromptu song?!
U-Unbelievable. What the heck is she... What kind of things does she have in her
head? In front of the astonished me, Alice pulls out a clean sheet of paper and
smoothly writes a score using her free hand in the blink of an eye. This woman
is a freaking monster...

[A-Alice... You can also compose music?]

[Eh? Yeah, well, I can generally do most things. I can use all the instruments,
and I’ve written about “20000 songs” before...]

[...]

Seriously, what is with Alice’s incomprehensibly high specs? I feel like she
could make as much money as she wants if she really just wanted to. When I was
thinking about this, Alice turned her face away, and quietly spoke, sounding a
bit lonely.

[...Well, I’ve generally mastered all of them. What I only have... is a
disgusting amount of time after all...]

[...Alice?]

[It’s nothing! Let’s start thinking about the design of the music box. Since
Kaito-san is going to make it yourself, we don’t want it to be too complicated,
but at the same time, we want to make sure that it still has some mechanisms in
it.]

[Y-Yeah...]

Truly, Alice is still a mystery to me, even now that I’m close to her. Even
though I knew the secret that her true identity was the Phantasmal King, it
feels as if there was something deeper than that... However, this is probably
not the best time to ask. I’m sure Alice doesn’t want to answer either. One day,
when Alice’s heart is ready... I wish... I could hear it from her though.

---

The 23th day of the Wind month.

The land in front of me is covered in pure white ice. I know that I’m okay
thanks to Shiro-san’s blessing, but was it because I’m outdoors that I’m feeling
somewhat cold?

[...I’m sorry, Isis-san. Suddenly barging in and asking you this request...]

[...No... If it’s Kaito... you’re always... welcome.]

[Thank you.]

[...Unnn... You need... jewels... right?]

Yesterday, I decided to make a music box as a present for Lilia-san, so I went
to Alice’s yesterday and she got some designs and mechanisms prepared, and I’m
currently in the process of gathering materials for that. First of all, in order
to get jewels for the main mechanism, I went to Isis-san’s home and relied on
her help. I can’t thank Isis-san enough for her kindness in spite of my sudden
visit.

[Yes, what kind of jewel do you think would be good? I’m not really that
familiar with jewels...]

[...You’re going to use... that for a mechanism, right? ...It might be a
challenge but... I think the Midnight Crystal... might be good.]

[Midnight Crystal...?]

[...Unnn... There’s a jewel that has a deeper shade of blue and was quite
rare... compared to the Ice Crystals... and it was called Midnight Crystal...
It’s tough... but it doesn’t easily crumble... It stores magic power... but not
as much as magic crystals... So it’s easy to work with.]

I see, Midnight Crystals are a type of Ice Crystals, but are even rare compared
to the rare Ice Crystals. When I came to visit Isis-san before, I was allowed to
mine it just for fun, but I don’t think I remember seeing anything like it.

[...I see, that means it wouldn’t be easy to find.]

[...Unnn... but... it’s alright... If I search for it... I’ll immediately find
one.]

[I appreciate the thoughts, Isis-san... but I’d like to try to do as much as I
can... Ahh, of course, I know I can’t do it all alone but...]

[...Okay... If that’s what Kaito wants to do... I will support you.]

Hearing me saying that I want to do as much as possible with my own power,
Isis-san nodded to me with a gentle smile on her face. After that, she held her
hand over a pile of ice in front of her, clad in flashing bluish-white magic
power.

[...However... even a little bit... Let me help you.]

[?!]

In the next moment, a dazzling flash of light shot out of Isis-san’s hand like a
laser, punching through multiple holes in the mountain of ice. Afterwards, a
pillar of ice appeared inside, reinforcing the tunnel, preventing it from
collapsing. In a matter of seconds, the mountain of ice turned into a mine,
making me understand that she’s making it very easy for me to mine.

[...The place where I shaved... doesn’t have jewels... but... with this... I
think... it’s easier to dig... I’ll also case... simple Defensive Magic on you.]

[Thank you! It helps me out a lot.]

[...Unnn... Good luck... While you’re mining... I’ll go prepare you a meal...
So... don’t push yourself too hard.]

[Yes!]

The maintenance of the tunnels, Defensive Magic, she’s really helping me with
all sorts of stuff, I’m really grateful for that. After nodding to Isis-san, who
kindly smiled at me and told me words of support, I entered with pickaxe and all
other tools. I’m still at the beginning of gathering materials, so I have to get
the Midnight Crystal as soon as possible...

Then, three hours mining in the mine, sitting down on the ground, breathing
heavily.

[...I-I can’t find one...]

After entering the tunnels, I diligently started mining and found a good number
of Ice Crystals... However, they are all light blue, and no deep blue Midnight
Crystals have been found. I suppose it could simply be that I’m not used to
mining and my pace is slow, but seriously, how should I say this... I realized
once again why they’re said to be rare. Even though Shiro-san’s blessing keeps
out the cold, it doesn’t seem to be helping out with my fatigue, so I was
completely exhausted. As I was catching my breath and thinking about where to
dig next, I saw Isis-san floating in the air towards me.

[...Kaito... Have you found one?]

[No, not at all... It’s completely difficult finding one.]

[...Really... How about... you take some break? ...I brought you... lunch...]

[T-Thank you.]

It seems that I completely lost track of time that Isis-san had brought a meal
for me. That being said, I was trying to hide my tiredness, but I was also quite
hungry, so it was really great timing. When Isis-san came to my side, with the
appearance of a floating magic circle, a desk and chair were prepared for us.
Thereupon, she placed a large plate on the table and after releasing the State
Preservation Magic, warm steam rises up.

[...I made you... some stew... I also placed some barriers... so it won’t get
cold easily.]

[Thank you. Thank you for the food.]

[...Unnn... Here... Ahhn.]

[...Eh?]

The white stew that Isis-san prepared for me smelled delicious and made my
hungry stomach growl. After thanking her again, I was about to take the spoon...
Isis-san held the spoon and spontaneously scooped up some of the stew and held
it out to my mouth with one hand. Eh? Is this what I think this is? Is this
another one of those meals where I can’t feed myself?

[...Ahhn.]

[A-Ahhn.]

[...What do you think?]

[It feels warm and really delicious.]

The stew, which wasn’t too hot and had a pleasant temperature for my tongue, its
creamy and smoothness soaked into my stomach, gently warming me from the inside.
It was somewhat relieving and delicious, as if this stew is Isis-san’s kindness
given form...

[...That’s good... Eat lots... Okay?]

[...Yes.]

I guess I’m still really embarrassed to admit it but... I wholeheartedly enjoy
such moments of relaxation, enjoying Isis-san’s gentle care that warmed me to
the depths of my heart.

After enjoying Isis-san’s delicious home-cooked meal, just as I stood up to say
that it’s time for me to resume mining, Isis-san suddenly spoke, as if she
thought about something.

[...Speaking of which... Kaito... have your Sympathy Magic... right?]

[Eh? Ah, yes.]

[...The Midnight Crystal... could store magic power... so if you use your
Sympathy Magic... Wouldn’t it be easier to find it?]

[...T-There’s such a way?!]

[...U-Unnn... I don’t really know... if it would really work though.]

I haven’t thought of using my magic that way. I’ve been using Sympathy Magic
only for reading the emotions of others. However, this magic is originally
something that was derived from a power specializing in sensing others, so it
should also be used to sense feeble amounts of magic power. According to
Isis-san, although the Midnight Crystal isn’t as good as a Magic Crystal, it
still has the ability to store magic power... That’s also true for Ice Crystals,
but it seems that Midnight Crystals store a bit more magic power.

[I’ll try it!]

After listening to Isis-san’s advice, I start using the power of my Sympathy
Magic to search for magic power around me. I’m not that great of a magic user,
so I can’t search around a large area but... Searching within the radius of a
few meters should be sufficient enough. When I focused my attention to my
Sympathy Magic, I could definitely feel faint magic power here and there among
the tunnels... However, I don’t understand well the difference between each of
the things I’ve detected immediately, so I decided to walk around, focusing on
my senses for a while.

After about half an hour of going through the tunnels, I felt something that has
a little bit stronger magic power than the others, so I began hitting my pickaxe
at that spot. It seemed to be pretty deep, as it took me some time to get
there... And after digging for a while, I found a deep blue... a navy blue jewel
peeking out of a crevice in the rock.

[Ahh?!]

[...Unnn... No doubt... That’s the... Midnight Crystal.]

Having successfully found the Midnight Crystal, I carefully mined it, changing
tools so as not to damage the jewel, and dug out a few inches of it. I was
unintentionally moved, seeing the Midnight Crystal that I finally found... but I
want to get some more, including some spares, because I don’t think it would be
possible for me to successfully make something in the first try.

[...Wait... A-Arehh? I feel faint...]

[Eh?! Kaito!]

The moment I thought about going through this pace and digging for some more, I
felt the strength on my legs disappear and almost fell down. Isis-san, who
reacted quickly, supported my body, but a feeling of considerable weariness
assaults my body.

[...Wide Area Detection uses a lot of magic power... so you have to take a
break... for about an hour.]

[...I-I see... I understand.]

[...I’ll carry you.]

[Eh?! Wait, Isis-san?!]

[...Kaito... you’re tired... so I’ll... carry you.]

[I-I’m thankful for that but...]

[...Unnn?]

[I-It’s nothing.]

Even though Isis-san is stronger than me, I’m still extremely embarrassed, being
princess carried as a man. However, I couldn’t ask Isis-san, who was seriously
concerned about me, to put me down just because I was feeling embarrassed being
princess carried by her, so in the end, I had to be carried by Isis-san while
enduring my shame.

Unnn, next time, let’s properly think about our usage of magic power... I’ll
definitely be more careful...

---

In order to collect the required number of Midnight Crystals I need, I used my
Sympathy Magic, took a break when my magic power ran out, and then used my
Sympathy Magic again to search... When I couldn’t find them anymore, I changed
mountains and continued searching, making me take two full days to collect the
number of Midnight Crystals I required.

At first glance, I might have looked a bit too optimistic about this... However,
if I’m going to make it anyway, I want to make it as good as possible.
Compromising with this makes me feel like my feelings for Lilia-san are only to
such an extent, so I want to gather the best materials I can, even if the others
think I’m being strangely fussy about it.

And now, on the 25th day of the Wind month. As I was feeling a horrible muscle
ache all over my body, I came to visit a certain place.

“...A good wood?”

[Yes. I don’t mean to be rude for barging in on you out of the blue... but could
you please lend me some wisdom? Lillywood-san.]

Yes, I’m currently visiting the forest city called as the largest city in the
Demon Realm, Yggfresis... I’ve come to a place governed by Lillywood-san. I came
here to obviously ask Lillywood-san, who seems to be the most knowledgeable
about plants and trees among the people I know, to see if she could find a good
wood for the music box. Hearing my words, Lillywood-san nodded with a gentle
smile.

“Of course, I don’t mind... Let’s see, hmmm. I’m a little embarrassed to say it,
but when it comes to wood, I think the ‘branches of the World Tree’ are the
best.”

[Just the name sounds amazing... However, why did you say you’re embarrassed
about that?]

“No, you see... It’s like I’m bragging about myself...”

[Bragging about yourself?]

The World Tree that Lillywood-san is referring to is probably the huge tree that
rises through the clouds that sits in the middle of Yggfresis. A tree straight
out of fantasy, far taller than a mountain, piercing through the skies. However,
I still don’t know why that makes Lillywood-san embarrassed, so I tilted my
head. Thereupon, with a slight blush on her cheeks, as if she was having a hard
time saying it, Lillywood spoke.

“...No, ummm, errr... The World Tree... is my ‘real body’ after all.”

[...Ehh? Eh? Ehhhhhh?!]

“You see, I’m a tree spirit... and as a matter of fact, the real Lillywood
Yggdrasil is the World Tree. You can think of this me that is speaking to
Kaito-san right now, so to speak, is a humanized tree.”

[I see...]

In other words, Lillywood-san is a humanoid version of the World Tree, or
something like that huh. Since she couldn’t move in her tree form, she transfers
most of her magic power to the spirit body and makes it move by her will, but
her real body seems to be the World Tree. Wouldn’t that mean the largest of the
Six Kings... isn’t actually Magnawell-san, but Lillywood-san? I mean, that World
Tree... It looks tens of thousands meters tall...

Ahh, but wait. If that’s the case, wouldn’t we need to cut Lillywood-san’s main
body in order to get a branch of the World Tree?

[H-However, doesn’t that mean I can’t accept that branch?]

“Eh? No, it’s perfectly fine... If you cut it off anyway, it will just grow back
after a few seconds.”

[...I-Is that so.]

It’s easy to forget because of her calmness and her grasp on common sense, but
this person is also someone beyond human intellect, and there’s no way that
common sense applies to her. Anyway, I thought I could get a branch of the World
Tree with this, but for some reason, Lillywood-san seems to be wavering about
something.

“...It’s just, ummm... Kaito-san, you’re going to get the branch yourself?”

[I-If it’s possible, I would like to do it...]

“Hmmm. Don’t you think it will be really difficult? But still, do you not mind
that?”

[Y-Yes! I’ll do my best!]

I didn’t really know what she meant when she said it would be really difficult,
but when I told her that I was going to try as hard as possible for now,
Lillywood-san nodded, levitated me with magic, and took me to a thick branch
around the middle of the World Tree. Even though it’s just a branch, it’s the
branch of the tens of thousands of meters World Tree... Frankly speaking, it
looks really thick, and just running from one side to another seemed like it’d
be difficult.

However, as expected, I don’t think I would be able to cut a branch of this
size, and just as I was thinking about that, a branch that fits just right
appeared... A branch the size of a Japanese cedar just sprung out like it was
normal.

“You can cut this branch. I think this should be enough.”

[Thank you very much. This really helps.]

“Well then, Kaito-san... Here.”

[This is... a saw?]

Lillywood-san handed me a golden saw... This looks like an amazing piece of
jewelry, but does that mean I have to cut off the branch with that?

“...It’s an ‘Orichalcon Saw.’”

[...Eh?]

Orichalcon? Isn’t this like a really amazing thing? Isn’t that like one of the
most powerful equipment in games?

“Well then, I’ll leave 10 saws in case it’s not enough. If it isn’t enough,
please tell me.”

[...Huh?]

“Well then, I wish you good luck.”

[...Ehh?]

For some reason, Lillywood-san just left me some outrageously ominous words,
telling me that she would come for me later and left, leaving me to compare the
legendary saw in my hand with the branch of the World Tree. What is this, I’m
kind of feeling like this is something really difficult again...

And thus, that premonition came true, the sky turned to dusk as I struggled
against a single branch.

[...I-I can’t cut it... It’s too tough.]

Yes, I don’t know how long it’s been since I started trying to cut it... but
I’ve already broken four Orichalcon Saws. However, I didn’t even reach halfway
through. After frantically moving the saw dozens and hundreds of times, I
finally understood what Lillywood-san meant when she said that it would be
really difficult... because with the time I spent sawing it, I’ve only been able
to cut the branch a few inches from where I started.

[I mean, even if I cut this off... wouldn’t it be impossible to process it with
this branch...]

[Ahh, that part’s alright. It’s impossible for Kaito-san to make the branches
into wood, so I’ll do that. I’ll adjust the size and cut them into pieces, so
Kaito-san will just assemble them.]

[I-I see...]

Hearing Alice’s words as she came out of nowhere, I nodded my head, feeling a
bit of despair.

I was thinking that it isn’t necessary to use this outrageous wood... And since
I’m much more familiar with how to use a saw, I should now be able to cut a
normal thin wood...

I mean, to begin with, can I at least buy the wood... No, this won’t do! I
decided to give the best I could possibly give to Lilia-san!!! Don’t lose heart
with just something like this! Get out of my mind, lazy thoughts!!! If I’m
halfway through in half a day or so... Wouldn’t that mean I could cut it in half
after another half a day more?! My manly willpower, burst foooorrrrttthhhh!

[By the way, Kaito-san... That magic tool knife that produces a blade of wind
that you bought in my shop back then... If you pile that on top of the saw, the
wind blade will spread out to the saw and make it much sharper. It’s just a
trivia.]

[...Hey? Alice?]

[What is it?]

[Why didn’t you tell me that earlier? I’ve almost cut halfway through, you know?
That took me hours, you know? You’ve been watching me for a while, haven’t you?
You must be doing that on purpose huh?]

[...Whoa there, come to think of it, I still have a really urgent
meet—Fugyaaahhh?!]

[Wait... Before I go back to cutting this branch, we need to talk.]

Catching Alice by the scruff of her neck as she immediately tried to run away, I
decided to take a break and give her a sermon. After that, thanks to the
wind-blade strengthened saw, the speed at which I cut the branch has been
doubled... In about six hours, I was finally able to cut it off... I feel like
my arms just died.

---

[Ugghhh... Uuuuhhh... My arms hurt... It feels as if they’re surrounded by
concrete.]

[You worked really hard huh? That’s amazing, Kaito-kun... However, don’t push
yourself too hard, okay?]

I started sawing after feeling muscular pain from mining... I can’t feel my arms
anymore, and I really can’t lift them at all. When I was working, I was able to
fool myself thanks to my motivation, but when I returned to the mansion, I
immediately felt the fatigue rush into my body. While I was lying down in her
lap, Kuro gently put her hand on my arm and cast a healing spell on me. As I
feel my stiff arms loosening with her massage, I enjoyed Kuro’s lap pillow.

[...Or rather, even though there’s Body Strengthening Magic, the difficulty of
these materials... It’s too difficult for the normal human me... However, I have
to try my best... Ughhh, I’m tired.]

[Unnn, it was difficult, wasn’t it? The Kaito-kun who is doing your best looks
really cool but... you’ll probably keep on doing this, right? So, how about you
just take a break for now.]

[...Yes, you’re right.]

[Don’t worry... I’ll be right here with you.]

[...Unnn.]

Muttering this, as I felt like I’m able to move a bit more, I put my arms around
Kuro’s waist and lightly hugged her. This is bad, staying like this might turn
into a habit... I don’t know if I should say that I feel relieved when I’m
pampered by Kuro, but I felt like she’s very gently catching me with her arms...
My mind and body feels soothed with her embrace, and I know that I’m ready to
get back to doing my best tomorrow again.

[Kaito-kun... I will always be rooting for Kaito-kun... Do your best.]

[...Unnn.]

The second material I needed is wood made from the branch of the World Tree. It
was absurdly hard and took an outrageous amount of time, but I somehow managed
to obtain it. However, the music box-making process has just begun, and for now,
I need to heal my mind and body—And start doing even better than today.

---

The 26th Day of the Wind month.

In the office of Duchess Albert, the head of the family, Lilia, is somehow
restlessly processing documents. Lilia is an undeniably talented woman, and her
paperwork is handled far faster than the average civilian... But today, she was
different from her usual self, and the paperwork wasn’t progressing very well.

[...Milady? Why are you feeling so jittery since earlier?]

[It doesn’t seem like... you’re feeling unwell huh.]

Lunamaria, Lilia’s personal maid, and Sieglinde, who happened to be visiting the
room for another matter, worriedly called out to Lilia, who was acting
strangely. After that incident that happened when she went to a party with
Kaito, Lilia was acting a bit strange, but that didn’t interfere with her normal
work... Today, however, she was clearly agitated. Hearing their words, Lilia
stopped processing her paperwork for a moment, and letting out a big sigh, she
muttered with a worried expression on her face.

[...This morning, I happened to see Kaito-san... For some reason, he looked very
tired... C-Could it be that he was feeling unwell?!]

[ [ ...... ] ]

[T-Thinking about it, the environment in this world and the world where
Kaito-san came from is different... so he may have been unknowingly soaking up
fatigue...]

[ [ ...Haahhh... ] ]

[...Eh?]

Seeing Lilia speak with a restless look on her face, Lunamaria and Sieglinde let
out a big sigh. And with an amazed expression on her face, Sieglinde calls out
to Lilia.

[If you’re so worried, why don’t you just ask him directly?]

[Ughh?! T-That is...]

[...Ahh, could it be that because Milady has been so cold that Miyama-sama
became depressed and got sick. How pitiful.]

[N-No way! It’s not like I’m being cold to him... It’s just that, ummm...
Errr... Do you think... t-that it’s my fault?]

Hearing the words Lunamaria said to her, Lilia flusteredly tried to deny it
but... As if she couldn’t completely deny it in her mind, her voice gradually
became lower and lower, and finally she had an uneasy look on her face.

[I don’t know if it’s Lili’s fault or not but... It’s true that you’ve been
avoiding Kaito-san lately, right?]

[T-That’s not it... It’s not like I... was avoiding him...]

[Geez, for just a kiss or two, how long are you going to drag this out... I know
that you’re feeling awkward, but you could just mend that kind of stuff along
the way...]

[I-It certainly is as you say but... wait, Luna?! How did you know that?!]

Hearing their words as they told her in a matter-of-fact manner, Lilia shrunk
her body, as if she was being subjected to a punishment game but... hearing
about the kiss from Lunamaria’s mouth, her face turns red.

[No matter what you say, you’re asking that even though you’ve already done
this... Even though he isn’t your fiancé, you went and danced three songs in a
row with the same man...]

[T-That’s not it... T-That’s just so that we could get to the exit...]

[Anyway, if you want to smooth things over, be honest with him. Don’t run away
like a child, and have a proper conversation with Miyama-sama.]

[...Ugghhh... I-I’ll do my best.]

Looking at Lilia as she felt despondent when she heard what Lunamaria said, the
two other women smiled. Then, Sieglinde went back to work, Lunamaria left the
room to make Lilia a cup of tea, and Lilia, who was left alone in the room,
shifted her gaze to the window, her cheeks turning slightly red.

[...I-I can’t tell him... what I really felt...]

In fact, Lilia tried to act close to what Lunamaria had told her the day after
the incident. She tried going back to how she used to act around Kaito, and was
going to put the whole thing behind her... If she acted as she normally does,
Kaito wouldn’t strangely bring up that incident again... However, she wasn’t
able to do that. That’s because on that day Lilia tried to exchange words with
Kaito like usual, an unexpected situation happened...

[...After that day, Kaito-san looks even more dreamier than ever before... and I
can’t look at his face properly...]

Yes, Lilia was actually not feeling awkward about that matter and tried avoiding
Kaito, but was simply perplexed by her ever-growing infatuation. After that day,
her gaze unconsciously follows Kaito, her heart throbbed at each of Kaito’s
gestures, and she came to look for Kaito’s figure more than before.

[...In fact, rather than avoiding Kaito-san, I would frequently check up on
him... I’m not avoiding him, but I was just running away because I was afraid
that I was caught staring at him... But it’s too late to say that now...]

---

Dragging my heavy body, riddled with pain all over my body, I was heading to a
place with Kuro. I’ve collected most of the materials for the music box I’m
going to present to Lilia-san, and today, I had come to a certain town here in
the Demon Realm... in search of the most important component of the magic tools,
the magic crystals. At first, I was going to get the magic crystal myself, but
it seems that mining magic crystals requires a certain amount of skill and is
difficult for amateurs to do, so I obediently decided to buy it instead.

[...Even so, no matter how many times I come here, this city sure is big. It’s
no less than Symphonia’s Royal Capital.]

[This city is one of the biggest in the Demon Realm after all\~\~]

Kuro brought me to the city where the headquarters of the Seditch Magic Tool
Trading Company is located. Well, in other words, we’re in the city where Kuro’s
castle is located, which is considerably large.

[Hmmm. I feel like you can already call this a country by now, but there are no
countries in the Demon Realm, right?]

[Unnn, I suppose so. I mean, this is the biggest city in the Demon Realm. The
only other cities of this size are Lillywood’s Yggfresis and Megiddo’s Battle
City. Other than that, most places are more like villages or settlements, and
the boundaries of the territory are often vague.]

[I see... Even though this place has that big castle.]

[A-Ahaha... No, I did say such a thing isn’t needed... but everyone, including
Ein, built it without permission...]

Seeing Kuro’s troubled and embarrassed expression, I felt a fresh sense of
cuteness as we happily walked along, chatting about various other things, until
we found ourselves in front of another large and eye-catching building.
Apparently, this is the headquarters of the Seditch Magic Tool Company. I had
visited Kuro’s house several times, but this was my first time visiting the
Magic Tool Company. Thereupon, Kuro stops once and takes out a black message
card and gives it to me.

[Here, a letter of introduction.]

[Thanks... If I remember correctly, I wouldn’t need the magic crystal to be too
pure, right?]

[Unnn. The magic tools in the music box don’t consume much magic power, so
there’s no point in buying too many good ones.]

[Alright.]

This time, I told Kuro in advance that I wanted to shop on my own, and she
agreed to do so. That’s because, to be honest... If Kuro comes with me, I would
probably be asking for her opinion on every magic crystal I see... but thanks to
what Kuro taught me, I’ve also learned to distinguish between magic crystals to
some extent, so I’d like to choose and buy them myself if I could. Also, I’m
actually trying to secretly prepare one for Kuro and the others, and for my
other lovers, and so, I’m going to buy them myself so that they won’t find out.

[Then, while Kaito-kun’s shopping... I’m going to go make a new baby castella
for you!]

[?!]

I’ve seen and talked to Kuro almost every night since I came to this world.
Without a doubt, she’s the person I talk to the most and spend the most time
with in this world. Such a Kuro loves baby castellas, and every night, she
prepares a different flavor of baby castella, and the number of baby castellas
I’ve eaten has been outrageously high.

And then, I don’t know when it happened... Just as I’ve been passing my time in
this world, I’ve awakened to a special ability. That special ability... though
it’s limited, it’s the ability to foresee the future! Would it be better to call
it Super Intuition though... It’s that Sixth Sense ability you could see in the
movies. I shuddered, thinking that I’ve gained such a frightening ability.

[...Kuro, wait!]

[Ehh?]

[What are you going to use to make it this time?]

[...Eh? It would be filled with that “tabasco” ingredient from Kaito-kun’s
world.]

[Absolutely stop! Go make something else!]

[Eh? U-Unnn... If Kaito-kun says it that much...]

Yes, my precognition is... the ability to “detect whether the new baby castella
made by Kuro is surprisingly delicious or a baby castella that could only be
eaten as a punishment game”. This is an ability that has been cultivated through
many nights of experience. As a result of going through hell many times, my
intuition has evolved to avoid crisis-inducing baby castellas.

Seriously, if I don’t stop Kuro beforehand, she would just pair up the baby
castellas with a bowl of teriyaki sauce or even a heap of mayonnaise... It’s
frightening how she could just calmly make such outrageous things. In fact, for
the first few months, I felt like I was being forced to play Russian Roulette
everyday... But thanks to this ability, I’m able to avoid dud castellas one out
of three times! Yes, I mean, it can’t be helped... There are times when Kuro
would make two types of baby castellas, times when Kuro would keep what she’s
making a secret, and times when Kuro won’t say it at all... There’s no way I
could avoid all of them.

---

The 27th day of the Wind month.

While there was less than a week to go until Lilia-san’s birthday, I’ve gathered
all the materials I wanted. I was told that the magic crystal didn’t need to be
very high purity, so I bought a blue-colored one to match the color of the
Midnight Crystal. Then, after all the materials were ready, I went to Alice’s
general store, which was the place where I would be working.

[Welcome, Kaito-san!]

[...]

When I opened the door of the general store and saw the stuffed cat that
immediately greeted me, I closed the door almost as if it was reflex. Unnn...
I’ve never seen it for a while, but that stuffed costume really has lots of
impact.

[Why did you shut the door?!]

[No, it’s just because of some reasons... Or rather, it’s been a while since
I’ve seen that stuffed costume.]

[Ahh\~\~ Well, I’m a “clone body” after all\~\~ I have to dress myself as the
shop owner.]

[Yeah. Come to think of it, Fate-san said something like that when she was
here... I’d like to throw a tsukkomi about how being this shop’s owner makes you
think that it should be dressed with a stuffed costume... Before that, am I
correct in understanding that this clone is, in essence, like an alter ego?]

[That’s right\~\~ The main body Alice-chan is over here!]

[Uwoaahhh?!]

Hearing her say that she’s a clone body, I asked, and immediately afterwards, I
heard a voice from behind me and an Alice with an opera mask appeared. I was
seriously surprised... I had heard about it beforehand, but to really see two
Alices here like this is quite a sight to behold.

[The costume me! Alice-chan who is taking care of the store!]

[The real me! Alice-chan who is taking care of you!]

[ [ When we’re together, we become Perfect Alice-chan!!! Well, we still don’t
have any customers though\~\~ ] ]

[Amazing... Double the people, double the annoyance... Doubling yourself doesn’t
have any value at all. I’ve realized yet again that even if you multiply the
idiots twice, it will only make them a bigger idiot...]

[ [ ...Kaito-san, can you, at least, not say that out loud? ] ]

After smacking the Alices with enough tsukkomis, I was led to the area behind
the counter which is usually not accessible... leading towards the workshop. The
costumed Alice stays behind as the shopkeeper and the opera mask Alice... The
main body shows me around.

[W-Whoa...]

[What do you think? This is my prided workshop!]

[I-It’s amazing but... Doesn’t the size of this room obviously don’t match the
size of the room from the outside?]

[I’ve expanded the room with Spatial Magic\~\~]

[I see.]

Alice showed me around the workshop, which contained a kiln like the ones used
in blacksmith’s shops, as well as tools for making cloth-related items, a fine
tuning table and a magnifying lens... This place was so well-equipped that I
feel like there was nothing that couldn’t be made here.

[Well then, how about we immediately start... First would be to process the wood
huh.]

[U-Unnn. Please.]

As for the task of turning the branch of the World Tree into wood, Alice is
going to do it for me as I’m an amateur. I know that Alice is amazing but... I
still can’t imagine that she can easily process a branch that I spent a day
cutting off with 10 Orichalcon Saws. Somewhat bewildered, I took out the branch
of the World Tree from my magic box. Alice takes it, pulls out a knife from the
sheathe on her hip and after she brandishes it... Immediately afterwards, the
branch of the World Tree turned into a stunning piece of wood. Eeeehhhhh?! Wait,
w-what the heck just happened? I thought Alice was just brandishing her knife,
but then, the thick branch turned into fine pieces of wood... Moreover, they
appeared in front of me as if they had been polished with a file.

[Whoosh, perfect\~\~ I’ve also inscribed them with matching designs, so you can
just join them together\~\~]

[...T-Thanks...]

Muttering to myself as I feel overwhelmed by Alice’s technique, which can even
be described as a special move already, she moved towards the workbench without
seeming to be particularly bothered by it. She then takes out some lenses and
sets them up, adjusting them so that it would fit for the detailed work before
she turns around.

[Now then, let’s have Kaito-san work on the most time-consuming job,
jewelwork... I’ll draw the rough draft, so Kaito-san... shave it off with this
knife.]

[A-Alright.]

Saying that, Alice handed me a long and thin knife, a little thinner than an
engraving knife, and it seems to be the one she prepared for me to work on the
surface of the jewel to create a pattern. Apparently, this knife is made from
Magnawell-san’s fang, so even hard jewels can be easily processed. Somehow, I
feel like this knife is much more expensive than what I’m working on but...
Well, let’s just put that aside, as in a sense, I’m going to be working on the
most important part of the work.

It seems that this is more difficult than I thought... The size of the Midnight
Crystal is only a few centimeters in radius at best, and if I wanted to draw a
complex pattern on it, it wouldn’t go as far as I wanted, and even though I’m
only tracing what Alice has drawn, it won’t just turn as I had imagined. I
scrape a bit and check, I would then scrape a bit and check again... If I fail,
I would have Alice scrape the surface and start from scratch again... This is
tough. Concentrating on the movements of my hand is one thing, but the fatigue I
feel in my eyes as I stare through the lens is also quite considerable... I
guess this would take quite a while for me to complete this.

[Kaito-san, Kaito-saaann.]

[...Eh? What?]

[It’s already 8:00 pm. Is it alright for you to not go home?]

[Eeehhhh?! It’s that time already?!]

As Alice called out to me, I hurriedly took out my pocket watch... Indeed,
before I knew it, it’s already time for me to call it a night. Moreover, I
failed three times on the way, and had to start over from scratch, so I’m not
even halfway through.

[As far as I’m concerned, I’m totally OK and ready if you want to stay the night
but... Duchess Lilia will be worried about you, so don’t you think it would be
better if you go home? You can do it again tomorrow.]

[Unnn. You’re right... Thanks, Alice. Well then, I’ll go back again tomorrow.]

[Roger that.]

Following Alice’s advice, I decided to stop working here, and after thanking
Alice once more, I activated my Teleportation Magic Tool and returned to the
mansion. Well, though I say that... Even though I finished my work here in the
general store, it’s not like I’m done with today’s work yet...

[...Errr, the note used here is Do, so the technique used here would be...]

[Ahh, Kaito-kun. That’s where the speed of the song changes, so you need to use
an adjustment technique first...]

[I see... Errr, the technique to increase the speed is...]

Using the magic technique chart Kuro made for me, I wrote the technique on the
magic crystal one after another. As Kuro said, the technique used to make a
music box certainly is very simple, and even I can write it well enough...
However, since I have to write each symbol for a musical note, I have to write
each of the notes in order. How should I say this... I’ve never tried doing it
before, but it probably feels closer to knitting. It’s a simple, but
time-consuming process, as it’s like piling up a number of techniques and
finally putting them together.

[...Mhmm, Fuaahhhh...]

[Kaito-kun? Are you alright?]

[U-Unnn... As expected, my eyes are a bit tired...]

[Don’t push yourself. With your current pace, you should be able to make it, so
let’s just call it a day.]

Hearing Kuro’s worried, gentle voice, I nodded once and decided to stop my work.
Kuro and I then chatted for a little while, picking up some baby castellas, and
when she saw that I was lying on the bed, she lightly kissed me on my cheek and
left. Aware that my face loosened up at the happiness I felt from my cheeks, I
closed my eyes... and after about 30 minutes, I opened my eyes and sat up. Then,
I held my hand over the simple Illumination Magic Tool on the table to turn on
the light and began writing the techniques on the magic crystal again. With my
current pace, I can make it in time... It certainly is as Kuro said, even at the
current pace, I will be able to make it in time for Lilia-san’s birthday.
However, that’s only for when I’m going to give a present to Lilia-san...

In fact, for Kuro, Isis-san, Sieg-san, Alice, and Lillywood-san who have helped
me with what I’m making... I was going to make more music boxes for these five
people “with different songs and designs”. By the way, the only person who knows
about this is Alice, who I consulted with in regards to the songs and designs...

Of course, these aren’t birthday presents, so there’s no time limit to make it,
but I think if I put it off until later... I will just end up dragging it out.
So, I’ve decided to work on it at the same time. However, being a human being, I
have a limited amount of time in a day... Especially if I don’t get any sleep,
which will have a big impact on the work itself. But now, I have a way to solve
it. While working, I took out a “Fruit of the World Tree” from my magic box and
bit onto it. These fruits were given to me in large quantities by Lillywood-san
because she had a surplus due to the restriction of distribution of this fruit.
When she gave them to me, I was wondering what to do with it, and I wasn’t able
to use them because I felt that it would be wasteful.

However, in this current situation where my time isn’t sufficient if I sleep,
wake up, and work on it like normal... I can’t say that it’s being wasteful, so
I decided to gratefully use it. As soon as I finish eating the Fruit of the
World Tree, my body is filled with vitality and my heavy body becomes as light
as a feather. As expected of the legendary fruit that is said to heal all
wounds... My magic power being completely recovered too is a miscalculation that
I’m happy about.

[...Fuaahhh...]

However, unfortunately, it doesn’t seem to have cleared away my sleepiness. My
body is filled with vitality, but I feel sleepy... It feels strange, but it
would be more strange to have a situation where my fatigue just instantly
disappears, so I guess you could say that my body’s reaction is normal in a way.
Anyway, from here on out, it’s a battle against sleepiness... It’s a battle of
will-power. I won’t run out of vitality... But I’m feeling sleepy... However, I
have to keep doing my best.

I’ve been indebted to so many people since I came into this world, and my
gratitude for them gets bigger and bigger with each passing day. This is a good
opportunity for me, so let’s do our best here—It would be great if I could give
my thanks to everyone even a bit.

---

The 30th Day of the Wind month... It’s been 3 full days today, but my body is in
good spirits thanks to the fruits of the World Tree, and the sleepiness I’m
feeling is only from mental fatigue... but I somehow managed to push through
with fighting spirit. The problem is that if I relax, I’ll most probably fall
asleep but... Unnn, it’s fine as long as I don’t get distracted. I just have to
keep focusing and it’ll be fine! Unnn? I might have been a bit too high.

But well, I’ve been working on it like this... but the world isn’t that sweet. I
was trying to get through these difficult times with fighting spirit and
will-power, but here I was, sitting in a seiza on the floor of my room that I’m
familiar with, feeling more scared than ever before.

[...Kaito-kun. Do you know why I’m mad?]

[...I-I’m sorry.]

[I’m not asking for your forgiveness here, you know? I’m asking you if you know
why I’m mad.]

[Hyiiihhh...]

Currently in front of me is the Shura... Kuro, who is angrier than ever before.
With her arms crossed in front of her chest, Kuro’s voice sounded calm as she
admonished me but... her eyes were completely staring at me. Frankly speaking,
I’m outrageously scared. The beginning of this event began when Kuro, who came
to supervise me as I embedded the technique again today, learned of my current
situation. I thought I was doing a good job of deceiving Kuro, but I couldn’t
deceive her eyes, and when she questioned me about it, I confessed to her that I
had been up all night... and this is the result. Yes, I was getting my just
desserts but... T-This situation is seriously frightening. Black mist is leaking
out of Kuro’s body, and I could tell that she’s really angry.

[...T-That’s because I’ve been staying up all night...]

[Unnn. That’s right. You were up all night “for three days without telling me”,
weren’t you?]

[...Y-Y-Y-Yes!]

I feel so terrified that I reflexively returned to using honorifics, but Kuro
only smiles at me, while looking at me with eyes that aren’t smiling at all...
I’m super scared.

[I told you, didn’t I? I properly told you... not to push yourself, didn’t I?]

[Y-Yes. You said that...]

[Kaito-kun also said that you understand, right? You told me that you would
sleep properly... didn’t you?]

[...I said that.]

[...Should I forcefully make you sleep here?]

[Hyiiihhh?!]

As my body shakes in fear, Kuro is silent for a while as she looks down on me,
sweating like a waterfall. Wrapped in nervousness that makes me feel like I’m
being pricked by needles all over my body, I waited for Kuro’s words, just like
a prisoner awaiting his death sentence... before Kuro lets out a big sigh.

[...Haahhh... Geez, seriously, Kaito-kun is...]

[K-Kuro?]

[Didn’t I tell you that you would make it if you just kept going at this pace?
And yet, why are you being this rash...]

[T-That is...]

It isn’t the same voice that sent chills down my spine a moment ago, but she’s
speaking in an amazed tone of voice. It seems that her anger has subsided a bit,
as when I timidly looked at her face... Her eyes that were still completely
staring at me, had somehow turned calmer.

[...The Fruit of the World Tree may restore your vitality, but it won’t make
your mental fatigue disappear, you know?]

[...Yes.]

[You’re going to properly explain this to me, wouldn’t you? The reason why
you’re being this rash...]

[U-Unnn.]

If possible, I wanted to give the music box to her as a surprise, but I couldn’t
not say something here. In fact, I worried her so much that she got really angry
with me, and although it’s been a while since I have last done it, I think my
bad habit of not being able to see my surroundings when I concentrate came out.
I’ll reflect on that and use it as reference for the future, but first, let’s
properly explain the situation to Kuro.

[...In fact, in addition to the gift I wanted to give to Lilia-san, I also
wanted to give one to Kuro and Isis-san, and to the people who helped me to work
on this, so I increased the number of music boxes I will make...]

[...Ehh?]

[I had to change all the songs and designs, so I was lacking in time... but I
didn’t want to put off your gifts, so I figured I should just cut back on my
sleep... I’m really sorry.]

[...For me? A present? The music box?]

[U-Unnn... I’ve always been under Kuro, Isis-san and the other’s care after
all... So I wanted to take this opportunity to properly thank everyone for
helping me...]

[...]

When I honestly told her why, I timidly looked up at Kuro’s face again... and
saw Kuro had a complex expression of mixed anger and joy. She tried speaking a
few times, but then, I don’t know if she couldn’t find the words to say or not,
but she remained silent with a troubled expression on her face, she tries to
speak again... after a few moments of that, as if she finally squeezes out the
words out of her mouth, Kuro mutters.

[...That’s... not fair... Geez, there’s no way I could get angry if you say it
like that...]

[...Kuro?]

[Ahh, geez!]

[?!]

With a voice that feels somewhat desperate, my hand is pulled and I am forced to
lie down on Kuro’s lap.

[I’m happy for your feelings for me, Kaito-kun, but it would be all for naught
if Kaito-kun you push yourself too hard and collapse!]

[Ugghhh... It’s as you say.]

[...But well... I’m sure you’re going to somehow do your best again with this...
Hahh... Geez, it can’t be helped...]

[Eh? T-This is?]

Kuro looked astounded, but still, with a somewhat gentle smile on her face, she
held out her hand over me, who was lying on her lap. Thereupon, a pale light
flowed from Kuro’s hand, and when it touched my head... My head gradually became
clearer and the sleepiness I felt began fading.

[The Fruit of the World Tree won’t cure mental fatigue, but I can use Mental
Interference Magic.]

[S-So that magic exists...]

[Well, Kaito-kun has Shiro’s blessing, so you’ll probably nullify most of the
others’ Mental Interference Magic, so I’m the only one who can cast this to you,
you know?]

A magic that heals mental fatigue... If it’s Kuro, she would certainly know of
such magic. How should I describe this... Along with the feeling of her hand on
my forehead, the feeling of fatigue is being soothed... It feels incredibly
pleasant.

[...For the time being, I’ll support you with this magic until Lilia-chan’s
birthday.]

[...Eh? I-Is that alright?]

[I mean, if I just let this matter go, you’ll probably still be rash... So, I’ll
make sure that you’re safe by watching over you.]

[Ughhh...]

There’s no way for me to argue with that. What she said is absolutely right.
I’ll probably try to get it done in time for whatever reason... Unnn, I guess
Kuro can see me doing that.

[However, this is just something like a first-aid treatment, okay? This magic
doesn’t completely heal all of your mental fatigue... So, promise me... After
Lilia-chan’s birthday, you’ll get at least three days of rest... Understand?]

[...Unnn. I understand.]

[Unnn. Then, that’s good.]

When I nodded, Kuro smiled at me like a blooming flower. Seeing that beautiful,
adorable smile, I feel Kuro’s kindness... and my heart is filled with warm
happiness. As I laid down on Kuro’s lap, Kuro gently pats my head and with a
smile on her face, she spoke.

[...Hey, Kaito-kun. Is there something else you want to do? Say whatever you
want...]

[Errr...]

Her smile was like that of the Holy Mother, just looking at her made me feel
happy... but at the same time, I also felt thirsty for a certain emotion. As the
feelings of love and affection overflowed from Kuro... Her gentle words of
encouragement pushed my back, making me silently ask.

[...Can I kiss you?]

[Unnn.]

When Kuro heard my request, she immediately nodded and moved her face closer to
mine, slowly overlapping her lips over me. We’re so close that our breaths could
be felt by each other, and I can clearly see my eyes in her beautiful golden
eyes.

[...Kuro.]

[...Kaito-kun.]

As if to confirm something, we called each other’s names once... and the
distance between Kuro and I became zero.

It’s an old bad habit of mine to only look straight in line when I’m focused. In
the end, I caused Kuro to worry, and I need to reflect on that. However, it may
be shameful to say this... but when I see Kuro sincerely worried about me like
this, even though I should be reflecting—all I felt was a greater sense of
happiness.
