---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 4: Two Promises

The 11th Day of the Light month.

I only have a few pages left in the notebook I’m using as my diary, so I decided
to take a walk around the city while buying a new one. I’ve been living in this
city for almost half a year now, and I’ve become quite familiar with the
geography of the areas near Lilia-san’s mansion, but even so, there are still
many places in the spacious royal capital that I have not visited yet, and I
quite like having aimless strolls. It’s exciting to walk down a different street
and discover a store that I didn’t know existed.

As I was walking along with my eyes checking out the area, ahead of me... I
suddenly saw someone I didn’t expect here.

[...Is that you, Funf-san?]

[Arehh? Kaito, what a coincidence, meeting you here.]

Turning around with her long blond hair fluttering and a kind smile on her face
was Funf-san, the gatekeeper of Kuro’s castle. Her position as the gatekeeper,
combined with the fact that I really couldn’t imagine her being away from Kuro’s
castle, makes it quite unexpected to see her here.

[Yes, it really is a coincidence... How should I say this... I don’t mean to
sound rude, but I imagined Funf-san not leave the gate very often, so I was a
little surprised seeing you here.]

[Ahaha, well, you aren’t really wrong with your perception. In fact, I’m by the
gate most often... Ahh, by the way, I have a day off today... so I thought I’d
do a little shopping.]

[I see.]

I feel like there’s quite a distance between the Demon Realm and the Human Realm
for her to do her little shopping here, but considering that Funf-san is a
High-ranking Demon, going here would just take her a moment with Teleportation
Magic, so it isn’t really that strange that she’s here when I think about it. I
remember hearing that there aren’t that many big cities in the Demon Realm, so
perhaps, the Human Realm really would be a better place to go window shopping.

[I also take my days off properly too, you know... Rather, I’ll be scolded by
Kuromu-sama if I don’t take them. Incidentally, Sister Ein also takes days off.]

[That’s kinda... No, I know it should be common sense... but that’s kinda
surprising.]

It’s to be expected that Kuro would make sure her family would get proper days
off, but I just can’t imagine Ein-san, who seems to devote everything to being a
maid, taking a vacation. It feels like she’s the type of person who’d say “For
maids who devote every moment to their duties, resting is being spoiled”.

[Well, in the case of Sister Ein who says that her days off were “enough for
several months”, she was often scolded by Kuromu-sama.]

[Ahh\~\~ I stand corrected. She really ended up just as I imagined.]

[Fufufu.]

I wonder what this subtle feeling I have. It would be abnormal to hear someone
say a day off is enough for a few months... but hearing Ein-san say that really
feels just like her that I only feel relieved. After watching my reaction with
amusement, Funf-san lightly clapped her hands, as if she had suddenly thought of
something.

[Ahh, that’s right, Kaito. Do you have time now?]

[Eh? Ah, yes. I’m free.]

[Then, you see, I’m not very familiar with Symphonia’s Royal Capital, so if it’s
alright with you, can I ask you to guide... Hmmm, no...]

Funf-san was about to say something, but she stopped mid-sentence and a teasing
grin appeared on her lips.

[Can I ask you out on a date?]

[...Eh?]

[You see, rather than just having you guide me, I think that would be more fun.
Ahh, but I guess you wouldn’t want to go on a date with a dull girl like me,
right?]

[N-No, I don’t dislike it at all.]

The other party is an acquaintance, but this situation... Isn’t this that
legendary situation that only occurs on riajuus, being picked up by women? No,
well, Funf-san is just completely enjoying reaction... but it’s impossible for
my heart not to beat faster when a woman as beautiful as Funf-san asks me out on
a date.

[It’s decided then. Fufufu, I’ve never been on a date before, so I’m looking
forward to it. I’m expecting a wonderful escort from the experienced Kaito,
okay?]

[Y-Your expectations are heavy.]

[Ahaha.]

Hmmm, Funf-san really is easy to talk to. Not only is she cheerful and kind, she
also mixes in teasing like this into our conversations, which I feel makes the
conversation lively.

[Errr, well then, let’s start things over... Is there anywhere you would like to
go, Funf-san? If there’s anything you’d like to buy... Well, I can’t really say
I’m ot that knowledgeable about the royal capital though.]

[Hmmm, let’s see. Since I have this opportunity, I’d like to see various things,
so it would be great if you could take me to a place where there are many
different shops.]

[I see. Let’s go towards the main street then.]

[Alright... Ahh, that’s right! Should we hold hands? Or perhaps... How about we
link arms instead?]

[Funf-san?!]

[Ahaha, sorry, sorry. Kaito’s reactions are so cute that I can’t help myself.]

Putting aside whether the word cute could be described as a compliment for a
man, for the time being, I guess it’s good that Funf-san seems to be enjoying
herself. Well, there’s this embarrassment I’m feeling, as if I’m being teased by
an older lady but...

At first, as requested by Funf-san, we came to the main street lined with
several stores. While walking side by side along the large street crowded with
many people, we exchanged idle chit-chat.

[Funf-san, do you often come to the Human Realm?]

[Hmmm, maybe not as often to be described as frequent, but I did come reasonably
often. Among those visits, I guess the place I visited the most here in the
Human Realm would be Symphonia Kingdom?]

[Heehhh... Is there a reason for that?]

[I guess it really would be because of the food. Kuromu-sama often goes out to
eat, giving us the opportunity to visit some of the restaurants she recommends,
so inevitably, I tend to visit Symphonia Kingdom more often.]

[I see, then, when you want to buy clothes, do you go towards Hydra Kingdom?]

[H-Hmmm. Not really, Hydra Kingdom’s clothings is a bit too high level for me.]

When I asked her based on the knowledge I heard from Alice before, Funf-san
looked a little troubled as she wryly smiled.

[Their clothings were indeed fashionable... but Hydra Kingdom’s trends were
constantly changing, so it’s a little difficult for me to keep up with them. The
only one knowledgeable about those kind of stuff in our family would be Sister
Zwei.]

[Errr, I haven’t met her yet, but is she a fashionable person?]

[Rather than fashionable, it’s more because Sister Zwei often deals with
diplomatic-related business. She pays attention to her appearance and what’s
trendy.]

As we were walking along, Funf-san suddenly stopped in front of a store. The
store’s sign read “Herb Specialty Shop”. Funf-san has the image of an adult lady
after all, so it wouldn’t be out of place if she liked herbs. However, I wonder
why... the feelings conveyed by my Sympathy Magic makes me feel like Funf-san
was somewhat lonely.

[...Funf-san, do you like herbs?]

[Unnn? Ahh, no... I don’t think so. It’s just, you see, my sister I mentioned
before whose specialty is Recovery Magic, and she also knows a lot about herbs
and medicinal plants. I was just reminded of her when I saw this store... I’m
wondering what she might be doing right now.]

[...Is that so?]

[...Unnn.]

Her words in itself shouldn’t really be strange. However, I wonder why? I could
feel that she didn’t want me to go into this topic any further, so I couldn’t
say anything more. After a few moments of silence, as if to switch the topic
anew, Funf-san spoke with a bright smile on her lips.

[...I’m a little hungry. How about we eat something?]

[Ah, yes. Let’s do that.]

As I didn’t ask her about it either, we started walking together. After a short
walk, Funf-san returned back to usual and spoke with a kind smile.

[Ahh, Kaito. How about we get some of those skewers?]

[I suppose so. It looks like just the thing for a light meal.]

I visited this place back on my date with Kuro, but in Symphonia’s royal
capital, there’s a place known as the open-air market, where stalls stand side
by side instead of stores, and there are various food stalls lined up here.
Funf-san pointed to one of these stalls, where meat and seafood skewers were
being grilled, wafting a good aroma around it. After nodding in response to
Funf-san’s suggestion, I glanced at the sign on the stall.

...This isn’t one of those worm meats again, right... Errr, Forest Bull? From
its name, that should be beef, right?

[What are you getting, Kaito?]

[Errr, then, I’ll have the Forest Bull skewer.]

[In that case, we’ll have one Forest Bull skewer and one Mixed Seafood skewer.]

Relieved that I won’t be eating some strange meat, I hurriedly took out my
wallet when I saw Funf-san order.

[Ahh, Funf-san. I’ll pay for them.]

[Eh? No, you don’t really have to... Hmmm.]

After hearing my words, Funf-san tilted her head once, before grinning at me
again...

[I guess it’s alright. Then, since you’ll be treating me, don’t mind if I accept
it.]

Saying this, Funf-san received the money and paid for it. Unnn, how should I say
this... This feels like it’s that. Seeing through my meager pride, she just
accepted my request. I don’t know if I should say it’s to be expected of her or
not, but she really feels like a capable lady. While I was thinking about this,
Funf-san received our skewers and handed the beef skewer to me.

[Here, Kaito.]

[Thank you.]

[Rather, I should be the one thanking you for the treat.]

After buying the skewers, Funf-san and I decided to move to a nearby plaza to
eat our skewers. The Forest Bull skewer was simply seasoned with salt and
pepper, which seemed to enhance the natural flavor of the meat. It’s quite
tasty. I mean, the dishes served at Lilia-san’s mansion are all high-class and
elegantly seasoned, which is only natural since she’s a Duchess. Of course, Head
Chef’s skills are excellent, and all of the dishes are really delicious... but
sometimes, I have this irresistible craving for these common, simple-flavored
dishes.

[Hmmm, Kaito’s skewer also look delicious... Can I have a bite?]

[Here you go.]

Offering my skewer to Funf-san, who wants a bite of the beef skewer, Funf-san as
she takes a bite of the skewer in my hand. No, I knew it would be inevitable
when I gave her a bite of my skewer, but her face came closer than I had
expected, so my heart couldn’t help skipping a beat.

[Thanks\~\~ Unnn, this is delicious too! If you want, how about tasting my
seafood skewer too?]

[Eh? Ah, yes. I’ll have some.]

[Here you go.]

In return, she offered me her seafood skewer with her hand and I took a bite.
The soy sauce-like sauce enhances the taste of the seafood, making it very
tasty. It’s just, unnn, I really get nervous when I bring my face close to the
skewer... While I was thinking about that, Funf-san looked at me and smiled.

[Fufu, Kaito. You have sauce on your mouth.]

[Eh? Ahh?!]

Before I could touch my mouth to check though, she reached out her hand and
gently stroked the left side of my lips. While I was startled by this unexpected
action, with the same gentle smile on her lips, Funf-san spontaneously licked
the sauce from her hand. I have thought about this several times before... but
Funf-san, isn’t your guard too loose? I mean, she probably weren’t conscious of
her actions at all, and she’s just acting the same way as she does to her
family. However, unnn. Funf-san should be aware of the fact that she’s a
stunningly beautiful woman. When a beautiful lady does something like that to
you, one couldn’t help but feel their heart beating faster.

Feeling conscious that my face was turning red, I hurriedly ate the beef skewer
in my hand to distract myself. Strangely enough, the taste of beef skewer, which
had been so deep just a few minutes ago... suddenly couldn’t be recognized by my
mind.

---

After glancing at Kaito as he ate his skewer, Funf slightly smiled.

(Even though he was curious about it earlier... He doesn’t care about them. I
knew he was a kind child who thinks about others.... Seems like I made him feel
worried about me. What a blunder... I unconsciously thought of Vee.)

While feeling good about her interactions with Kaito, Funf remembered the
distant past... the time when she had just been picked up by Kuromueina. Funf
was a unique species of Demon without parents, and although she was born with a
certain amount of knowledge and power, she was alone. The one who reached out to
such a person was Kuromueina, whom she adored like a mother... and at
Kuromueina’s house, she met Vier. Funf and Vier, who were taken in at the same
time and under the same circumstances, hit it off with each other and calling
each other “Vee” and “Fun”, they grew up as if they were real sisters.

———Fun, do you remember your birthday?

———Hmmm, I don’t remember. What about you, Vee?

———I don’t remember either. In that case, why don’t we decide it together?

———Decide, you mean our birthday? I don’t really mind, but when will it be?

———Fufufu, it will be the day Fun and I met! Let’s make our birthday the 4th Day
of the Wind month!

The two of them were really good friends. They did everything together. Even as
they grew up and began to show differences in their personalities, their
relationship remained strong.

———You’re amazing, Fun. I can’t even fight against you anymore.

———But you’re strong too, Vee. It’s just, Vee is too kind... I guess you aren’t
suited for fighting?

———Hmmm, I guess? I kind of admire Fun’s fighting style though.

———Ahaha. Well, Vee is much better at Recovery and Auxiliary Magic than me...
besides, if Vee had to fight, I’ll protect you, so it will be alright.

———...Unnn! I’ll be counting on you, Fun.

Vier, who was kind and didn’t like hurting others, practiced only Recovery and
Auxiliary Magic, and Funf, who was also kind and sought strength to protect
others, were a good pair. When they fought together, they often showed
coordination that impressed their older sisters, Zweit and Ein. They had always
thought that they would live together with their precious family, laughing and
enjoying each other’s company. They believed, as a matter of course, that they
were promised a happy future.

But one day, little by little, the gears began to go awry.

———Vee, what’s the matter? You’ve been acting strange lately. If you have any
problems...

———I-It’s nothing. Thanks for worrying about me.

———...U-Unnn.

Vier’s smile has been diminishing, and more often than not, she seems to be
thinking... looking as if she was pondering about something. However, no matter
how many times she asked the reason why this is happening, she just replied that
it’s alright.

———Vee?! What’s the matter? What’s happening? Why did Kuromu-sama bring you home
unconscious...

———...Sorry, it’s nothing.

———It’s not nothing! Even if I ask Kuromu-sama, she won’t answer me... Vier,
accompanied by those Low-ranking Demons... What were you trying to do?

———...Say, Fun. If the family... If the whole world were to become my enemy...
Will you be my ally, Fun?

———..........

———Sorry, it’s nothing. I’m going to go now.

Funf still regrets that moment. Because of Vier’s ghastly expression, she was
unable to give an immediate answer... She was unable to tell her that “she’s on
Vee’s side no matter what”...

And then, came that incident that shook the Demon Realm... the incident that
shook the world.

———Get out of the way!!! Sister Ein! I-I have to go... Vee isn’t good at
fighting. I will...

———You can’t. Kuromu-sama and the others are discussing what to do about this
matter right now. If you go to the Human Realm now, it will make the chaos
greater... Wait here.

———I won’t wait! I promised... that I would protect Vee... That’s why!

———Wait here. If you claim you won’t follow the decision of Kuromu-sama... of
the Six Kings... then defeat me before you head to the Human Realm.

———?! Uugghhh... Aaaaahhhhh?!

Funf needed to make a choice. Even if it meant making her beloved family her
enemy, she chose to stand by Vier’s side... but sadly, she was too late. As a
result... Funf was beaten by Ein and was unable to rush towards Vier’s side.
After that, she learned everything about the situation, apologized to Ein, and
her relationship with her family returned to being as good as before.

However, the regret of that time still casts a dark shadow over her mind.

---

After a pleasant tour around Symphonia’s royal capital, Funf parted ways from
Kaito and walked through the dusk-tinted streets until she arrived at a certain
place. To a building that looked like a mix between a church and a clinic... And
after Funf waited in front of that place for a while... The afternoon clinic
hours finally ended and Vier came outside to put away the sign.

[?!]

[.........]

Seeing her, Vier’s face was dyed with astonishment... which isn’t really any
wonder. The person she wanted to meet but couldn’t, is now right here in front
of her...

[...Why...]

It was a word that unintentionally spilled out of Vier’s mouth. Being a
Count-rank Demon, Vier herself knew that Funf usually went near her clinic from
time to time. However, Vier was shocked because Funf, who usually leaves without
showing her face, was looking straight into her face today. Facing each other in
the dusk, after a short silence... Funf spoke.

[...Things have been noisy lately. Something might be happening around Vee.]

[...Is that... your hunch?]

[Unnn, it’s just my hunch.]

[...But Fun’s hunch... is always... right.]

As Funf spoke to her with a serious expression on her face, Vier was looking
downward, as if to say she didn’t have the face to look at her. Turning her back
towards such a Vier, Funf declared with strong feelings held in her heart.

[...Don’t worry, you can continue making your amends as long as you want.]

[...Eh?]

[I’ll protect you... Absolutely, this time.]

[...That... won’t do... Don’t get caught up with my situation... I don’t want
you to get caught up in it.]

She was happy to hear Funf’s words. However, it’s exactly because she was
feeling happy about it that she couldn’t receive such a thing. Funf is also
someone very important for Vier. That’s why, back then and now... She doesn’t
want Funf to get caught up with her selfishness.

[...I wasn’t able to answer you properly at that time. But now, it’s
different... Even if it means making enemies of our family and the world... I’m
on Vee’s side.]

[...Fun.]

[I’ll protect you... Even if I have to abandon everything... That’s all I came
to say.]

Just like that, Funf walked away, as if to tell her that she had nothing more to
say, that she had told her what she needed to tell her...

Meanwhile, Funf just looked at her back in silence... tears dripping down her
sad eyes.

![Insert 4](../../_Images/v09/Insert4.jpg#.insert)

Funf walked through the city at dusk with a determined expression on her face.
She was able to reaffirm her intentions by meeting Vier face to face and
exchanging words with her for the first time in a thousand years. Her family is
important to her, so much so that she would risk her life to protect them...

She is a sociable person and has many friends outside of her, who are also
invaluable to her. She is very grateful to Kuromueina for picking her up and
raising her, and she loves her as if she were her mother. But even if that’s so,
Funf is determined. If it’s for Vier’s sake, those who are important to her, her
everything, she was willing to give them up... No matter what she must throw
away, she would protect her.

As Funf’s determination burned hotter, just as she came around a corner, she
almost bumped into someone.

[...Ahh, sorry.]

[No\~\~ I’m also sorryyyyyy.]

It isn’t that she bumped into her. She would just pass the “petite woman in a
maid’s uniform” with only a brief exchange of words, and they would go on their
way again as if nothing had happened... is how it should have been.

[...The choice you maaaaaade is undoubtedly a mistaaaaaake.]

[?!]

Hearing those slow words that seemed to be muttered to her, Funf immediately
turned around. However, the woman she had just passed by wasn’t there anymore,
and all she could see was the city at dusk.

(...Recognition Inhibition? No, that’s not it. In an instant, she was out of the
range of my Magic Power Detection. Even though she caught me off guard, she was
quite fast. Perhaps, a Count-rank.)

Funf clenched her fists as she looked in the direction the mysterious woman, who
disappeared after leaving those disturbing words, would have gone.

(I think it’s safe to assume she’s a very strong person... but it was a face I
didn’t recognize. A powerful person within that rank, an opponent I don’t know
about... How troublesome.)

The fact that she doesn’t know the identity of the other party makes it hard for
her to guess her purpose. From the previous statement, Funf was able to
conjecture that she was hiding and listening to her conversation with Vier...
but on the contrary, that’s all the information she has. The disturbing hunch
that she had been feeling recently, and this unknown strong being who
appeared... Funf feels as if this was an omen that something big was about to
happen.

(...It doesn’t matter. No matter who she is... I will protect Vee.)

---

The world is about to greatly move. The incident that triggered the three realms
to join hands a thousand years ago... With the Demon Lord Vier at the center,
the gears were indeed set in motion.

However, whether by coincidence or inevitability... It wasn’t just one cog that
started moving. It’s a strange thing, for this cog was also about a promise made
in the past, and just as Vier and Funf, it was a promise made by two girls... It
was a story of “the girl who was called Hero” and “the girl who wished to become
a God”.

Based on such a promise made a long time ago, in a world far, far away from
here... Now, the Mechanized God is about to make her move.

“Program Code: 《Paradise》, Individual Number 76812, has temporarily left its
duties as a Wide-area Supervisory Observer as of this moment. Current Task:
Initiating terminal connection with Mother Brain ●●●●●●.”

An inorganic mechanical voice echoed through an empty white space.

“Concurrently, temporarily releasing synchronization to Program
Codes 《Abyss》 and 《Shield》. 12 seconds before Inter-world Teleportation
activates. Teleportation Coordinate: Other World Trinia... Countdown, start.”

---

Sanctuary, God Realm.

The place usually has the appearance of a floating garden, and there are
basically no unnecessary structures on it, but now, a huge golden gate has
appeared. In front of this gate, which clearly held a different divinity from
the Sanctuary, but felt divine at the same time, two shadows stood.

[...What does this mean? You said that you wanted my help... Moreover, this
gate, what does this...]

[...Soon, the God of Kaito-san’s world... For convenience’s sake, let’s just
call her “Earth God”. She will be arriving soon.]

[The God of Kaito-kun’s world?]

[Let me say this in another way. Soon, “a being that can kill Kaito-san”, even
when he’s under my blessing, will be arriving soon.]

[?!]

The words that Shallow Vernal said... Hearing the words after she rephrased it,
Kuromueina’s eyes turned sharp. Currently, in this world, the only beings who
can “truly kill” Kaito under Shallow Vernal’s protection are just Shallow Vernal
herself and Kuromueina. If it’s simply killing him, any of the Six Kings or the
Supreme Gods could do it, but Shallow Vernal can just bring Kaito back to life
even after he dies. In other words, the meaning of the words of Shallow Vernal
is that from now on, if the Earth God who will soon arrive has the desire to do
so, she can erase Kaito’s existence from this world. She’s a being that can make
it impossible for him to be revived, even with the power of Shallow Vernal.
Those words are something that Kuromueina couldn’t overlook.

[...Is she an amazing God?]

[What was about to arrive was her clone, but the power of her main body can be
seen as almost equivalent to “the Complete Me”.]

[...I see, so even if it’s just a clone... It wouldn’t be strange if she held
power that could compete with either of us.]

[Yes.]

The Earth God’s power is even with the Complete Shallow Vernal... In other
words, her power was even with Shallow Vernal before she separated her power
towards Kuromueina. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that she certainly has
omnipotent power, a power held by the absolute.

However, it’s only her clone that is coming to this world... Compared to the
main body, its power was a few levels lower. However, even if that’s so, it’s
still highly likely that she is still at least as powerful as both of them, who
are currently the strongest beings in this world.

[So, you’re saying that this Earth God would likely harm Kaito-kun?]

[...That’s unlikely. The Earth God is very cold-hearted and has an
efficiency-oriented personality... but she’s friendly to me, at least to the
extent that she condones the act of summoning Heroes. I’ve also warned her
beforehand, so I don’t think she would be hasty and take any hostile actions
against me but...]

[You aren’t completely sure?]

[Yes. I can’t say that I know that God very well... If she were to act
stubbornly, I may not be able to respond in time alone.]

[...And that’s why you called me.]

[Yes.]

Although her voice was still as inflectionless as ever, a hint of nervousness
could be heard from Shallow Vernal’s voice, which was the best proof that the
Earth God is a being that they couldn’t treat simply, even for Shallow Vernal.
Because of this understanding, Kuromueina’s expression also changed to a serious
one and she quietly stared at the golden gate.

[...What is this Earth God coming here for?]

[She’s interested in Kaito-san, the man who brought about the change in me, and
seemed to intend to make direct contact with him. To be honest, I was surprised
too... That God after all, was someone who had told me that “she may be
observing them, but she doesn’t control them. She already left the Humans’ fate
to their own hands”...]

[That sounds like Shiro back then.]

[Well, I suppose it’s something like that. She’s quite hardheaded.]

[...Shiro, calling others hardheaded... You really had changed quite a lot huh.
Well, unnn. Alright... I’ll help you as much as I can.]

[Thank you.]

In front of Kuromueina and Shallow Vernal, who were exchanging words with each
other, slowly... the golden gate began to be enveloped in a faint light. The
light gradually, but definitely grew stronger and more dazzling... and in
response to that, the golden gates gradually opened up.

[Hmm... I see, she certainly holds great magic power.]

[..........]

Her richly-colored eyes seem to be a deceptive picture, looking as if it holds
different colors of the rainbow or holding a single color with different shades.
It’s as if her eyes hold an illusion that changes its shape depending on who is
looking at them. Her neutral face, which is so well-groomed that it transcends
the boundaries of gender, combined with her golden hair that seems to be fixed
on the same hairstyle, it makes one feel that her beauty is something that could
only be seen from illusions. And lastly, the most eye-catching part would be the
ten pairs... the 20 wings of pure white feathers on her back... With the halo
floating above her head... This being is someone beyond human understanding.

[Thank you for welcoming me.]

When the God of another world... Earth God appeared, Shallow Vernal stood
directly in front of her, while Kuromueina took a step backwards and got down on
one knee. Kuromueina certainly may have been half of Shallow Vernal-sama, but
the God of this world is only Shallow Vernal. In this place, the Earth God and
Shallow Vernal are of the same rank, while Kuromueina is treated as one rank
lower, so she was waiting in the back.

[Welcome to our world, Earth God... You look different from when we met before.]

[I don’t really need to make a new body, so I just used the same one as the
Observation Programs. Well, that’s enough about that. I would like to get right
down to business but... I have one question first.]

[What is it?]

[Who is that standing behind you? She seemed to have the quasi-omnipotent
power... but I don’t recognize her.]

Earth God asked in a matter-of-fact tone, about the being standing behind
Shallow Vernal... about who Kuromeina is. For someone as powerful as Earth God,
she could instantly gauge that Kuromueina’s power was comparable to Shallow
Vernal’s. That was why she was curious about her identity.

[This is Kuromueina. She’s my half-body and the counterpart of my being.]

[I see, so you have divided your power...]

[That’s right.]

[Can’t say I’m not curious about it, but asking about it now would just be a
waste of time. I’ll just be satisfied with that answer.]

After receiving Shallow Vernal’s explanation, Earth God seems to have
understood, and moving her gaze towards Kuromueina, she gives her a slight nod.
Recognizing that this is a signal that she is allowed to speak, Kuromueina
deeply bowed her head before speaking.

[It’s a pleasure to meet you. God of another world-sama... My name is
Kuromueina.]

[You don’t need those honorifics or titles. Being that you’re Shallow Vernal’s
half-body, I allow you to act as an equal to me.]

[...Alright. Then, once again, nice to meet you.]

[Acknowledged.]

The fact that Earth God had told her that Kuromueina was her equal, gave her the
right to speak as freely as Shallow Vernal on this occasion. Understanding this,
she stood up and told her regards in her usual tone of voice, to which, Earth
God nodded with the same expression on her face.

[...Since you’ve told me that I’m your equal, can I ask you one thing?]

[I don’t mind.]

[Thanks... I’ve heard most of the situation from Shiro. I also heard that you
promised not to harm Kaito-kun... but not only that, could you also promise not
to do any harm to any being in this world other than for self-defense?]

[...I don’t mind. However, I have one condition.]

Hearing Earth God’s words, Kuromueina’s eyebrows slightly moved. To be honest,
for Kuromueina, she wasn’t expecting this request to be granted. The other party
was the pinnacle of another world, and a request that would restrict their
actions could be taken as impolite. However, Earth God didn’t seem to be
particularly bothered by it, telling her that she can follow Kuromueina’s
request, but there was one condition for that to happen.

[...Condition?]

[I want to give this body a test run. With your strength, you should make a good
opponent.]

[Since you’re operating a clone, you’re asking for a battle to get used to it?]

[You can see it that way.]

[...Shiro.]

[Yes, I’ll make a space for you in a moment.]

The condition that Earth God offered was a battle with Kuromueina. It seemed
that this was the first time the Earth God had created a clone before, and
wanted to have a wholehearted battle as a test run. Originally, she was going to
demand it from Shallow Vernal, but one look at Kuromueina and she knew that she
was as powerful as Shallow Vernal. Hence, she could have either of them as an
opponent, but she decided to fight Kuromueina, who was making demands, since it
would make the conversation smoother.

When Kuromueina nodded and stood up, Shallow Vernal created the same space that
she usually fought in with Kuromueina to prevent damage to the God Realm, and
teleported the two of them there.

On one hand was half the body of the pinnacle of this world, Shallow Vernal. On
the other hand was the clone of a God, the pinnacle of another world. The battle
between such beings would definitely be fierce. If it weren’t for this space,
the battle would have been so horrendous that several places of the world would
have been destroyed... You could say that their battle was completely even.

[...Haahhh... The God of Kaito-kun’s world... She’s strong... I wonder when was
the last time I got this tired?]

[I’m a little surprised you could fight so well. No... I will honestly praise
you here. You were among the peak within those who were Quasi-Omnipotent.]

Kuromueina, having the appearance of a dark-haired Shallow Vernal, murmured, and
Earth God lightly claps her hands and praises her.

[Well, thank you... I guess that should be enough, right?]

[Yes, that was enough. Thank you for your cooperation.]

Earth God agrees with Kuromueina’s words, who suggested that they finish their
battle with this. Seeing her reaction, Kuromueina, still in the form similar to
Shallow Vernal, nodded once... and after a slight pause, she spoke.

[...I’ll tell you just this much though.]

[...?]

[If you ever break what you promised... At that moment, I’ll obliterate that
split body of yours.]

[I don’t think you’re capable of that though?]

Responding to Kuromueina whose sharp eyes were filled with killing intent, Earth
God stated in a matter-of-fact manner. Earth God was saying that Kuromueina and
her are evenly matched in ability... And even if she were to break her promise,
it would be impossible for Kuromueina to defeat her at that moment...

[...That’s right. You and I are almost evenly matched... “If I were to just
remain like this”, that is.]

[...Fumu.]

[What I had exhibited earlier was the strongest I could in “this form”...
However, even though we had said that we’re different beings, deep down, that
should have been proof that deep down, I’m still half of Shiro and this should
be my true form.]

[............]

Up until now, Kuromueina has exhibited her greatest power when she had the same
appearance as Shallow Vernal. It was only because Kuromueina recognizes that
form as her true form... However, what if that was changed?

[...You and “the me before” were evenly matched... However... My beloved child
has changed me.]

With those words, black mist enveloped Kuromueina’s body, and just as it seemed
like the mist gathered up together... There appeared Kuromueina in her normal
young girl form, only her hair was longer than normal.

[Holding my heart in his embrace, warming it up and gently supporting it...
That’s why I, if it’s for Kaito-kun’s sake... To a greater extent, I could
evolve and become even more stronger. That’s why...]

[...Hohh.]

Thereupon, the face of Earth God, whose expression had never changed until now,
changed, and her eyes widened in astonishment. Before she knew it, Kuromueina
was right in front of Earth God, her fist stopping short in front of her face,
and even with Earth God’s power, she wasn’t able to grasp her movements at all.

[I’ll have you know, I’m “stronger than Shiro” now.]

[Now this is surprising. Even though I’m in a body with lower status values, for
you to exceed my perception speed...]

[Remember, if Kaito-kun ever gets a single scratch on his body... I will never
forgive you.]

After quietly telling her those words, Kuromueina withdrew her fist and left the
space. Earth God followed behind her and returned to the Sanctuary.

[...How’s the battle?]

[As expected of someone with a true body on par with the original Shiro, she was
very strong. To be honest, it was quite exhausting.]

[It was a satisfying result... However, on par? Me and Shallow Vernal? That’s an
amusing joke.]

Hearing the response Kuro gave to Shallow Vernal’s question... an intrepid smile
appears on Earth God’s lips.

[...I don’t have “that power” right now.]

[Even you are on with this joke huh. If something like that could really deal
with your existence, some God from some world would have defeated you long ago.
You’re a being that can’t be opposed. The results prove it... “Destruction God
of the Apocalypse”.]

[...Shiro?]

Hearing the words Earth God said with a faint smile, Shallow Vernal didn’t
respond. However, sensing her sharp magic power prevents her from saying
anything more.

[Let’s not go any further. Even I don’t want to step on the tiger’s tail... Well
then, I’ll take a little tour of this world.]

[...You aren’t going to head where Kaito-san is?]

[There is a time for everything. Now is not the time for that.]

After saying that, Earth God disappeared from the Sanctuary, and Kuromueina and
Shallow Vernal, who remained in the Sanctuary, quietly looked at each other and
exchanged a few words.

[...What are your impressions of her?]

[...Honestly, I have no idea what she was thinking. I tried constraining her
pretty strongly, but her response remained indifferent... I don’t even know how
serious she was in our fight.]

[I see.]

It would be a lie for her to say that the earlier conversation didn’t bother
her, but since Shallow Vernal didn’t seem to want her to broach this topic,
Kuromueina didn’t mention the conversation with the Earth God and answered
Shallow Vernal’s question. With the opportunity of battle, Kuromueina was
measuring the Earth God. But unfortunately, the results weren’t satisfactory to
her, and she still has lots of doubts.

[...The fight earlier also felt like she didn’t have any prior plans in mind,
and she didn’t even try to use lures or feints. Fighting her feels really weird,
as if she wasn’t looking at me even though we’re supposed to be fighting... It
was as if I was fighting a very high-performance golem.]

[...You can’t let your guard down around her huh.]

[Unnn. I can’t read her objective or her true motives at all... Let’s keep an
eye out for her movements for a while.]

In the end, for the girls, the true intentions of the Earth God remained a
mystery... And they didn’t even know if she was being “serious” in the fight
just now or not. As Kuromueina and Shallow Vernal remained grim, they just kept
staring at the golden gate where the Earth God had appeared. Feeling anxious
within their mind, thinking that something big and tumultuous is going to happen
in the future...

---

Human Realm...at an altitude of approximately 10,000m above Symphonia’s royal
capital, there was an angel... the Earth God with her beautiful wings
outstretched. The eyes of Earth God, who remained motionless with her wings
outstretched and remained in the same place, were focused at a corner of
Symphonia’s royal capital.

[...What a boring face, that is. You really don’t look good with such a
“pasted-on smile”, ●●●●●●...]

The small voice she muttered reached no one’s ears. At the same time, Earth God
recalled the long, long past... When she was still “a human, not a God”.

---

Being born with unique powers and a special environment... She was in a cage,
not meeting anyone or being given anything. No one taught her anything.
Nevertheless, she learned and knew many things. At the same time, she
understood. She knew she was a monster beyond human limits... and at that time,
she met someone.

———With how strict the security in this place is, I was wondering if there was
some kind of treasure in here, but it was just a girl... What the heck is with
this situation?

———You’re asking me what this situation is, isn’t that supposed to be my line...
For you to suddenly appear from the sky, who are you? An angel?

An artificial island in the middle of nowhere, not even marked on a map. In such
a place, a girl with bright blond hair suddenly appeared in the bird cage where
she has been ever since she can remember.

———I’m not an angel, but talking about me appearing from the sky would take too
long, so I’ll just introduce myself first... I’m “●●●●●●”. A humble traveler and
a slightly strange monster.

The girl said she was a monster. In fact, the fact that she was able to easily
break into her birdcage with an overly tight security system made it
understandable that the girl was a being beyond human limits, so she understood
that this was her first encounter with her own kind. That’s probably why... for
the first time in her life, she told her name to another person.

———Fufufu, I am... “Makina”. If I were to introduce myself in your way, I’m a
bird caged from birth... and a monster who doesn’t know about the world.

For Makina, that day’s encounter... with the first friend she made for the first
time in her life was something she will never forget. From that day on, ●●●●●●
frequently appeared before Makina. Sometimes with a large amount of sweets,
sometimes with play equipment that she was seeing for the first time...

———Clairvoyance?

———That was what my power was apparently called. That was what my “alleged
father” said.

———Alleged, you say...

———I’ve never talked or actually met him, so calling him my alleged father is
enough. Well, as I said before, I can speak the language even though I wasn’t
taught to, and I know a lot of things even though I’ve been on this empty island
for a long time. I don’t think I’m wrong with that.

Even when she told her about her powers, ●●●●●● attitude didn’t change. ●●●●●●’s
past, which she told her in return, was like a fairy tale, but Makina was able
to naturally believe it. It did not take much time for Makina to consider ●●●●●●
as her irreplaceable best friend and the most important person in the world.

———I wonder why I was born with a power like this?

———I dunno? If you ask me, that power of yours sure is convenient. If I had that
kind of power, it would have been a lot easier for me to find what I’m looking
for.

———...Do you want this power, ●●●●●●?

———No, don’t want it. I’m an old-fashioned traveler, believing that I have to
seek the things I’m looking for on my own.

●●●●● was a traveler. Not knowing what or where, living for a tremendous number
of years, she continued to search. She was a great hero who was now forgotten by
the world.

———Fufu, that part of ●●●●●●... is something I like. I’m glad we’ve become
friends like this... but you’re a traveler, so you’ll disappear someday.

———...Me disappearing or Makina disappearing isn’t something I would know... but
I’m going to stay around here for a while longer. My journey is a long one,
where I have no idea where I’ll end up, so it’s not a bad idea to take a detour
once in a while.

———I see... I envy you though. After all, even if I can see and know things,
those are things I actually didn’t experience.

———Hmmm, let’s take a stroll outside then!

———Eh?

———Don’t worry, it’s not so hard for me to fool the security system in this
place. I’m a wizard after all.

●●●●● was able to use magic, an ancient power now lost to the world. With that
power, she brought Makina out of her birdcage and showed her many things. The
pleasantness of the wind caressing her cheek, the scent of nature, the beautiful
starry sky... All these experiences she had for the first time made her think
that the world was irresistibly wonderful.

———Being outside the cage, why don’t you just fly away?

———That might be a good idea. However, I’ll pass. It’s not like I have anything
I want to do like ●●●●●● after all.

———Hmmm, well, I guess it’s not something that should be rushed huh? However, if
you ever want to leave the birdcage, just let me know. I’ll make it quick and
easy for you by destroying that island and taking you out of it.

———Fufufu, I don’t think you really need to destroy that island though? ●●●●●●
is being too extreme.

For Makina, the present time, the moments she’s together with ●●●●●●, were what
made her happiest. That’s why, she thought that was already enough. She wished
that time like this would last forever... but ironically, the little wish that
the girl in the birdcage had for the first time in her life crumbled.

It was because of the person she calls her alleged father. He is a scientist who
has gone mad from grief over the loss of Makina’s mother... and has created an
Artificial God in the hope of saving the world. In order to create a world
without suffering, a world without sorrow, Makina, who had the power to see the
world, was chosen to be the core of the Artificial God created with insane good
intentions. Unfortunately, at the time his plan was being implemented, ●●●●●●
was on a shopping trip far inland and wasn’t by Makina’s side. Therefore, the
story went according to the scenario envisioned by the mad scientist, and Makina
was taken into the Artificial God’s core. Thus was perfected the Mechanized God
who could see the world and save all living things from suffering and sorrow.

However... not all things went according to the scientist’s wishes.

Immediately after receiving his wish for salvation, the completed Mechanized God
obliterated the scientist and all the living things around him. However, it
wasn’t as if it was going on a rampage. The Mechanized God indeed received the
scientist’s wish and simply moved to fulfill it.

A world without suffering, a world without suffering... The most efficient way
to fulfill such a wish... is to wipe out all living things that have feelings.
That is what God had concluded. Not caring about the existence of Makina, who
was captured in its core, screaming as information surged into her mind from all
over the world, the God of Salvation, who had saved the scientists from
suffering, moved on to save the world.

(...It hurts... my head... my heart... feel like burning... The world’s
overflowing emotions... feels like they’re painting me out... Help me...
●●●●●●...)

That being certainly possessed enough power to be called a God, and would have
saved the world from suffering in a very short time if it had flown from the
island that was her birdcage. Yes, if only one person... if only the “Hero who
vanquished the being once called the Great Evil God of Despair” had not been
there...

———A patchwork iron like you, taking my friend and pretending to be God... Don’t
get carried away, you piece of junk... I’ll have Makina back!

Makina, who was about to be crushed by all the emotions in the world, certainly
heard that voice in her ears. And at the same time, she definitely saw a
dazzling ray of hope...

———Exceed my limits! And now, weave the world! _Hekatonkheires_!

By the hand of the Hero, the Artificial God had been destroyed. Unfortunately
though... that didn’t mean everything went back to how it was before. Indeed,
the Artificial God was gone. However, by being temporarily united as the core of
the Artificial God... Makina had awakened to her “true power”. She thought her
power was Clairvoyance, but the name of her true power... is “Omniscience”, the
Authority of a True God to know all things.

And with the acquisition of this power, a thought was born within Makina’s mind.

———Hey, ●●●●●●. I’ve found something I want to do.

———Something you want to do?

———Unnn. The world certainly is filled with suffering, sorrow and pain. But, as
●●●●●● showed me, there is also hope. Lots of emotions shape the world. And to
such a wonderful world... I thought I too wanted to “create” such a world.

———Creating a world, the conversation suddenly turned big.

Under the star-filled sky, on the island that was once her birdcage, she and
●●●●●● stood side by side looking at the stars and exchanged words.

———...I want to be a “God”. Whether it’s their joy, sorrow, pain or anger... I
want to be a God who can affirm all of them and love them for what they are...

She already knew the way to reach True Godhood with the power of her
Omniscience. Fortunately, the material, the remnants of the Artificial God, was
also available on the spot. If she wants to become a God who can recognize and
love the world as it is, as God created it... That was the wish that the
Omniscient Makina held.

———Do you think it’s possible?

———I dunno, that’s not for me to decide. If Makina has the answer in your mind,
all I have to do is cheer for you to do your best.

And hearing her dream... Her only best friend affirmed it without making

———Thank you, ●●●●●●.

And in just a few days, Makina, having gained the power of Omniscience,
completed her preparations... and elevated herself to Godhood. At the same time,
it meant that it was time to say goodbye to ●●●●●●. Having become a God, Makina
would leave this world and set out on a journey to create her own world.

———With this, I’m now a traveler just like you, ●●●●●●.

———I think the scale is quite different though... Well, I guess we are the same
in that both of us are traveling.

———Unnn. I think I will travel around various worlds first. Then, after I do
that and finish mastering my powers as a God, I’ll try to build my own world.

———Sounds like a solid approach. The interesting times would be short though...

———Fufufu, you’re right. So, one day, I’d like ●●●●●● to see the world I’ve
created.

———That would be... if I’m still alive by then.

She’d be lying if she said she wasn’t feeling reluctant to part with her.
However, they can’t just keep talking forever. So, in the end... Makina
entrusted her irreplaceable best friend with a wish. Handing over what could be
called the master key that would allow her to reach her core, her core, the God
spoke to the Hero.

———I’m going to try my best not to... but still... if I ever forget my
origins... If I forget about love and become a merciless God... I’d like you to
“destroy” me, ●●●●●●.

———Alright... In return, if you can become a God without forgetting your
origins, then help me with that God power, okay?

———Fufufu, unnn, it’s a “promise” then... When we meet again, if I, “Makina”, is
still here... that would be for sure.

Yes, indeed, she... Makina had exchanged such a promise... The most important
promise...

---

Beyond the richly-colored eyes of the Earth God, floating above the night sky,
there was the figure of a girl. The “masked girl” sitting on the roof of Lilia’s
mansion, was looking up at the night sky in a daze. Catching the girl... Alice
in her gaze, the angel... No, the True God, Makina, operating the angel’s
body... in a voice heard by no one, she murmured once more.

[...I promised you after all. I will definitely save you...●●●●●●.]
