---
toc: true
---

# Prologue

Dear Mom, Dad—

It’s been almost half a year since I came to another world, Trinia.

These six months have been so colorful that I have accumulated a good number of
notebooks for my diary notes. I remember that when I first came to this world, I
was confused and a lot of troubles had happened. But after half a year, you end
up getting used to it, and recently, I feel that I’m able to spend my time
calmly and peacefully.

[...Calmly and peacefully? Kaito-san, that some kind of other world joke or
something? With you writing that in your diary, there would be no one who would
laugh at your joke, you know?]

[What do you mean by that?]

[No, I mean, the Super Trouble-Magnet Kaito-san calmly living through life...
Alice-chan will declare it now... That’s not gonna happen.]

[...N-No. But you see, there hasn’t been major stuff happening lately...]

Before I knew it, Alice was peeking into my diary from the side, and I responded
to her words, a little confused. Indeed, I do feel like I have this constitution
that seems to attract trouble. I won’t refute that, and accept it myself.
However, there haven’t been any major incidents lately...

[The cause of the unprecedented True Blessing bestowal to Lilia by the Supreme
God Chronois, the cause of the High Ancient Dragons strutting around the Flying
Dragon Flights of the Royal Capital, and the cause of the planning of the Six
Kings Festival, the first large-scale festival in the Demon Realm organized by
the Six Kings... is going to leave in peace?]

[Sorry, it must be my imagination.]

Now that she mentioned it, there certainly were few incidents that had a major
impact on me personally, but there frequent incidents that had a global impact.
If I were to be asked if I’m the cause of all that, I’d have to tilt my head a
bit... but it’s also difficult to deny, which is troubling.

[I mean, including all that, how could you have turned the world upside down in
just six months? As the ruler of the shadows of this world, Alice-chan, I am
beyond astounded and could only laugh here. Kaito-san, you’re seriously a
singularity.]

[...Rather than that, don’t you think more than half of it also got you involved
in it?]

[No, well, that might be the case. It’s just, even in places I’m not involved,
you’re getting to know the Six Kings’ executives and other important people, so
I think Kaito-san’s ability to draw connections... No, ability to draw trouble
towards you is the real deal. With you saying all that, don’t you think
something big will happen again soon?]

[Could you not say anything that makes me uneasy...]

Speaking of which, when I first met Chronois-san, I remembered when she told me
I was blessed with a strange fate... W-Well, but even then... my life might not
really be at peace, but I feel like my life has been calm. Besides, it was just
the past few days that had been abnormal. It’s not like major incidents really
happen that much....

[Kaito-san, Kaito-san.]

[Unnn?]

[...Do you know the term “calm before the storm”?]

[Like I said, could you not say anything that makes me uneasy?]

Hmmm, I wonder what this feeling is? When Alice says that, combined with how
suspicious-looking she is, it makes me feel strangely uneasy, even more so than
when other people say it. I mean, I just thought about it but...

[You. Don’t tell me you had thought of something that might happen?]

[Well then, it’s getting late, so I guess I’ll be excusing myself. I think it
would be better if Kaito-san sleeps early, you know?!]

[Wait right there. Oi, what the heck is with that unabashed behavior of yours?!]

[...It’s alright. The probability of that happening is about 20% at the moment
so...]

[What will?! Wait, stop, oi! Don’t disappear!]

20%? Eh? The heck is this? In other words, there’s a one-in-five chance that
something big will happen? U-Unnn... I’m getting worried about the future.
