---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 1: The Ultimate Baby Castella

The 17th Day of the Wind month... On that day, those words were suddenly spoken.

[...I think it’s time to bring my baby castellas to the next level.]

[...U-Unnn?]

[The possibilities of baby castellas are endless. However, I think I’ve only
been able to tap into a fraction of its potential. In order to reach its maximum
potential, we need to challenge ourselves not just with established practices,
but also look at it from multiple perspectives.]

[.........]

Coming to my room at night just like usual, Kuro... no, the Baby Castella Demon
declared with a serious expression on her face. Is this one of those topics that
would continue expanding? I don’t have a good feeling about this at all, so I’d
like to switch to another topic...

[And so, Kaito-kun! You and I, let’s explore the possibilities together!]

[I have no clue what the heck is going on. I mean, seriously, you’re asking that
now? It’s almost midnight...]

[It’s alright. I’ve adjusted my work with my Trading Companies and other such
business for that purpose so that I can have the whole day tomorrow, so we can
do it tomorrow\~\~]

...Would it be alright if I refuse here? I don’t have the power of foresight,
but I can somehow see myself fainting in agony after eating a very bad baby
castella. But well, seeing Kuro having such a big smile on her face, I can’t say
no to her either. Guess this is what they meant when they said the one who fell
in love is weak. Well, I’ll just think of this as an unusual date invitation.

[I don’t have any plans either, so I don’t really have any problem going along
with you... but even if you say explore possibilities, have you decided what
exactly you want to do?]

[Hmmm, I wonder. Even though we have all the main members of the “Baby Castella
Research Group” here, consisting of me and Kaito-kun, we can’t just go testing
things out at random.]

[..........]

When the heck did I become a main member of a research group that gives me a
headache just from hearing about it? However, I can’t say I don’t have any idea
what she’s talking about, although I’m unwilling to say it. Since I have been
eating baby castellas almost every day since I came to this world, and have
experienced many different flavors of it, it’s fair to say that I’m
knowledgeable about baby castellas. I may be repeating myself, but this is
something I’m unwilling to say.

[Hmmm. I guess it would be a good idea to ask for a third party’s opinion,
right? It’s great and all that Kaito-kun and I have deep knowledge of baby
castellas, but I think this deep knowledge is also the reason why we’re stuck in
a stereotypical way of thinking about them. That’s why, by listening to the
opinions of people from various fields, we may be able to see aspects that we
haven’t been able to see before.]

[I-I see...]

She seemed to be pondering more seriously than before, but it’s only about baby
castellas. Moreover, this is about new possibilities that don’t really need to
be sought after...

[A-Alright. Then, we’ll go around tomorrow and ask various people’s opinions?]

[...I guess so. That’s the rough plan we’ll go about, but let’s think about the
parts that we can do now!]

[...Eh?]

No way, is she still going to talk about this? Kuro seems to be having some sort
of misunderstanding here, but I don’t have much passion for baby castellas, you
know? But sadly... With how happy Kuro looks, I couldn’t say such a thing to
her.

[...Kaito-kun, what do you think is the ultimate baby castella?]

[...The tastiest baby castella, I guess?]

[Unnn, it’s true that this is the factor leading towards one of the ultimate
forms. However, taste is something that has an infinite variety to it, and what
is the ultimate taste for me isn’t necessarily the ultimate taste for everyone.]

[T-That’s true...]

[Besides, baby castellas aren’t luxury food. Therefore, I don’t think it’s
enough to just pursue tastiness. The cheapness and comforting gentleness are
part of the appeal of baby castellas, so I think that if you disregard these
aspects and pursue only deliciousness... Can you really say that it’s the
ultimate baby castella?]

[...T-That’s tough.]

Kuro’s amazing... She’s really thinking this seriously about baby castellas.
Also, all that philosophical talk doesn’t really answer your earlier question,
so I guess this would take long?

[Yes, that’s tough! Baby castellas have endless possibilities. That’s why it
also opens up many options... It’s a subject that won’t allow us an easy
answer.]

[Y-Yeah, I suppose... Well then, let’s leave that for tomorrow—]

[That’s why, in order to clarify the vision of completion, let’s consider the
advantages and disadvantages of sharpening each of its aspects!]

[—I-I guess so, let’s do that.]

Ahh, this won’t do. This feels like we’ll end up talking about this for a while.
Seriously, what in the world is driving her to this point...

---

The next day.

The search for the possibilities of baby castellas, which benefits no one other
than Kuro, had started. To be honest, I was tilting my head in wonder if the
preparations for the Six Kings Festival would be alright, but well, if it’s
Kuro, she would probably do that part well too.

Anyhow, for today’s purpose of asking various people for their opinions, the
first arrow in the quiver had been released towards...

[...H-Huhh... I-I see. The new possibilities of baby castellas... is it?]

[Unnn. That’s why, I want to hear your opinion, Lilia-chan.]

[Ah, yes. E-Errr...]

Yes, we went to Lilia-san. No, since I’m staying at Lilia-san’s mansion, it’s
certainly a reasonable decision to ask her first. It’s just, unnn... I wonder.
Why is it that this person always ends up getting the short end of the stick?
No, I’m aware that most of it is my fault but...

[...I-If you don’t mind my opinion... How about... making them feel high-class?]

Hearing the words Lilia-san timidly said, Kuro looked as if she was thinking
about something.

[...I see. I used to think that baby castellas should be sweets for the masses.
However, this may have led to my vision narrowing. By daring to go in the
opposite direction, we could certainly arrive towards new possibilities.]

[Eh? Ah, yes! That’s right.]

Lilia-san looked pretty nervous... Or rather, I can feel her desperate desire
for all this to end. That’s why, I decided to join in the conversation a bit and
follow her up.

[...Errr, I think it’s a good idea too. I know you said that tastiness doesn’t
really lead to the ultimate baby castella, but as long as it’s food, I think
it’s a good idea to try to make it taste good.]

What the heck am I even doing? For me to seriously think about baby castellas, I
almost feel like laughing at myself. However, both Kuro and Lilia-san seemed to
be seriously thinking about it, so there’s no way I could just laugh here.

[...I suppose so. Well then, I’ll add making a high-class baby castellas to the
ideas I had in mind. Thanks, Lilia-chan.]

[N-No. It’s my honor to be of help.]

Ahh, I see... I’ve already expected this, but it seems that this Baby Castella
Demon will not stop just because she had found one possibility. As for me, I’d
like to just make some high-class baby castellas and relax while eating them...
but with how motivated Kuro looks right now, that doesn’t seem likely.

---

After that, we received the opinions of Lunamaria-san, Sieg-san, Aoi-chan, and
Hina-chan who were at the mansion, before Kuro and I went out to the city. At
first, we would gather opinions from people in Symphonia’s Royal Capital... but
considering the people Kuro and I were both acquainted with, the place we’re
going next would inevitably...

[Possibilities of baby castellas? What in the world is that? You know, I’m
feeling this emptiness, as if a topic from a different world had been suddenly
thrown on my face... I’m completely disinterested in that, so can you just go
home?]

Looking extremely astounded, Alice, sitting behind the counter of her general
store, said... As expected, as both of them are part of the Six Kings, she
speaks frankly and without reservation to Kuro as well. I know she often jokes
around things, but for once, I agree with her. However, if Kuro could be stopped
by that, we wouldn’t have been this troubled.

[Shalltear is a good cook, so I thought you might be able to come up with
something from a different perspective. What do you think, Shalltear? What
possibilities do you see for baby castellas?]

[And my words were completely ignored... No, like I said, I’m not interested in
that at all, and I’m busy tending to my store, so just turn around and leave...]

Just as Alice pointed at the entrance of the store, looking deeply annoyed at
how unperturbed Kuro was while ignoring her words, Kuro pulled a bag out of
nowhere and put it on the counter.

[Speaking of which, I still haven’t placed the consultation fee yet, have I?]

[...Haahhh... I’ll tell you this now, but I can’t be swayed with—Eh? This much?]

What is this? I may have awakened to the ability to predict the future. I can
already vividly predict what’s going to happen next. As if to affirm my
thoughts, Alice put that bag in her pocket and a dazzling smile appeared on her
face.

[...Well, it’s a request from none other than Kuro-san! As Kuro’s family, of
course, I will do my best to help you!!!]

[Thanks\~\~]

See that, she really was bribed. I don’t know if I should say she doesn’t betray
expectations or not...

[And so, once again... Shalltear, what do you think is necessary to bring my
baby castellas to a higher level?]

[How about simply adjusting the quality of the ingredients and some aspects with
the way you bake them? It seems that Kuro-san has been making various strange...
original things, but I don’t think changing things up is all there is to it. By
trying to maximize the original goodness of baby castellas, you can improve the
overall quality of the product—Wait, what’s with that face, Kaito-san...]

[No, I was just surprised to hear you give such an extremely proper opinion.]

[I would really like to have some time to ask Kaito-san once what kind of person
you think I am... but well, anyhow, that’s my opinion.]

When Alice said that after throwing a light tsukkomi at me, Kuro nodded a few
times before brightly smiling.

[I see! Then, why don’t you try making some for us as a test? You see, neither I
nor Kaito-kun have eaten yet.]

[...Baby castellas don’t count as a meal, you know? No, well, I’ve been paid too
much, so I guess I don’t mind giving a little extra service.]

[...Today’s Alice looked really decent.]

[Oiiiii, Kaito-san? Why do you praise me and speak ill of me in the same
sentence?!]

If it’s the goofy Alice and the serious Kuro, it would usually be Kuro who would
definitely say something decent. However, when baby castellas are involved, Kuro
would go on a rampage, making Alice actually look like a sensible person. No...
just because she often acts goofily or makes fun of other people, I feel that
Alice is actually thinking with common sense. Anyhow, it seemed that Alice was
going to make the first prototype after starting this project, and with a
slightly astounded look on her face, Alice went behind the counter... and came
out in “about ten seconds”.

[It’s ready\~\~]

[Isn’t that too fast?!]

[No, Kaito-san. Even I can normally use Space-Time Magic, you know?]

[Ahh, I see...]

Just like Ein-san did back in the barbecue, she manipulated time and finished
cooking in an instant huh...

Putting the plate with some baby castellas on the counter, Alice urged me and
Kuro to eat them. Accepting her offer, I picked up one of the freshly made baby
castellas and ate it—Whoa, this is delicious?! Eh? What is this outrageous
tastiness... Its taste definitely is of a baby castella that I’ve had enough of.
However, the hardness of the dough, the texture, the temperature, all of them
were sharpened to the ultimate level.

[T-This is extremely delicious... You’re amazing, Alice.]

[Fufufu. Well, this is roughly how it would be like if it were up to me. Have
you come to see Alice-chan in a better light? You can compliment me more, you
know? I’m the type who grows with praises after all.]

The smug look on her face is annoying, but I couldn’t complain this time. Just
by taking a bite of this baby castella, even I, an amateur, could understand
that Alice has overwhelming skills. I even feel like this would be the ultimate
baby castella.

[Unnn! Delicious! You’re really good at cooking, Shalltear. As expected of the
person “Ein publicly declared to be her only rival as a maid in this world”.]

[...No, seriously, that’s something she just says on her own. I don’t remember
becoming Ein-san’s worthy rival, nor do I remember becoming something like a
maid.]

The fact that the Perfect Maid Ein-san declared her as her rival normally means
that Alice is that great... but when you look at Ein-san’s unusual fixation with
maids, I can understand why Alice looked really repulsed to receive such a
title. I had such thoughts in mind... Immediately after, I heard a familiar
voice.

[“Something like a maid” you say... Now that is quite the statement. May I take
that statement as a challenge to the existence of maids... and by extension, a
challenge to me?]

[No, I’m not challenging you though? I mean, why are you nonchalantly appearing
here... Please turn around and quickly leave this place.]

[Alright. This challenge... Representing all the maids in the world, I WILL
ACCEPT IT!]

[Oi, you there. Why the heck are you ignoring your master over there and my
opinion? The only one who can treat me roughly is Kaito-san, you know?]

Ein-san suddenly appeared and started fighting Alice. After doing that for a
little while, she took her eyes off Alice and slightly bowed her head to me.

[Kaito-sama, please take care of Kuromu-sama today.]

[Eh? Ah, yes.]

After saying this and bowing her head once more, Ein-san turned toward Alice
again. At that moment, Kuro took my hand and pulled me away.

[Well then, Kaito-kun. I think it’s about time we get going.]

[...Y-Yeah. I guess so.]

When I nodded at this suggestion, Alice flusteredly called out to Kuro.

[No, no, Kuro-san! You intend to just ignore this guy? Seriously, please stop
her.]

[...Shalltear, ummm... Do your best.]

[You’re not going to be responsible for her?!]

However, Kuro just took it in stride... and taking my hand, we walked towards
the exit of the store to go to the next place.

[Well then, Shalltear... Let’s settle this.]

[No, I admit defeat already...]

[Hoohhh. You think it’s not worth it to fight someone such as I?]

[...I didn’t say that. Haahhh... I understand already. I’ll go along with you
for a little while, so when we’re done, please go home.]

---

The next place me and Kuro went to was the Archlesia Empire. In Symphonia’s
Royal Capital, there’s also the King, Ryze-san, who is a mutual acquaintance.
However, when I checked with Orchid via hummingbird, it seemed like they were in
the middle of a meeting, so I decided not to bother them. That being the case,
the next place we’d visit should be another country, the Demon Realm, or the God
Realm... What bothered me a little was that when we talked about mutual
acquaintances, Kuro looked unusually hesitant. In the end, Kuro went right back
to her usual self... but I wonder what that was?

I wonder if Kuro and I had other mutual acquaintances living in the Royal
Capital? A few questions lingered in my mind, but I never got an answer when I
thought about it, and Kuro herself somehow didn’t seem to want me to ask, so I
decided not to think about it any further. And so, we came to the Archlesia
Empire... and without hesitation, Kuro headed for the Imperial Castle. Although
she was completely unannounced, as one would expect from one of the Six Kings,
she got a face pass.

[Kuromu-sama! Welcome.]

[Long time no see, Chris. Sorry to bother you at work.]

[No, if it’s Kuromu-sama, you would always be welcome.]

When we were guided to her office, we were greeted by Chris-san, the Emperor,
with a smile on her face that looked somewhat innocent, unlike her usual calm
appearance. I tilted my head for a moment at the sight of such a Chris-san, but
then, I remembered that Chris-san had lived in Kuro’s house for a while. The
fact that Kuro calls her name without honorifics must mean that she’s her family
too.

[Sorry to bother you, Chris-san.]

[Miyama-sama too, welcome. I apologize for not giving you a proper welcome.]

[No, please don’t worry about it.]

After finishing greeting Kuro, Chris-san smiled and greeted me as well, which
made me smile a little, because I felt that her tension was somehow higher than
usual.

[Please wait a moment, I will have tea and pastries prepared. I had some sweets
made from fruits that Raz-sama shared with me the other day...]

[Does Raz-san come here often?]

When I asked her, hearing the name of an acquaintance, Chris-san happily smiled
and nodded.

[Yes. Rather, Raz-sama is the one who visits us the most.]

[Chris and Raz have been good friends since before, right?]

[That’s right, we’re considerably close. Well, though I say that... In the first
place, I can’t really think of anyone who isn’t on good terms with Raz-sama.]

[Ahaha. Raz gets along with everyone very easily after all.]

Indeed, Raz-san has tremendous social skills. She appears innocent and naive,
but she also has a kind and caring side, showing concern for others. She
actively communicates with everyone, and can be described as a communipower
monster.

[So, Kuromu-sama? I heard you had something you wanted to consult with me, but
can I ask what it is about?]

[Unnn. Actually, I’m looking for new possibilities for baby castellas with
Kaito-kun, so I’m getting opinions from various people. Do you have any ideas in
mind, Chris-san?]

[Possibilities for baby castellas huh... I see, this is a very difficult topic.
The baby castella is already a dish that boasts a high degree of perfection. If
one modifies it any further, there’s a concern that the quality would
deteriorate... With that in mind, when it comes to new possibilities...]

To be honest, I had been somewhat uncomfortable around Chris-san up until now.
She is called the “Wise Emperor”, and her words and deeds are flawless... She
somehow feels hard to approach. However, arehh? Hearing something stupid like
the possibilities of baby castellas, she’s pondering about it really seriously.
I guess it may be partly because it’s Kuro who’s asking for advice here, but
perhaps, could Chris-san actually be a pretty amusing person? Her usual flawless
behavior is simply that she acts as an emperor, distinguishing between public
and private life, and the overly outright love letters and approaches she sends
me... Perhaps, the person herself was being serious with the way she said it.

[...Perhaps, you can have it as a monthly thing, but how about changing its
appearance? The baby castellas that Kuromu-sama usually eats is a wonderful
shape that is both easy to hold and easy to eat.]

[...I see. Because it already had a wonderful shape, I might have been having
some fixed idea as to what a baby castella should be.]

[Yes. By modifying it, you may find new possibilities. My apologies, but this is
about all I can come up with.]

[No, that was very helpful. Thank you.]

One of the Six Kings, the pinnacles of the Demon Realm, and one of the rulers of
the Human Realm are seriously discussing, not the fate of the world or political
issues, but baby castellas. H-Hmmm. As expected, looking at Chris-san like this,
she just seems like a serious person.

[...Indeed, changing the shape also changes its texture, so in terms of change,
I think it would bring about a pretty big one.]

[That’s right, it was as Kaito-kun said. It’s true that the usual baby castellas
are perfect already, but that doesn’t mean baby castellas solely and absolutely
have to be that way! Just realizing that is a big gain for us.]

[I’m glad I could be of help... but, ummm, Kuromu-sama? May I ask you
something?]

[Unnn?]

While Kuro was in a good mood after receiving a simple, but quite good opinion,
Chris looked somewhat puzzled why she was asked such a question.

[...E-Errr... Why are you looking for the possibilities of baby castellas?]

[Because there is where the baby castellas are after all.]

[...............I see.]

Hearing Kuro’s reply, Chris-san’s expression changed several times, which is
quite unusual for her... before she nodded. She probably just swallowed a lot of
her thoughts and responded with the safest answer she could so as not to be
rude. As I thought, Chris-san might be a rather amusing person. Putting aside
the possibilities of baby castellas, I think the fact that I’ve eased my
avertness of Chris-san is a big plus for me.

---

After visiting our acquaintances in the Human Realm, it’s finally time for Kuro
and I to start making baby castellas... is what I’d like to say, but sadly, that
doesn’t seem to be the case. Anyhow, Kuro and I had now arrived in the Demon
Realm. No, I did suggest that we try it out first, but Kuro curtly refused,
saying that we should gather people’s opinions first. I already feel like I’m
full just by trying out each and every one of the suggestions that have already
been brought up...

[...And so, do you have any good ideas in mind?]

“...Ummm, Kuromueina? In the first place, I don’t consume food...”

[Ahh. Come to think of it, Lillywood only drinks water.]

“Yes, it’s not that I can’t eat but... I don’t need to, so I don’t.”

[I see... So, do you have any good ideas in mind?]

“Eh? A-Arehh? With the conversation we had just now, you’re going back to that
topic?! E-Errr...”

An unreasonable demand towards Lillywood-san, who doesn’t eat in the first
place... but perhaps, it’s exactly because of this that Lillywood-san may have a
different point of view from ours, so I can understand why Kuro wants to hear
her opinion.

...No, wait right there, let’s calm down. It feels like my thoughts are getting
contaminated by Kuro...

“...How about putting something in it to make it healthier?”

[I see, baby castellas with health benefits... Ahh, this could work! This could
bring about a big wave!]

[...Wouldn’t it be better if it doesn’t come?]

After thanking Lillywood-san, who had a troubled expression on her face, and
throwing a light tsukkomi at Kuro, who was increasingly getting excited, we
headed to our next location.

---

Having first asked Lillywood-san, from the flow of things, I guess we’d go
around asking each of the Six Kings, leading to the next place we’d visit being
Isis-san’s castle.

[What do you think, Isis?]

[...Errr... how about... chilling it?]

[I see, not baby castellas that taste great even if they’ve lost their warmth,
but baby castellas that enhance their taste by being chilled... Nice! As
expected, it really is coming! The big wave of baby castellas is coming!]

[...U... Unnn... Unnn?]

Indeed, ignoring the dreadful fact that we’d end up eating baby castellas all
year round, we may be able to enjoy baby castellas in summer when it’s chilled.
It would also be delicious with ice cream inside. Kuro is in a good mood after
discovering one new possibility of baby castellas after another, while Isis is
having a hard time keeping up with her excitement. I also would have liked it if
I’m not able to keep up with what’s going on, but after going through various
things... I’ve come to be able to think about this matter calmly. What is this?
Was it just my imagination? I feel like I shouldn’t go on like this... but what
is this unspeakable anxiety?

[In any case, that was very helpful, Isis-san. Thank you.]

[...Unnn... If I could help Kaito... I’m happy.]

Well, it’s just that Kuro is getting a little too excited, and I know it’s
difficult, but can someone sternly tell her off or something?

---

[And so, do you have some kind of method in mind, “Shalltear”?]

[Isn’t this the second time already?! No, no, if you’re going around the Six
Kings, you should have just gone to Megiddo-san or Magnawell-san! Why are you
here, asking me that again?]

[Unnn? I mean, you yourself know that Magnawell doesn’t eat and Megiddo would
just say to make baby castellas spicy.]

[If you can make such a calm decision, you should have noticed it right when you
asked Lillywood-san! Heck, both Lillywood-san and Isis-san hardly eat either,
right?!]

Unexpectedly, we’re asking Alice for the second time. No, she certainly gives
off the strongest impression of eating among the Six Kings, but for once, I feel
sorry for Alice.

[Well, that’s why I thought of asking Shalltear for three people’s worth!]

[...Kaito-san, she’s your lover, right? Quickly do something about her.]

[...If I could do that, I would have done that by now.]

Even though Alice is unusually asking for my help, I could only silently shake
my head. Rather, I’m the one who wants to ask her to do something about her.

[Anyway, I’m busy. Please go bother someone else.]

[...Even though you’ve been following us all these times?]

[That was to protect Kaito-san, not to help Kuro-san manufacture dark matter!]

How should I say this... Even though she’s going so far as to say that she
manufactures dark matter, Alice’s existence really is important. I would like it
if she continued following us. At least, as someone who throws tsukkomi in my
stead.

[I mean, you’ve already gathered a considerable amount of opinions, so why don’t
you just actually make it?]

[Hmmm, I guess so. It certainly seems like it’s time to give it a try... Then,
let’s make it after we get some more opinions from the God Realm!]

I wonder why? Even though the idea of asking for opinions from the God Realm in
itself is no different from what we’ve been doing before, I think I know who
we’re going to visit first. If there’s Lilia-san in the Human Realm, and
Lillywood-san in the Demon Realm... Each realm having troubled people, the
troubled one in the God Realm...

---

[...And so, why did you come to my place first?]

[I guess it’s because I feel like you’re the one who’d give me the most serious
answer.]

Yes, just as I had expected, it was Chronois-san.

[I’m sorry, Chronois-san... Bothering you while you’re at work.]

[No, you’ve had it hard too, Miyama... Now then, as for the opinion you’re
asking me for, I can’t give you anything very useful. However, I have heard of
chocolate-coated confectioneries. Instead of putting something inside or
kneading it into the dough, why not try having an external addition?]

[...I see!]

As one would expect from the serious Chronois-san, although she was taken aback
by our sudden visit, she answered properly. However, I see, coating huh...
Indeed, the eccentric baby castellas that Kuro makes are often ones that had
something inside it, so it may be simple, but it was an effective change in
approach.

[However, I’ve been thinking about this for a while now... but what is it that
drives you so, Underworld King? When it comes to baby castellas, you’re becoming
abnormal... I think this is something you can just compromise.]

Whoa there, a sharp strike came from Chronois-san... I’m really glad that her
sensibilities are normal. Well, it’s just a guess, or rather, Kuro would
definitely say she’s pursuing the endless possibilities of baby castellas.

[Then, let’s put it another way. Chronois-chan, If Shiro told you that “she
wanted to eat a delicious baby castella”, would you give her something you
compromised on?]

[W-What?! N-No, that’s not possible! Such disrespect towards Shallow Vernal-sama
is...]

[Unnn, that’s right. You would naturally want to serve the supreme dish to
Shiro, right? However, do you think making such a thing... you would have the
time to make such a thing by then?]

[?!]

Well then, it seems like we’re getting into a strange flow of conversation...
Chronois-san herself looked like she was rather shocked...

[Those who compromise now... will regret it when the time comes! Only if you
have the confidence and experience of having walked an endless road can you
prepare the best when it matters the most!]

[...I-I... was mistaken. For the pursuit of the possibilities of baby castellas
to be something needed by Shallow Vernal-sama...]

[Unnn, I’m glad you understand. It will not be a waste if you had “realized”
your mistake at this point in time. I think this would be a big piece for your
growth.]

...If this just wasn’t about baby castellas, it would have sounded like a good
line that encourages her growth... I’ll say this again, but if this just wasn’t
about baby castellas....

(Pursuing the possibilities of baby castellas is something I needed? This is the
first time I’ve heard of this?)

...Me too.

---

After that, we went to Life-san’s temple... Speaking of which, I think this is
the first time I’ve ever seen Kuro and Life-san together. The first time I went
to visit her temple, Life-san was asleep while standing, but when I called out
to her, she woke up and listened to what I had to say.

[...I see. So you are searching for an unprecedented approach, and came to ask
me for a broader range of views huh. I rarely eat, so I’m only going by what
I’ve heard... but what about changing the size of the food?]

[The size? Not the shape?]

[Yes. I heard that in the other world, there’s a custom of making food huge by
naming it something like mega or giga. How about trying such a thing out?]

[....It’s not really a custom, but there certainly are foods that are larger
than normal.]

I nodded in agreement with Life-san’s words, but I had a bad feeling about it.
I’ve seen such huge dishes on the internet. But if it’s possible, I didn’t want
such a thought to come up in Kuro’s mind. If Kuro is going to make something
enlarged... I don’t think she’d end up making a sensible-sized product. It would
be great if things just end up with a heartburn but...

[...Mega baby castella... Giga baby castella... Nice.]

See that, now the Baby Castella Demon got a twinkle in her eyes.She’s definitely
going to put this in action. Even if she did decide to discard this idea this
time, she’ll definitely make it and bring it to me sooner or later. I wonder
why? If you normally think about it, it should be twice the normal size or
something around that size... but why the heck am I imagining “Kuro holding a
baby castella bigger than a person’s face” in my mind from a while ago?

There’s no way that would become real, right? I-It should be alright. As
expected, you can’t make a baby castella of that size properly... No, guess
that’s not it huh. It’s just a guess, or rather, if it’s Ein-san, she can
definitely make that happen.

[Thanks, Life-chan! That was very helpful!]

[No, I’m glad that I was able to be of help... Well then, I’m off to my daily
meditation routine, so if you’ll excuse me.]

---

After Chronois-san and Life-san, after that would obviously be Fate-san.

[...Ehh, the heck is with all that troublesome stuff... Kai-chan is here, so I
received your visit, but can we just stop with all these here?]

[Can’t you somehow think of something? Even just one will do.]

[H-Hmmm... Ahh, that’s right. Shall-tan, you there, right? Can you come out for
a bit?]

Fate-san, who looked deeply troubled after hearing what Kuro said, clapped her
hands as if she had realized something, and called out behind me. Thereupon, the
scenery around me blurred and Alice appeared.

[...I have a bad feeling about this. What is it?]

[Underworld King, Shall-tan said she’ll answer for me! Don’t worry, Shall-tan is
an expert at cooking, so I’m sure she’ll give you a great opinion!]

[...I see. Then, I’m counting on you, Shalltear.]

Unnn, I’ve already expected the flow of things turning like this. Alice had also
had her hand on her forehead and was looking up to the heavens.

[...I already expected this would happen... but you do realize this is the third
time already, right?! I mean, can you please not go along with that flow as if
it’s a matter of course?! Compared to the number of people who participated in
this, isn’t my part a little too big?! If I don’t get paid extra here, it’s not
worth it!]

[I see, alright. Shalltear certainly is helping us a lot... so I’ll specially
give you the Number 3 position in our “Baby Castella Research Group”!]

[What?! I would be able to become the Number 3 in the prestigious Baby Castella
Research Group?! Yaaaaay, I’m so happy—like hell I would say that! What’s
sorrowful is that, after being worked so hard, you would have me participate in
such a repulsive research group...]

Seriously, for this one time only, I really appreciate the presence of Alice who
was able to speak up. I mean, with the way things are going, I’m definitely
going to be the Number 2 in this research group huh.

[...Alice, welcome to the club.]

[What the heck are you trying to get me into with that enlightened look on your
face... I’m definitely not joining, okay?]

I think she saw through my desire to have someone throw tsukkomis at Kuro, as
she gave me back a strong NO. I see, that was truly a shame.

[Well, putting that aside. Shalltear, do you have any good ideas?]

[...How about you fry them instead?]

[I see!]

[For goodness’ sake, even this Alice-chan’s brain can no longer envision what
the finished product is like. It’s just, how mysterious. I can’t see a future
where it will be straight-up delicious... I’ll prepare some stomach medicine for
you, Kaito-san.]

Muttering something disturbing, Alice disappeared.

---

It seems like the long-awaited moment has finally come, or rather, it seems like
the last one would really be this person... but the last person that we’re going
to ask for opinion in the God Realm would be the God of this world, Shiro-san.
Well, Shiro-san, who naturally saw what we were doing, said “explanation is
unnecessary” when Kuro and I arrived at the Sanctuary, and then prepared tea for
us.

[I’m not interested in that ultimate baby castella, nor do I think it’s
something I need... but for the time being, if you want to pursue deliciousness,
should I create “baby castellas that change flavor depending on the person’s
favorite taste”?]

[Creation is forbidden!!! This kind of thing is only worthwhile if you do a lot
of trial and error on your own!]

After serving the tea towards us, Shiro-san attempted to create what feels like
it could certainly be considered as the answer to what the ultimate baby
castella is, but Kuro immediately stopped her. We’ve been going all over the
place so far, so I can’t say I don’t understand why she can’t agree with
Shiro-san’s method of solving the problem with her cheaty abilities. For my own
safety though, I’d rather rely on Shiro-san’s power...

[Fumu. If that’s the case, why do you bother visiting me?]

[I mean, in the first place, Shiro-san doesn’t eat that much, right?]

[However, I’m confident in my cooking.]

[...Is that so? To be honest, this may sound rude, but it’s surprising. I can’t
imagine Shiro-san cooking that much.]

[I’ve never cooked before though?]

[...Yes?]

Arehh? Isn’t the flow of the conversation strange? Shiro-san mentioned that she
was confident in her cooking, and I responded that it was surprising... The
situation is making sense so far. However, why did she then say that she had
never cooked before?

[Errr, Shiro-san... You have never cooked before?]

[Yes.]

[...But you say you’re a good cook?]

[Yes. I’m confident in my cooking.]

Ahh, my head’s spinning. Not understanding the meaning of Shiro-san’s words, I
looked at Kuro as if asking for help. Thereupon, Kuro notices my gaze and speaks
with a wry smile on her lips.

[...I could understand how you would forget about it, but Shiro is “almost
omnipotent”, you know?]

[Ahh, I see... That’s what you mean.]

With Kuro’s words, I finally understood the meaning of what Shiro-san had just
said. Shiro-san is almost omnipotent... In other words, even if she had never
done something before, if she does, “she can do most things perfectly”. That’s
why, she said she was confident even if she had never cooked before.

[...By the way, I’m changing the subject but... Shiro, is something happening?]

[What are you talking about?]

[It’s just, something seems to be a little off with the magic power in the
Sanctuary?]

[Isn’t it just your imagination?]

[...Hmmm, I wonder... It certainly feels like something a bit out of place, but
it’s hard to say exactly what it is.]

Hearing the words Shiro-san nonchalantly said, Kuro looked somewhat unsatisfied.

[More importantly, if you’re going to make baby castellas, should you really be
staying here too long? I don’t think there’s any particular information you can
glean from me.]

[...You’re not doing anything strange, right?]

[I’m not sure what you would describe as strange, but I don’t think I’m doing
anything weird.]

[............]

Just like that, Kuro and Shiro-san stared at each other in silence for a few
seconds, before Kuro sighed, looking as if she gave up.

[...Well, if you’re not going to say anything, I won’t ask any more questions,
and I just hope you’re not doing anything strange... Well then, Kaito-kun! Shall
we go home and make baby castellas?!]

[Eh? Y-Yeah...]

It was a curious exchange, but it seemed that Kuro decided it wasn’t a problem.
After nodding at Kuro’s suggestion to go home and make baby castellas, I said my
goodbye to Shiro-san before we both walked out of the God Realm.

[...Hey, Kuro. Did something happen?]

[Hmmm, it’s not that big of a deal. It’s just that, I got a little curious
because I found “some traces of a space connection with somewhere” in the
Sanctuary...]

[The space had been...]

[Well, it isn’t really that unusual for Shiro to do things I don’t understand,
and I also didn’t feel like she was doing anything other than from those traces
I felt, so I don’t think it’s a problem.]

[I see...]

---

A few moments after Kaito and Kuromueina had left, Shallow Vernal lightly waved
her finger. Thereupon, a rupture in space ripped open and the dimension split
apart.

[I apologize for suddenly interrupting our conversation.]

“...I don’t mind. I’m sure you have your own reasons on your side.”

What came from the torn space was an inorganic... machine-like voice.

[Once again, shall we continue our negotiations?]

“As for me, I’m not really that interested about this matter. Rather, I know
you’re well aware of this... but in the first place, I’m displeased with this
“Hero Summoning”. Please remember that I’m reluctantly accepting it on the
condition that “the souls of my children” will be returned to me after their
death.”

[Yes, of course.]

“...And yet, you’re now asking me to “temporarily lend you the soul of my
child”. I have known you for a long time, so I’m willing to negotiate with you
like this... but please don’t expect you’ll receive a good response. In the
first place, why do you even go through such lengths? What is so special about
my child that you have summoned this time... Shallow Vernal?”

Even hearing her question, Shallow Vernal’s expression doesn’t change.

[Kaito-san is my Singularity.]

“...You have changed.”

[Is that so?]

“Yes, I’m able to feel your emotions more than before. I see, Singularity... was
it... I’m a little more interested in my child who brought about this change in
you. Let me look into him...”

After saying those words, there is silence between them. And then, that silence
was broken in just ten seconds.

“...It seems like... I would need to directly confirm things.”

[Are you talking about Kaito-san?]

“Yes, do you mind bringing him here for a moment? If I find him to be of value,
then I will agree with that matter.”

[...And if you decide that he is of no value?]

“You “dispose” of things that are unnecessary... Isn’t that a very natural thing
to do? The lives of the people in my world, according to my judgment, I may
dispose of them.”

[...That is unacceptable.]

Hearing the being declare that they would dispose of Kaito depending on their
judgment, Shallow Vernal’s voice was clearly filled with anger as she told them
that that is the only things she will not tolerate...

“...Well then, let’s do it this way. “I will go over there and see things for
myself”. Though I say that, it’s not my true body that will go over there. I
will send... one of the clones I created for personal use.”

[You are coming to my world? Isn’t that against the “contract” we made before?]

“Yes, that’s right. That’s why, in return for your willingness to accept this
breach in contract, I will add a new clause in a contract that “I will never
harm your Singularity”. How about that?”

[...Fumu.]

Hearing the other party’s words, Shallow Vernal thought with her mind that
exceeds human intellect. Immediately identifying the advantages and
disadvantages, she weighed them up before speaking her response.

[...It’s not a bad deal. If I agree to this, what about the earlier matter?]

“Yes. I will consider it, with the word “positive” attached to it.”

[I understand. I don’t mind adding that condition... Will you come here
immediately?]

“Although the preparations of my clone can be done quickly, there’s a time and
place for everything. I will contact you to let you know when the time is
right.”

[I understand... Well then, I will be waiting for your arrival... “Earth God”.]

“...Earth God... Earth God huh... Earth isn’t really the name of my world, but
the name of a planet, but that is the name by which you refer to my existence
huh... Well, it isn’t that bad.”

[If you tell me your name, I could just call you that, you know?]

“Unfortunately, I held no name unique to me by which I was known as a God.
However, let’s see... I will think about this by the time I visit you there.
Well then, I will contact you again... Shallow Vernal.”

[Yes, see you again...]

---

After we finished listening to various opinions from different people, it’s
finally time we start cooking. Our... Or rather, Kuro’s challenge to find the
ultimate baby castella has only just begun. Moving to the kitchen at Kuro’s
castle and putting on the apron that was handed to me, Kuro, wearing a black
apron, spoke with a bright smile on her lips.

[Well then, let’s get right to making the “Fried and Coated Giga Baby Castella,
with the taste of high-class ingredients and shape changed, health-conscious and
tasty when chilled”!]

[...Wait a minute right there, let’s think about it for a moment.]

[U-Unnn?]

...Why the heck is she mixing it all up?!

What is this? What in the world is happening... In the first place, can coating
and frying even coexist in a single dish? W-Wait, let’s calm down. Denying this
is quite simple. However, it’s not without merit for me. According to Alice, the
fact that she produces dark matter in one go is significant. Fortunately, most
of the opinions we have gathered this time are about changing the shape and size
of the food rather than about modifying the ingredients. So, it’s likely that
what she’d create here will be a surprisingly edible product.

[...I guess so. T-Then, let’s give it a try.]

[Unnn! Let’s do it!]

After thinking about it, I agreed to proceed making the baby castella with all
the ideas fused into it. Well, it’s just, the advantage of finishing everything
in one go is just too great. Well, even if it’s the Baby Castella Demon we’re
talking about here, if the contents are this packed, the possibility of her
doing something strange is reduced...

[Wait, Kuro. What are you trying to put in there just now?]

[Eh? To make it high-class, I’m going to put in some “Diamond Turtle meat”...]

[I see... No meat. It’s not going to end well.]

[R-Really? Then, I’ll just put some “Striped Fish”...]

[Stop with the fish too!]

Ahh, this is bad. Right from the start, she was trying to put meat and fish into
the dish. I’m really glad I noticed it. However, I can’t let my guard down for
even a moment. I’ve got to get serious and do my best here... mainly for my own
safety.

[Alright, Kuro! Let’s do our best!!!]

[Ohh, Kaito-kun is filled with motivation. Fufu, it seems that you finally
realized how wonderful baby castellas are. I’m so happy!]

Somehow, someway, I’m going to avoid the future where I’m writhing on the
ground!

---

After that, I desperately tried to correct Kuro’s behavior, who was still
running wild... or rather, she had been running wild almost continuously since
the beginning, so we proceeded to make the baby castella. Sometimes it worked,
sometimes it failed... Resulting in...

[...We’ve completed it! This is amazing, Kaito-kun! I’ve never seen a baby
castella like this before!]

[...How the heck did this happen?]

A huge, chocolate-coated baby castella, five meters in diameter, was now sitting
in front of us.

![Insert 1](../../_Images/v09/Insert1.jpg#.insert)

That’s strange? I thought I did my best to prevent this from happening.... I
guess it really was that huh? I could prevent her from using strange
ingredients, but I couldn’t keep up with her physically? N-No, it’s too early to
despair. Fortunately, it was just its size that’s out of standard, but we
shouldn’t have used anything strange in terms of ingredients. In that case, what
we had created should be something that can be eaten...

[Well then, let’s chill it\~\~]

[...Kuro, that’s wrong. You didn’t chill it. You froze it.]

[...Errr... It’s that iced baby castella, you know?! This is actually what I’m
aiming for... I’m telling the truth, okay?]

[Sounds like you thought of that just now though?!]

What do we do with this 5-meter block of ice... No, it has already gotten to the
point where I no longer have any control over it. With a situation like this, I
would need to ask for help from a powerful helper.

[...Alice, help us out here.]

[Isn’t the burden you placed on me seriously too much? This is the first time
I’ve appeared for this event that I’m wholeheartedly disinterested in...
Alice-chan is gonna die of exhaustion here, you know? Well, I feel sorry for
Kaito-san if things continue like this, so I will at least cooperate with you,
but what is it that you want me to do?]

[Thanks... Somehow fix it up and make it into something good.]

[Your instructions are shitty!]

Even though she says all that, I sincerely thank Alice for coming out despite
her complaints, and I hope she could improve this humongous object that could no
longer be called a baby castella.

[Ahh\~\~ Kuro-san. This baby castella... I don’t really think it’s something
that can be called “baby” anymore, but it’s a little too big for Kaito-san, a
human, so can I modify it?]

[I see... Kaito-kun couldn’t convert matter into magic power,right? Then, I’ll
leave it to you, Shalltear.]

[Yes, yes... You two, please prepare some drinks and wait. I’ll bring it to you
right away.]

With Kuro’s permission, Alice held a knife in her hand while lifting the 5-meter
block of ice with one hand. Is that an object that can be managed with a knife?
No, well, if it’s Alice, she could probably do something about it...

Having such a thought in mind, I made coffee with Kuro and then moved to the
dining room to wait for Alice’s arrival. Then, just a few minutes later, Alice
appeared in the dining room in a flash.

[Here, it’s ready. I’ve arranged it on the plate, and even though I made a few
changes, I haven’t changed anything vital like the ingredients.]

[Ohh\~\~ It became tiny baby castellas! I see, even if you say “changing the
size”, that doesn’t just mean making things bigger.]

The plate Alice brought was loaded with chocolate-coated baby castellas, each
one about 1cm in size. Unlike before, it looks edible, and I’m impressed how she
managed to get that 5-meter block of ice into something like these in such a
short time... I feel like I’ve seen this somewhere though.

[Now, now, Kaito-kun! You can have the first bite!]

[Eh? Y-Yeah... Unnn.]

I can have the first bite. I’m sure this is just Kuro being considerate of me,
who went along with her antics all day. Well, if Alice made some changes with
it, the taste probably won’t be that bad, so I guess it would be alright?
Thinking back, I feel like I’ve been all over the place in just this one day. I
went to the Archlesia Empire, to various parts of the Demon Realm and to the God
Realm... Thinking back on it, I feel like I had a lot of fun.

When I put a piece of the culmination of such a day in my mouth...

[...Unnn, it’s delicious.]

[Really?! Then, I’ll try it out too... Uwaahhh, this is amazing! I’ve never had
a baby castella like this before! The texture is new too!!!]

The slightly chilled texture makes it a little hard, but it matches well with
the crispy dough and chocolate. Kuro seemed to be very satisfied with the taste,
and with a big smile on her face, she brought more and more of these baby
castellas(?) to her mouth.

[These are amazing! They’re small, easy to eat and go great with coffee! They’re
so good that they could be made into merchandise... We’ve found it, the new
possibility of baby castellas!!!]

Indeed, considering that I was prepared to eat an outrageous prank dish, the
taste is really great. It was more than enough to put this slightly unusual date
to an end... but most of all, I’m glad that Kuro seemed really happy. She
probably has a lot of work to do, like preparing for the Six Kings, and besides
that, she is busy every day as the real apex of the Demon Realm. If this gives
Kuro a breather, then it was worth going out with her. I like the serious Kuro
when she’s working because she’s so cool, but I also think the innocent Kuro who
is having fun like today is very attractive.

Unnn, well, How should I say this... such a smile from my beloved Kuro may be
the best reward of the day. However, unnn... Can I throw a tsukkomi for a
moment?

...You know, rather than baby castella... Doesn’t this feel more like choco
balls?
