---
toc: true
---

# Serious-senpai's Room: Act 9

Today, just as usual, in the waiting room, Serious-senpai was reading the 9th
Volume of “I was Caught up in a Hero Summoning, but That World is at Peace”.

This time’s Serious-senpai was somewhat relaxed and calm, and there was even a
slight hint of elegance in her gestures with each flip of a page... or so,
that’s how she feels.

[...It was a really good volume. Although there were many fillers connecting to
big events in the middle of the story, I can expect a lot of serious
development. I suppose this means that my turn will soon come?]

[No, isn’t the fact that you’re calmly sitting over there while all that serious
scenes are happening your answer?]

[...Shut up.]

? ? ?, who was sitting opposite here while drinking choccy milk, astoundedly
spoke. Yes, this room is a “waiting room exclusively for those who are treated
as unwanted children in the main story”. The fact that Serious-senpai is here
even though there are serious scenes in the main story is proof that she
wouldn’t come strutting around for any serious scene.

[...For goodness sake, just admit it. Senpai is a “gag character”. No matter how
serious the main story gets, you wouldn’t appear in it.]

[SHADDUUUUUUP! I’m a serious character! I’m the serious of the serious. I’m
seriousness, and seriousness is me.]

[No, I don’t know what you’re talking about anymore... but if you accept being a
gag character, you might have a chance of appearing in the main story, you
know?]

[No, if you’re a gag character with the name Serious-senpai, doesn’t that make
you an idiot?! If that’s the case, that’d make them just a dolt who thinks she’s
actually a serious character, even though their name in itself is a joke!!!]

[...That’s a perfect self-analysis, isn’t it?]

It was a very apt self-introduction, but Serious-senpai didn’t want to admit
that she was a gag character, and insisted that she was a serious character.
Well, even then, claiming such a thing in itself makes her enough to consider a
gag character... but fortunately or unfortunately, Serious-senpai was not smart
enough to realize this.

[I mean, Senpai... Just now, you said your name is Serious-senpai, didn’t you?]

[I did say that.]

[...Does your real name include that “senpai”?]

[Eh? It’s already Volume 9, so isn’t it too late to ask that? Yeah, that’s
right. I mean, it’s not like I have any kouhais...]

[A goofball to the max right from her name huh... It seems like, from the moment
you are born, you’ve already turned into a gag character.]

[I don’t want my name being pointed out by someone like you!]

This is repeated for those who may have forgotten about it, but ? ? ?’s name is
being read as “Hatena”. However, it’s not like that is her real name...

As per usual, Serious-senpai made a fuss with ? ? ?, but she gasped, seemingly
realizing something.

[...Wait, that’s not it! Putting that aside, we have to get to the meat of the
story... Look, there’s that new character, Earth God, who seemed to have a
history with you.]

[No, I’m not the Transcendental Beauty Alice-chan, I’m just Alice-chan’s fan...]

[Nobody remembers your setting anymore! Enough of that and let’s just talk about
it! We’re running out of pages to write on!]

[Haahhh, it can’t be helped... It was a story of the past. Yes, I... Alice-chan
had met her before she came to Trinia.]

[Eh? No, like I said, we’re running out of pages here, so don’t start with that
slow-paced narrative. How about we talk about your real name, which was blacked
out, and stuff like that... Ahh, wait, we’re out of space already?!]

And thus, as per usual, without touching on the contents of the main story...
The story in Serious-senpai’s room came to an end.
