---
toc: true
---

# Prologue

After seeing off Kuro and the others as they get ready for the Opening Ceremony
of the festival and killing some time, I decided to head out as well. The
Opening Ceremony itself will be held in the plaza where the Central Tower is
located, so I could easily attend the ceremony by just going outside. I was
actually planning to meet up with Lilia-san and the others, as even though you
could only attend this festival if you have an invitation, I heard that quite a
few people had gathered. It seemed like it would be difficult for us to meet up
though, so Lilia-san sent me a hummingbird saying that we should decide on a
place we could meet up afterward. Therefore, I decided to watch the Opening
Ceremony alone.

After teleporting through a magic circle, I found myself outside the Central
Tower... standing before an amazing sight.

On the plaza stands a huge number of participants... Some of them were several
meters tall, while some were as small as Fairies. The crowd before my eyes is
far more than in that temple we had visited to receive our blessings. But well,
now that I think about it, this festival is being held in this entire city, so
it would make sense that it would look like this when all the participants are
gathered in one place. However, when I looked closely, there were not many
people near the Central Tower. I mean, could it be that this place I was in is
off-limits for them?

...Let’s quickly move away from here.

Realizing that I was standing in a place where people were clearly avoiding, I
tried to head for the crowd a few distance away, but at that moment, I heard a
familiar voice.

[Kaito-san!]

[Eh? Lilia-san?]

When I turned around, I saw Lilia-san approaching me while waving her hand.

[Arehh? I thought it’s gonna be hard for us to meet up...]

[No, that’s the thing. Apparently, the rank of the invitation determines where
you can attend the Opening Ceremony.]

[Is that so?]

[Yes. It seems that the area around this Central Tower is only for those with
Gold-rank or higher invitations, while their companions and those with lesser
invitations aren’t allowed to enter before that flag stands.]

From what Lilia-san told me, this huge plaza was acting as a ward itself, and
that the invitations restrict where we could enter. I see, that’s why there are
so few people near the Central Tower...

[So, I’ve left Luna and Sieg in charge over there, and I’ve come to meet up with
Kaito-san.]

[Thank you. To be honest, I was worried that I wouldn’t be able to find anyone I
knew...]

I was really grateful that I was able to meet up with Lilia-san, and her
presence makes me feel calmer. Just as I was about to express my thoughts to
her, I heard someone’s voice.

[...Mhmm? That youth over there...]

[Ehh?]

When I looked in the direction of the voice, there was a Mermaid with marine
blue hair... The same person who had helped me with Dr. Vier’s matter a while
ago, Her Majesty Laguna.

[Ohh! As I thought, it’s young Lilia and Kaito!]

[If it isn’t Her Majesty Laguna.]

[Ohh, young Lilia. We haven’t met since that time, right? Well\~\~ I’ve thought
of it back then, but you’ve gotten a lot stronger, haven’t you? If I get
negligent, young Lilia might just take the title of the strongest of the Human
Realm away.]

[No, no, I’m still inexperienced. I’m still no match against Her Majesty
Laguna.]

When Her Majesty Laguna saw us, she approached us with a happy smile on her face
and exchanged a few words with Lilia-san.

...I mean, arehh? Did I ever tell her my name? No, well, even though it wasn’t
my intention, I apparently became famous for all sorts of things, so I guess it
wouldn’t be surprising that she knows me? W-Well, anyway, now that we’ve met...
I guess I should give her my thanks for her help back then.

[Errr, Her Majesty Laguna. It’s nice to meet you, my name is Miyama Kaito. Thank
you very much for your help the other day.]

[Unnn? What, don’t worry about it! “We’re quite close”, so helping you that much
is nothing... Rather than that, I’d like it if you stop talking to me like a
stranger. Just call me Laguna.]

[...Ehh?]

Arehh? Somehow, doesn’t it feel like Her Majesty Laguna... No, Laguna-san’s
reaction is strange? This should be the second time we’ve met, but she’s acting
all familiar... or rather, it’s as if we’ve already met before. Lilia-san’s eyes
narrowed in response to Laguna-san’s words, but I hurriedly shook my head. No,
seriously, I wasn’t hiding it from you, Lilia-san! Even I don’t know what she’s
saying either!!!

When I conveyed this to Lilia-san with gestures, it seemed like she understood,
making her tilt her head.

[...Errr, Her Majesty Laguna? Can I ask if you’re acquainted with Kaito-san?]

[Ohh! That’s right, we even fought together against a formidable enemy... he’s
my comrade-in-arms, if you will! Well\~\~ I’ve always thought he was a good man,
but now, I like him even more! Hey, Kaito. “As I had asked you before”, how
about you become my husband?]

[...Huh? Eh? N-No, wait a moment! Your Ma... Laguna-san... Didn’t we first meet
at that time with Dr. Vier?]

[...What? O-Ohh, come to think of it, that’s right!]

I really didn’t understand what Laguna-san was saying, so when I hurriedly asked
her that, she puzzledly looked at me... and a few moments later, she clapped her
hands as if she noticed something.

[That was the case, right? My bad, my bad. I certainly didn’t have this
appearance back then... I’m the old man who fished with you back in the Hydra
Kingdom!]

[...Eh?]

[Well\~\~ I forgot that I had a different appearance at that time!]

[Eeeehhhhh?! Y-You’re that grandpa from that time?!]

[Umu!]

The grandpa I chatted with almost every morning while fishing during my stay in
the Hydra Kingdom. He seemed kind of important, so I thought he was a senator...
So, he was just Laguna-san who had changed her form... Ahh, I see... When she
said that we fought against a formidable enemy together, she was talking about
that fish.

[...Kaito-san. Where should I direct these feelings now? I understand that
Kaito-san wasn’t lying to me but... in the end, you met her... With this, you’ve
met all the top of the three realms... Kaito-san... you’re scary.]

[N-No, how should I say this... I’m really sorry.]

Unnn. As it turns out, Lilia-san’s fears were completely correct. No, it isn’t a
situation where she could get angry at me. But well, even so—I’m sorry.

As a king, Laguna-san seemed to be planning to attend the ceremony as well, so
she left after a short chat. After that, as I was waiting for the ceremony to be
held with Lilia-san, the people who had been crowded together a short distance
away suddenly split apart. The crowd that split in two looked like one giant
road. Right after that, a loud shout rang out.

[S-She has come! Creator God-sama!]

As soon as that person shouted, as if in unison, all the people gathering in
this place kneeled down and lowered their heads. Matching our surroundings,
Lilia-san and I also got down on our knees, bowing our heads and got into a
prayer position. However, I slightly moved my eyes to see what was going on.
When I saw Chronois-san’s appearance in the temple before, I thought it was like
a white wave of humans... but this is on a different level. Shiro-san’s
invitation rank was definitely black. Hence, she must have brought almost all
the Gods with her. This was definitely quite a tremendous sight.

Gracefully walking in the lead was Shiro-san, the Creator God. The three Supreme
Gods lined up behind her, and further behind them, dressed in white vestments,
the Gods followed in perfect order. They were truly like the pinnacle of this
world, and those standing before them felt overwhelmed with their presence. Even
I, who was used to interacting with Shiro-san to some extent, was overwhelmed by
their presence, so the tension might have been even greater for the others.

The fact that Lilia-san next to me was slightly trembling was proof that they
were feeling a lot of pressure.

Shiro-san continued on her way at a steady pace, and on the way, all the Gods
except the Supreme Gods stopped. It seems that even the Gods must observe the
entry restriction. After a certain amount of time, Shiro-san stopped, and the
people who had been bowing their heads began to stand up, to which Lilia-san and
I followed suit.

[...She’s amazing. Creator God-sama, I mean. Her presence is just so...
divine...]

[I never thought I’d see her outside of the Festival of Heroes... Praise God for
gracing us with her presence...]

Almost as soon as I heard that voice, Shiro-san glanced at me and slightly waved
her hand. Could you stop that?! I’m talking about that reaction as if you’ve
found someone you know! No, I’m certainly someone she knows, but she’s just
drawing too much attention! The moment Shiro-san waved our way, all the
surrounding eyes immediately turned to us. No, seriously, give me a break...
Lilia-san is already ghastly pale, you know? She’s going to faint soon, you
know?

The buzzing around us gradually became noisier and cold sweat began to run down
my back, but luck still hasn’t given us up yet. Before our questions could be
put into words, a loud sound rang out from the Central Tower.

When I looked over there, I saw a part of the Central Tower sticking out like a
stage, and on top of it came out Kuro and the others... the Six Kings. Though I
say that, Magnawell-san couldn’t get on the stage, so he’s just sticking out his
head near the Central Tower...

[The Opening Ceremony is going to start soon.]

[...Oi, what are you doing here? Aren’t you supposed to be over there?]

I asked Alice, who appeared next to me as if it were a matter of course, and
after breathing out a light sigh, she told me why.

[Well, even though I’m reluctant about this... “The one beside you today is a
clone”. Main body Alice-chan is on the stage over there.]

[Ahh, I see.]

[Yes, I’m one of the organizers, so as expected, I can’t just have my clone
participate... Well, don’t worry! This newly created “Perfect Clone Alice-chan”
is created by canceling out “18000 of my clones” scattered around the world, so
this clone’s performance was almost equal with the main body! I’ll do my best to
protect Kaito-san!]

[...I-I have lots of things I want to tsukkomi about. 18000?! You have that many
clones?!]

No, I certainly knew that she had quite a number of clones, like the one in the
Hydra Kingdom and the one tending the store but... 18000?!

[Yes, well, most of them are Alice-chan clones disguised. The reason is that the
clones are responsible for transmitting the information gathered by my
subordinates to the main body, so they were deployed here and there.]

[I-I see... Even so, that’s quite a lot, 18000 clones...]

[Ah, no, if it were clones without autonomous thinking or information control
abilities, the main body could operate at least “a million” but...]

[...]

Unnn, this won’t do. I just can’t measure this guy by my common sense. No matter
how stupid she usually is, Alice is still the Six Kings... one of those beings
who were beyond human understanding. Even so, a million clones... She’s already
a one woman army...

[Well, the reason why I made this body this time was also to conduct “an
experiment”, but that’s a story for another time... It seems like it’s starting
after all.]

[...Oh?]

When I heard Alice’s words and returned my gaze to the stage, Kuro stepped
forward and spoke.

[...Everyone, for participating in the Six Kings Festival that we organized
today, thank you very much.]

Is she using Loudspeaker Magic? Kuro’s voice was loud and echoed throughout the
plaza.

[The Opening Ceremony has now commenced, or so I’d like to say, but before that,
on behalf of the Six Kings, I’d like to express my gratitude.]

In contrast to her usual cute image, Kuro now has a sense of dignity befitting a
King. Thus, her voice seemed strong and imposing.

[This year’s Six Kings Festival wasn’t prepared by us Six Kings alone, but with
the help of many others. It’s thanks to everyone lending their strength to
everyone... There’s our Demon Realm, of course, the God Realm... and Human
Realm’s Symphonia Kingdom, Archlesia Empire and Hydra Kingdom. It’s thanks to
everyone’s help that this momentous day came to be. Thank you very much.]

I see, Shiro-san and the Kings of the Human Realm were also helping out at Six
Kings Festival... As I was thinking about this, Alice quietly whispered to me.

[...Shallow Vernal-sama was our sponsor right from the start. In addition to
that, we asked for the cooperation of the Human Realm as well. Well, it’s that
so-called external measures.]

[...Unnn?]

[To be honest, we have enough subordinates under our command and all the
supplies we want as long as Shallow Vernal-sama cooperates with us. However, if
we keep going like that, the Human Realm would be left out. That’s why we asked
for their cooperation. The three realms are equal after all.]

[...I see.]

Just as I nodded my head in response to Alice’s explanation, Kuro broke off her
speech. Slowly looking around the crowd for a moment, she opened her mouth
again.

[Well then, before we announce the opening of the festival, we’d like to show
everyone a little performance.]

[...A performance?]

[Well, just relax and enjoy the sight.]

They’re having a performance. When Kuro announced this, the first person to move
was Magnawell-san. Pulling back his neck that had been leaning over towards the
plaza, he slowly turned it towards the sky.

“Uwooooohhhh!”

Magnawell-san let out a tremendous roar that seemed to split the air, but there
was no shockwave reaching our location. Kuro and the others must have put up a
barrier. Even with the barrier though, I could still feel a tingling sensation
as Magnawell-san’s roar seemed to shake not only the air, but the earth as well.
Then, some distance away from the city where the venue is located... The earth
rose up, forming a huge mountain range that surrounds this city. Looking at the
mountain range of rocks as huge as Magnawell-san, reaching thousands of meters
high even when I look at them from a distance... The people gathered here were
astonished by the power of Magnawell-san, who created this with just one shout.

However, as if it was obvious, it didn’t end there. Next, jet-black magic power
gathered around Kuro, and like a conductor of an orchestra, Kuro raised her
hands... and the donut-shaped mountain range that had surrounded the city
immediately floated up into the sky.

[...A-Amazing... Without any chants or magic circles, for her to lift up such a
large mass...]

I heard Lilia-san’s voice as she dumbfoundedly muttered, but I didn’t have the
room to look in her direction.

After confirming that the mountain range had risen quite high, Megiddo-san
thrust out his right arm, which was clad in crimson flames, towards the sky.
Thereupon, a tornado of flames that seemed to burn the heavens was released from
his fist, shattering the floating mountain range with a huge explosion. Just as
I was admiring the tremendous amount of firepower Magnawell-san had, before I
knew it, in the center of the explosion... Isis-san appeared, pushing away the
smoke from the explosion. Then, as Isis-san’s body spun around as if she was a
fairy dancing in the air, not only the shattered pieces of the mountain range...
but she also “froze the flames” blazing brightly, and a huge number of ice lumps
appeared in the sky.

Looking at the ice lumps slowly falling down to the ground, the thought that the
ground would be turned into a hellscape because of this rain of huge ice lumps
popped into my mind... but that didn’t happen.

As if to enclose the city, “three trees” appeared, and their branches extended
out at a startling speed, catching the falling ice lumps as if these trees had a
will of their own. I’m sure that the one who did was Lillywood-san... Those
three huge trees which don’t look inferior compared to the World Tree, seemed to
show how powerful Lillywood-san was. Then, as a finishing touch, Alice, clad in
her black robe, leaped high into the air. And then, Alice’s body blurred out as
if it was going through static... before a tremendous number of clones appeared,
filling my field of vision. If the main body controls them, I heard that she can
create a million clones but... actually seeing them was quite an amazing sight
to behold. Alice’s clones run like meteors through the branches of the trees in
all directions, before they return back to Kuro and the others’ side as one.

...Just a few seconds had passed. That’s all it took... for the entire scenery
to suddenly change.

The three trees surrounding the city were gorgeously and beautifully decorated
with “multicolored ice” and the three trees were connected by “flames trapped in
ice”, forming like a ring around it. And carved on these three trees were the
words “Human”, “Demon”, and “God”, the name of each realm. I see, the three
trees are the three realms... I guess that means that the ice ring that encloses
fire, giving off a shimmering light, is showing that the three realms are
connected huh...

It may be simple if they just said it. However, this decoration that surrounded
the city... To be able to create such a thing so easily, the Six Kings really
are amazing.

As admiration and astonishment could be heard from everywhere, Kuro spoke again.

[...This year marks exactly a thousand years since the Treaty of Friendship was
signed between the three realms. The three realms have carved out their history
by standing close together and helping each other. We are proud that this Treaty
stands for a millennium, and we are proud that we were able to hold the first
Six Kings Festival on this day. And in the future, I hope that for another
millennium... No. I hope that these days when we walk hand-in-hand with our dear
neighbors will continue forever... Leaving these words, I hereby declare that
the Six Kings Festival to be held!]

At that moment, the plaza was engulfed in a round of applause.

[Amazing, amazing!]

[...They’ve even changed the terrain itself in an instant... As expected of the
Six Kings!]

[Ahh, for such amazing Six Kings to call us dear neighbors. We should act in a
manner which we wouldn’t be ashamed to call ourselves as such.]

[Yes! We may not be able to compete with them in terms of power, but the Humans
have their own strong points, just like the Demons and Gods do. Let’s do our
best to help each other!]

[Ohh, of course!]

Here and there, words of praise for Kuro and the others, and words of pride for
the Treaty of Friendship rang out. And then, as if it were a matter of course,
we heard voices telling us not only to help others, but also to help each other
out. Ahh, this world really is... a good world. Everyone is trying to look
forward to a better future, doing what they can do without feeling spite towards
others. This should have been a really difficult thing to do but... the
beautiful scene of Humans, Demons, and Gods smiling and cheering together
everywhere is a sight that will show the many races living in this world that
even though we look different... we would always be close neighbors.

Dear Mom, Dad—I thought to myself once again, that I was glad to have come to
this world. I could feel the warmth of the atmosphere around us, uniting our
hearts. I can also feel that little by little, I’m also becoming part of
everyone... Somehow, just like the others—I also felt really proud.
