---
toc: true
---

# Intermission: Lillywood — To the Ordinary and Special You

The first time I met you, you weren’t anything special. I could understand that
you are a kind-hearted person. I recognized you as a person with a strong heart.
But still, you could be described as ordinary.

———You were an ordinary being.

———You were someone insignificant.

———You were a child.

———You weren’t anyone special. However...

---

The first time I heard of the existence of Miyama Kaito was from my precious
family, my little sister, Isis’s mouth. To be honest, even if it was my family
telling me about him, I couldn’t believe that someone like Kaito-san exists.
There was no way that a being without strong power could resist Isis’ magic
power of death. I thought that there was no way that someone as weak as him
could hold her hand. But then, I heard your name come out of the mouth of
Kuromueina, she who I consider my mother. I wonder what was it that I felt at
that time? I think it was a mixture of anxiety and anticipation, as if an
unknown entity had appeared.

It was in the Spirits’ Forest in the Human Realm that I first met the human
named Miyama Kaito. I am the oldest spirit in the world, and all the spirits
existing in the world are her followers. From my point of view, the human being
called Kaito-san is... so anticlimactically “ordinary”.

You were but a young being who hasn’t lived a few hundredth... No, even a
thousandth of my life, holding no great strength or magic power. A very ordinary
person. It seems like you’re able to use rare magic called “Sympathy Magic”, but
I could also use magic like that. It wasn’t a particularly unique ability.
Although you were blessed by Shallow Vernal-sama, making you loved by nature...
Still, Kaito-san himself can be categorized as an ordinary human.

I’m not making fun of Kaito-san by any means. In fact, I had a very good
impression of you when I talked to you. I could tell that you had a gentle
personality, and I also got a good impression that you cared about nature.
However, I still couldn’t see why Isis and Kuromueina consider you a special
being.

However, you have easily surpassed my imagination.

You were liked by the overbearing Megiddo, gained the interest of Magnawell, and
even Shalltear... recognized you as someone special. You were certainly someone
ordinary... but you were still unafraid to challenge the extraordinary.

And then, you have dispelled the darkness in Kuromueina’s heart. You’ve done
what neither I nor the other members of the Six Kings could do, accomplishing it
as if it was something so easy. “It was truly amazing”, is what I thought.

...That’s right. I think by that time, I had begun to think of you as someone
special.

Was it the atmosphere around you? If Isis’ magic power of death keeps others
away, it is as if the atmosphere around you attracts others. You don’t fear me,
one of the Six Kings, treating the Spirit of the World Tree... A tree like me
just like any other person. There are two main types of emotions that are
usually directed at me by people outside of my family. From the spirits,
fairies, elves, and plants... They who are connected to nature, praise and
believe in me as if I were a God. The rest of the world treats me with awe as
one of the Six Kings.

However, the emotions you directed towards me were neither of these. It was pure
affection... The kind of warmth you would feel for someone standing next to you.
It’s not that I don’t like it. In fact, I feel happy instead... However, how
should I say this... I still can’t seem to get used to it.

You’re not my family. You’re not my follower. Our race and age are different.
You are supposed to be someone very distant toward me. However, it’s quite
strange. When I talk to you... I feel as if the thought of you being by my side
seems so natural to me. Perhaps, that gentle air that makes you so “special” is
something that can only be understood by being around you. When I’m talking to
you, I feel as if it’s natural that I’m not the World King, but as Lillywood
Yggdrasil, your equal. I wonder what this is? This feeling... It feels ticklish,
but very pleasant. It’s not the same as the feeling I had when I’m with my
family or when I’m talking with my friends... Unfortunately though, I can’t find
the words to describe it well.

Though I say that, that doesn’t mean I’m in a hurry to find it. I don’t have any
basis for this, but somehow... I feel that if I stay with you from now on, I
will be able to find the answer to this unfamiliar feeling. I’m kind of really
looking forward to knowing what this feeling is. Oh my? It’s really strange.
When was the last time I felt excited about the changing future? The longer I
lived, the more conservative I have become about change but...

Maybe you are helping me to do this without me even realizing it. To a future
that makes me smile even more than now... If that’s the case, are you special
enough to bring change to others?

...No, I don’t need to think about that.

Whether you... Kaito-san is special or not, the feelings I have for you will not
change. Kaito-san is kind and warm... Someone special to me... That’s enough for
me. At least, for now that is...

I don’t have to think about anything else, I can just go back to my childlike
innocence once in a while... Just enjoy the time I spend together with you.

Kaito-san... Objectively thinking, you aren’t so special. Yes, that’s if I look
at you alone... and I’m sure that when you’re with someone, it is when your
existence shines.

———You were an ordinary being. However, both of your feet stand in an
extraordinary position.

———You were someone insignificant. However, you have accomplished significant
things.

———You were a child. However, you changed the things that hadn’t changed in many
years.

———You were an ordinary human, not anyone special.

———However, because you didn’t stop right there...

———I believe you have managed to become “special” to the extraordinary.

———I love the special and ordinary you.

———That’s why, from now on and forever... Please continue to be the wonderful
you.
