---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 1: War King's Festival

The crowd cheered at the announcement of the festival’s opening, and after
waiting for the cheers to subside, Kuro spoke again.

[...The Six Kings Festival lasts for seven days. For the first six days, each of
the Six Kings has planned their own festivals for everyone to enjoy. The order
is... War King, World King, Dragon King, Death King, Phantasmal King, and then
mine. In other words, a festival planned by the War King Megiddo will be held
today.]

Here, Kuro announced the order of the festivals... However, I already knew the
order of the festivals in advance, as it was written on the invitation. It
didn’t really matter much for people like me who would attend all seven days,
but for people like Dr. Vier, who had difficulty attending all seven days, they
would have to look into the schedule and choose the days they would attend.

[...Incidentally, this order is drawn by lottery.]

[I see.]

...The Six Kings really are close friends. As I nodded in assent upon Alice’s
additional information, Kuro stepped back on the stage and Megiddo-san came
forward.

[Alright. Let me take over the explanation here.]

Since today’s festival was planned by Megiddo-san, it was quite natural that
Megiddo-san would be the one giving the explanation. However, hmmm... The
festival that Megiddo-san planned, no matter how I think about it, I can only
see it as something battle-related, so I’m quite anxious about it...

[The theme of my festival, well, as everyone had guessed, is “battle”!]

I knew it. Rather, if that isn’t the theme of his festival, I would be surprised
instead.

[Well, though I say battle, that doesn’t mean you need to put yourself on guard.
This day is basically a festival. It’s a day where everyone should have fun!]

Hmmm. Well, in spite of his appearance, Megiddo-san is a pretty considerate
person, so I don’t think the festival he prepared would be that violent.

[It’s a bit of a hassle to explain all the details, so I’ll keep it simple. I’ve
prepared a variety of attractions throughout the city. Each attraction has one
of my subordinates in it. If you clear the conditions they give you, you can get
a stamp... As for the stamp card, it will be given to you at the first
attraction you visit.]

Hmmm. I’ve never been there, so it’s just a guess but... could it be that it’s
like a stamp rally at amusement parks? It would still depend on what attractions
they have here, but I think this festival would be pretty fun.

[Ahh, don’t worry. The attractions aren’t all about physical combat. There are
also quizzes and sports. They’re designed so that even kids can enjoy the
festival. The stamps you collect can be exchanged for prizes at the exchange
point in this plaza. You can certainly exchange one stamp for something, but
obviously, the more stamps you collect, the better the prize. Do you understand?
Not like I would explain everything again though.]

What should I do? That sounds like something I can normally enjoy... Collecting
stamps from sports and quizzes, then you can get prizes accordingly. Unnn, if I
just ignore the physical combat... then even I can enjoy this festival.

[Ahh, the fact that my subordinates are in charge of the attractions... That
obviously means that it includes the “War King’s Five Generals”. The attractions
of my Five Generals are “combat only”, but of course, there will be handicaps
depending on the strength of the participants. If you win against any of the
Generals, you will receive an extra-large stamp. Collect all five of these
stamps... Well, that is to say, if you win against all of my five Generals, come
to the central tower! For you will receive the right to “battle against me”!]

[...]

There were wild cheers from everywhere, but well, it didn’t really matter to me.
I mean, I’m exactly the type that could fight against others. According to
Megiddo-san himself, I’m only as strong as a slime. That’s why, it has nothing
to do with me at all...

[Ohh, I almost forgot! Oi, “Kaito”! You especially, have to defeat them all and
come fight me, okay?! That will be my revenge match!]

Oooiiiiii?! Why the heck are you pointing me out by name, you stupid gorilla!!!
I’m getting a lot of attention now, you know?! No, even more than that... What
kind of unreasonable thing are you saying?! Are you telling this slime-like me
to defeat all your confidants?!

[Go to Bacchus’ place first! I’ve already talked to him about it. You
understand, Kaito? You definitely have to come!]

[...]

[Whoa there, I got off track. Well, that’s about it. Other than the attractions,
there will obviously be stalls. Have fun to your heart’s content!!!]

Hearing Megiddo-san’s words, the people around me were filled with loud cheers
once again but... I wasn’t even thinking about it anymore. With my mouth still
opened wide, I just stood there in a daze.

After Megiddo-san’s explanation, each of the Six Kings explained their plans in
turn, and the Opening Ceremony was over. Then, Lilia-san and I met up with the
others but...

[...As expected of Miyama-sama. To be directly called out by War King-sama, how
enviable.]

[...In that case, I will gladly swap roles with you, so you can have it,
Lunamaria-san.]

[Hahaha, surely you jest.]

She’s really lively today, this useless maid... You really think that my misery
is funny...

[Kaito-senpai, good luck! Aoi-senpai and I are going to play in the normal
sports area.]

[I pray for your safety, Kaito-san.]

[...I see that both of your faces have been thicker huh.]

My own compatriots immediately cut themselves away from troublesome matters...
The growth of my two kouhais brings tears to Older brother’s eyes.

[Errr, according to Phantasmal King-sama’s guidebook... The place where
Bacchus-sama should be... is up north of this plaza.]

[Well then, why don’t we all go over there for the moment?]

Sieg-san informed us while looking at Alice’s guidebook, to which Lilia-san
suggested that we all head there. I was almost relieved that we could all go
there together, but things didn’t work out that way. When Fia-san and Rei-san
peered into the guidebook from behind Sieg-san, they looked as if they had
noticed something.

[Wait a moment, Sieg-chan. There’s a warning written here...]

[Let me see... “Only those who have collected at least 10 stamps can challenge
War King’s Five Generals. However, those with a black rank invitation can
unconditionally challenge them.” or so it said.]

[...]

They placed a restriction?! Moreover, they’ve thoroughly exempted me from that
rule?!

[...Hmmm. Well then, how about we just go around and collect some stamps?]

[...Milady. This is just a suggestion, but why don’t “Miyama-sama check out
Bacchus-sama’s place first”?]

[Luna?]

[Since War King-sama went to the trouble of designating Bacchus-sama first, I
think he must have some explanation or message to give him. It would be rude to
keep him waiting too long, so I think it would be better to have Miyama-sama go
ahead and just listen to what he has to say. He can also just check out first
and challenge him later.]

[I see... What do you think, Kaito-san?]

Lunamaria-san’s words certainly make sense. Since Megiddo-san specifically
mentioned going to Bacchus-san’s place first, there must be something there. I
think it would be best to go there first and wait for Lilia and the others to
come after collecting the necessary amount of stamps.

[...Yes, I’ll do that. Well then, I’ll be going first.]

[Master? I don’t have to participate in the attractions, so if you don’t mind,
would you like me to accompany you?]

[It’s alright. Since we’re at a festival, you should also have some fun, Anima.]

[...I understand. If Master says so.]

When I agreed to go alone, Anima worriedly asked me if she could go with me. I
was really happy to know that she was concerned for me, but I told her that I
wanted her to have a good time, and that it was okay if I went alone since it
isn’t like I would be suddenly eaten alive.

Parting ways with the others, I headed to Bacchus-san’s attraction where he was
waiting for me.

---

[Ohh, there you are, Miyama Kaito! Long time no see!]

[Long time no see, Bacchus-san. Are you fully healed already?]

[Umu, I’m fully recovered.]

Looking at the guidebook, I arrived at my destination, which looked like a large
arena of sorts. There were no seats for spectators though, so it seemed to be a
place only for fighting only. Bacchus-san was waiting for me in front of the
arena and greeted me with a hearty smile, but after exchanging greetings, he
puzzledly looked at me.

[Unnn? Even so... Did you come here alone?]

[Yes, everyone else has gone to collect the stamps needed for the challenge.]

[Nhnn, I should have known... I was going to explain it to you when you all got
here but... I see…]

[Yes. So, I thought I’d at least ask you about it first...]

[Ahh, alright. I’ll give you a brief explanation.]

When Bacchus-san heard what I said, he nodded his head once and took out a large
crystal ball.

[We are going to have a battle in this place, but of course, there is a handicap
depending on the challenger’s ability. This crystal is a tool that determines
that... How about you try it out? Touch it.]

[Yes.]

When Bacchus-san urged me to touch the crystal ball, some kind of glowing number
appeared in the air.

[This is a “Magic Tool that measures the strength of the person” that touches it
based on their magic power... Though I say that, it can’t exactly show one’s
talent, so it just gives us a rough idea.]

[Fumufumu.]

[Miyama Kaito’s strength is... fumu... 3 huh. Stronger than a slime, but weaker
than a goblin.]

I’m really weak! N-No, but this time, I was told that I’m stronger than a slime!
That’s progress, I’m telling you! ...Even if it’s a lie, I would have liked it
if it showed that I’m stronger than that.

[In this case, the handicap that I’d give you is that “I won’t attack, I won’t
use both of my hands, one of my legs, magic power, and my movements are
limited”. In that state, if you can touch me even slightly, you win.]

[...T-That’s a tremendous handicap.]

[Well, even in that state, I won’t lose so easily.]

Unnn, how should I say this... I’m just glad that there was that clause that he
won’t attack. Well, seriously, I’m just glad that he won’t attack. In all sorts
of meaning.

[Incidentally, the time limit is 20 minutes, and you can only try once... That
means if you lose, you’ll never reach Megiddo-sama.]

[...Hmmm. Why is Megiddo-san even doing this...]

[Hmmm, it seems to me like Megiddo-sama has something “he really wants to teach
you”.]

[Something... he wants to teach me?]

[Umu, I don’t know about it but... I hope you can live up to Megiddo-sama’s
expectations.]

[...I-I will do my best.]

[Hahaha, that doesn’t mean I will be cutting corners though.]

I still don’t know what Megiddo-san’s true intentions are when he told me that I
should definitely challenge him, but just as Bacchus-san told me, I want to live
up to Megiddo-san’s expectations if I can. Well, if I wasn’t able to meet his
expectations... At that time, I will just apologize.

[Oh, I forgot to mention that you can also have a “proxy” participate in the
challenge.]

[Eh? Is that so?]

[Umu. However, the person who can act as your substitute is limited to “the
companions you invited”. In that case, we will measure their strength again with
this magic tool and will battle with the corresponding handicap.]

[...I see. I understand.]

[Hahaha. Well, it doesn’t matter who your proxy is, I won’t let you win so
easily. I’m one of War King-sama’s Five Generals. I can’t just let you see me in
the same unsightly state as back then.]

Proxy huh... Even if it’s limited to my companions, I could have Anima as my
proxy, so I think the odds of winning are pretty good...

[I guess that’s all for explanation... Miyama Kaito, are you going to give it a
go now?]

[Ah, no, ummm, I’d like to have someone as my proxy, so I’ll wait for the
others...]

[I understand. It’s only natural for Mother to help her child.]

[...Huh?]

Just as I said that I will wait for the others before challenging him...
Someone’s silhouette appeared before me. Pure white wings on her back, beautiful
blond hair... and this overwhelming pressure...

[E-Eden... -san?]

[Houu, you’re Miyama Kaito’s proxy huh? You have a lot of magic power, that
should mean you’re very powerful! Here, touch this magic tool...]

[I don’t think such a thing holds any meaning, but suit yourself.]

[Wha?!]

Eden-san, who appeared as if it was a matter of course, nodded and touched the
crystal that was held out to her... and it shattered to pieces.

[...Houu, for your magic power to be immeasurable. Fufufu, this gets my blood
boiling... You would be a worthy opponent!]

No, no, Bacchus-san?! You can’t fight her! Seriously, you can’t fight her!!!

[B-Bacchus-san! You can’t fight her! Run away!!!]

Seeing Bacchus-san looking really motivated with a great axe in hand, I
recovered from my confusion and reflexively shouted. Run away! Seriously, run
away! After all, Eden-san completely intends to kill you!!!

[Fufufu, what are you talking about, Miyama Kaito? I am Ironblooded Bacchus, One
of War King’s Five Generals! No matter how strong the opponent is, Such a
shameful act of turning my back against opponents and running away isn’t
something I will do!!!]

[...Turning a deaf ear to my child’s advice, this is an irredeemable disrespect.
Very well, I shall teach this fool a lesson in reality.]

The sight of Bacchus-san holding his great axe without any hint of hesitation
made me think of a warrior who had fought in many battles. However, this isn’t
the time to care about that. No, no, this isn’t the time to act cool!
Bacchus-san, run away immediatelyyyyyy!!!

[Listen here, Eden-san. Be gentle, okay? Gentle. Be as gentle as you would pluck
a flower...]

[I understand. If that’s what my child wishes.]

...Does she really understand what I’m saying? I’m really worried about that.
However, Bacchus-san is so motivated that he won’t listen to me even if I
stopped him... I just hope that Eden-san will take it easy on him...

In front of me, half-resignedly offering my prayer for his sake, Bacchus-san
took a strong step forward. The impact cracked the ground, and Bacchus-san’s
magic power raged like a storm.

[Shall we begin, powerful being whose name I don’t know of! One of War King’s
Five Generals, Ironblood Bacchus! Ready for—]

With his vigorous speech, Bacchus-san powerfully kicked off the ground, and his
figure immediately disappeared... and before I knew it, “his upper body was
stuck like a dart in the wall behind him”...

[Ba... Bacchus-saaaaaaannnn?!]

Before I could even perceive it, he was already defeated?! Even though I already
told him... that Eden-san isn’t someone he should fight. She seriously isn’t
someone he should fight... Moreover, this is already her holding herself back...
She’s seriously the incarnation of a cheat.

I don’t know if he’s already unconscious or not, but as Bacchus-san was stuck
against the wall, a helplessly awkward silence fell around the arena.

---

...It was an unpleasant incident.

After that, I asked Eden-san to heal Bacchus-san’s wound. Well, it seems that
Eden-san took it easy on him, so the damage he received wasn’t that serious...
After he regained consciousness, I received a stamp from Bacchus-san and went
outside the arena to wait for Lilia-san and the others.

[...E-Eden-san. Thank you, and I’m sorry. Eden-san is too strong, so I won’t be
asking you to be my proxy for the next battles...]

[...I see, my child wants to do his best on his own. Seeing my child’s growth
makes Mother very happy. However, I’m worried. It would be a disaster if my
child’s body is harmed by the trash of this world. Yes, my child’s body is the
treasure of the world... Mother can’t help but be worried. However, yes, it’s
also a mother’s duty to watch over her child’s growth. I’m very worried, but for
the sake of my child, I’ll be patient. Ahh, but still, if things continue as
they are now... That’s right. Let’s increase my child’s physical abilities by a
“thousandfold”. Let’s also increase your magic power, so that you can wipe out
the trash of this world. Yes, that’s a good idea! My child is the supreme being,
and no worthless trash should ever surpass my child in any aspect. Yes, that’s
right! Frustrating it may be, I’m forbidden from cleaning up the trash of this
world because of a promise I made to the God of this world. However, if it’s
making my child stronger, there should be no problem. Yes, let’s do that. With
my help, my child will rise to greater heights... Ahh, how wonderful. That’s
right, I should also...]

[Stop! Eden-san, stoooooooopppp!!!]

She really is scary! Why the heck are you casually speaking about turning me
into a superhuman?!

[I-I’m fine the way I am now! Modifying my body like that is...]

[Ahh, you’re right. My beloved child is already supreme at this point, aren’t
you? My apologies. Mother is being foolish. Yes, it is as you say! My child is a
sacred being that can’t be tainted by anyone. Even if I’m your mother, it is
unforgivable of me to change my child’s body without permission. Thinking about
it, there was no way I could have improved my child, when he was already the
“ultimate miracle”... I just can’t do that. Yes, that’s right! My beloved child
is most superb and wonderful in his natural state. Ahh, but don’t worry. Even if
my child doesn’t possess the strength to fight, Mother will always be here to
protect you. Ye, that’s right, Mother will protect my child better than anyone
else...]

[I’m begging you here! Can you just step on the brakes for a second?!]

I hurriedly called out to Eden-san, whose eyes started to take the shape of
murky hearts. I really feel like something terrifying will happen if I don’t
stop her while she’s like this.

[A-Anyway, I’m already fine now so... Eden-san, you can go back to
sightseeing...]

[I understand. I’ll do that. Where are you headed next, my child?]

[Errr, my next stop is... the nearby arena.]

I’ve already learned my lesson. If I said here that I would wait for Lilia-san
and the others before moving on, she would definitely say something like “Making
my child wait, how disrespectful.” or something like that. So, let’s just tell
her where I’m going next and let her go sightseeing as soon as possible. I said
that, thinking that it was a great Eden-san countermeasure but... it seems like
that was quite naive of me.

[I see. Well then, “Mother will send you off”.]

[...Huh?]

[Now, I bid you well. Do your best over there. Mother is looking forward to your
success.]

[Eh? Wait?! Wha—]

As Eden-san gave me her most beautiful smile, my body was enveloped in light and
the scenery instantly changed.

...I see, so that’s what she’s going to do... She teleported me huh... What
should I do? I won’t be able to meet up with Lilia-san and the others like this.
As I’m unceremoniously teleported to a position quite far from where I was
before, I thought for a moment. I don’t think it’s a good idea to move without a
thought. I’ll just explain the situation here with a hummingbird and meet up
with Lilia-san and the others over there. After gathering my thoughts, I quickly
sent a hummingbird to Lilia-san. Now then, all I have to do is wait... I will
never know what will happen when I enter the arena, so let’s just wait in this
place.

[Ohh, you’ve arrived huh! I’ve been waiting for you!!!]

[...]

Why the heck are all things going against my expectations today? Why is there a
3-meter tall gorilla with a horn approaching me... No, what I’m saying isn’t a
metaphor, the person approaching is seriously a gorilla. It has black hair, big
arms, and even the way it walks is just like a gorilla. The only difference it
had with a regular gorilla is the one big horn on its head.

N-No, wait, calm down... It would be rude to think of someone as a gorilla just
because they look exactly like one. It’s just that they resemble a gorilla...

[I’m one of War King’s Five Generals. The Gallant “Kong”! I’m glad you’re here,
youngster from another world!!!]

Even your name screams gorilla?!

[...Ah, errr, I’m Miyama Kaito. Nice to meet you.]

[Ohh! The fact that you’re here means that you’ve already defeated Bacchus. Even
though you have such a seedy body that’s as thin as a branch, you’re really
great, aren’t you?!]

[Ah, no, the one who defeated Bacchus is...]

[The next one you’re challenging is me huh! Alright, let’s get started! Just so
you know, I’m not as naive as Bacchus!!!]

[N-No, I’m still waiting for someone...]

[Now, follow me! This way!!!]

The gorilla... or rather, Kong-san carried me on his shoulders. and I was
forcibly taken to the arena. This gorilla isn’t listening to me at all! I can’t
even establish a proper conversation with him, you know?!

When we entered the arena, Kong-san set me down, beat his chest with both of his
hands and spoke... That’s definitely drumming... There’s no mistaking it, this
guy’s a gorilla.

[Alright! Let’s get started! Don’t worry, I know you’re weak, so I’ll give you a
handicap! If you want to send a proxy, that’s fine too!!! Come on, get yourself
ready!!!]

[...]

No, that’s why I’ve been waiting for the proxy who might be able to represent
me... You’re the one who forced me into this situation, you know...

H-However, what should I do? I can’t just call Eden-san now. She may be really
kind to me, but she’s really unforgiving to the inhabitants of this world. I
mean, she’s even calling them trash. She may have taken it easy against
Bacchus-san, but I don’t know if she’ll do it again. So, I would like to ask for
another proxy but... w-what should I do? S-Someone, can anyone help me out
here?!

[...Rude and uncivilized. This is why I hate War King’s subordinates. Did you
really think that a gorilla with no intelligence or dignity can talk rudely to
Miyama-sama?]

[...P-Pandora-san?]

Just as with Eden-san earlier, Pandora-san suddenly appeared in front of me. Why
the heck is this happening, one after another...

[Miyama-sama, please leave it to me. As Miyama-sama’s “proxy”, I will make sure
that this rude person will be dealt with.]

[Eh? N-No, but Pandora-san is...]

[Don’t worry. Thanks to Shalltear-sama’s consideration, I also have the badge
that shows I’m “Miyama-sama’s companion”.]

...Ooooiii, Alice? Why the heck are you increasing my companions without my
knowledge? Also, it’s just a hunch, but I think Pandora-san is a very dangerous
person, you know?

[Ahh, don’t worry. I will not simply make those who have been rude to
Miyama-sama faint. I will “make them regret being born”, and then, educate them
so that they will never speak rudely to Miyama-sama again.]

[...]

[I’ll make sure he’ll scream so hard that he won’t have the strength to scream
anymore.]

...Just after Eden-san, why did such a dangerous person appear... Even though
I’m not Lilia-san, I think my stomach is starting to hurt. Just when I thought
I’d managed to persuade the dangerous Eden-san, someone else came to help me,
but she was on a different vector of dangerousness compared to Eden-san...
Seriously, what the heck is going on today? Could it be that today—It’s that
so-called unlucky day?

---

...It was another unpleasant incident.

[Pandora-san! Stop it already! This isn’t something I can show on TV anymore!]

[...I raised that girl.]

[Don’t look so smug over there! For goodness’ sake, make Pandora-san stop!]

[...Yeeeees. Pandora, leave it at that. Don’t make Kaito-san see gore.]

[Hahh! By your will.]

After hearing Alice’s words, Pandora-san finally stops moving, and in front of
her is the slumped Kong-san, bound by a large number of chains that have
appeared from the void. Pandora-san’s scary. Seriously scary... I mean, she was
so lively while torturing Kong-san... She might even be scarier than Eden-san.

Anyway, Alice’s command stops Pandora-san, and soon, Kong-san recovers with
Alice’s magic. I was worried about his mental health after being tortured like
that, but he seemed to be fine as he cheerfully said “I won’t lose next time”.
After receiving the second stamp from Kong-san, I felt like my stomach was
aching as I walked out of the arena.

[...P-Pandora-san. Thank you for your help.]

[No, it’s no problem. My apologies, but I have to return back to work. If you
need me to act as your proxy again, please call me anytime.]

...No thanks. Seriously. No thanks. My stomach can’t bear it anymore.

After parting with Pandora-san, I headed to a stall a short distance from the
arena. I know that it was a bad idea to move around while waiting for Lilia-san
and the others, but right now, I needed something to soothe me. After all, for
the second time in a row, a very dangerous person came to help me... I’m
starting to get worried that another dangerous person would appear next time
too. Please, can someone decent... come next time...

[Master!]

[...Ehh?]

Hearing a familiar voice, I turned around to see Anima running toward me from a
short distance away. Wearing a black jacket with a starry sky pattern on it and
pants of the same color, clothing that I prepared for her for the Six Kings
Festival, Anima ran up to me with a gentle smile.

[I’m sorry I’m late. I’m glad that I could meet u—ßFueehh?!]

[Anima!]

[M-Ma-Master?! W-W-W-What are you...]

I wasn’t particularly conscious of it, but when I saw Anima’s face, I
reflexively hugged her. I could clearly see the blush on Anima’s face, but she
doesn’t resist and fits into my arms, which looks very cute and soothed my
depressed heart. A battle maniac who won’t listen to me when I tell him to run
away, and the God of Earth who is trying to make him vanish from the world. A
gorilla who I can’t converse with, and the Phantasmal King’s subordinate who
fights so cruelly that it would even make the devil turn pale...

And then, there comes Anima, refreshing my weary heart...

[...Errr, Anima. Ummm, sorry. I got a little carried away...]

I don’t know if she lost herself because I hugged her or not, but I apologized
to Anima, who was as red as a boiled octopus while looking at me with her mouth
opening and closing.

[N-No! Master is tired after all, so it can’t be helped. Y-You don’t have to
mind about me.]

When Anima heard my words, she immediately shook her head, but her face was
still red.

[...E-Errr... Speaking of which, aren’t Lilia-san and the others with you?]

[...No, I came here by myself.]

[Is that so?]

[Yes. Lilia-dono and the others are still in the process of collecting ten
stamps.]

Fumu, it seems like Lilia-san and the others haven’t finished gathering enough
stamps yet.

[I thought that we should head over as soon as I saw Master’s hummingbird but...
Lilia-dono and the others looked like they wanted to take on the War King’s Five
Generals, so I suggested that I head out on my own first.]

[Fumu... wait, arehh? Is Anima fine with that though?]

[Yes. I’m not interested in fighting against them. I thought I would need ten
stamps to help Master, but after seeing Master’s hummingbird, I decided that I
didn’t need the stamps if I act as Master’s proxy, so I came here.]

What the... So, there are also angels walking on land huh... I’m really glad
that Anima is thinking well of me.

[I see, thanks.]

[N-No, as Master retainer, this is something natural! Ahh, Eta and Theta were
about to head this way too but... They are Bacchus-sama’s former subordinates. I
thought they might have something to talk about with him, so I ordered them to
stay behind at my own discretion...]

[Unnn. I’m fine with that too.]

How should I say this... Well, it’s kind of charming that she seems to be
completely comfortable with her position as my retainer. As I reached out my
hand and stroked Anima’s fluffy hair, she narrowed her eyes in comfort. Stroking
Anima’s head for a little while, when I took back my hand, she nodded once
before speaking again.

[...So, what do we do now? It will take some time before Lilia-dono and the
others arrive. Shall we challenge the second arena first?]

[Ah, no, I’ve actually already cleared that.]

[R-Really?! T-To have defeated two Count-level Demons in such a short time... As
expected of Master!]

[N-No, it’s not like I was the one who fought them...]

I couldn’t stand Anima’s respectful gaze toward me, but when I thought of the
actual tragedy that occurred, being looked at with that gaze makes me unable to
sit still. After that, I recounted the events up to this point before going back
to the topic of what we will do now.

[...Hmmm. I don’t really want to rush Lilia-san and the others, so now that
Anima is here anyway, why don’t we head to the next arena first?]

[Yes! It’s alright! As Master’s proxy, I will definitely seize victory!]

[U-Unnn. I’ll be counting on you. Well, since we’re here anyway, why don’t we
look at some of the stalls along the way.]

Soothed once again by how adorable Anima’s salute is, I checked the guidebook
for the location of the next arena and moved on. I’ve also sent a hummingbird to
Lilia-san and the others that I was going to the next arena with Anima, so there
should be no problem there either. Or rather, I frankly just want to see the
stalls. Since it’s a festival, let’s just take it easy on the way to the next
arena, since I’ve only been seeing violent scenes today.

[...Speaking of which, Anima. When you said that Lilia-san and the others were
still collecting stamps, I guess they were going to fight against someone huh?]

[No, there were different kinds of things they could do... but it seems like
most of them were sports. I don’t know much about them, but there’s that ball
game called “squash”, then there’s that “bowling” game.]

[...The heck is that, that sounds fun...]

That’s weird, isn’t it? What I experienced just now was certainly a refreshing
change of pace, but you know, I would have preferred playing those games, you
know?! N-No, there’s no need to panic just yet. The Six Kings Festival has only
begun... We could also just go around now.

[Anima.]

[Hahh!]

[From here to the next arena... Let’s go on a date.]

[Hahh! ...Hwoehh?]

[Alright, let’s go!]

[M-M-M-Master! W-What are you saying? G-Going on a date... Awawa, w-wait a
moment!]

It’s quite a distance to the next arena, so let’s play at the booths and
facilities where we can get stamps in the meantime. It would be a shame to just
walk straight to the arena with such a cute Anima by my side. Probably because
of the backlash from what I have felt until now, but I was feeling a bit excited
as I walked towards the stalls, pulling the flustered Anima’s hand.

Tension heavily dominates the place. Wiping away the sweat on my shoulder with
my arm, I turned my gaze back to the being I’m facing. It was a close battle,
and one could say that I was being pushed into a corner. However, I’m not the
only one cornered in this fight... One more strike... If my one single strike
connects, it will be my win.

However, I don’t have much time left. If I miss here, it will be my loss... It’s
indeed a paper-thin battle.

[...Master... Do your best.]

Wishing for my victory behind me, Anima cheered me on. As if she could feel the
same tension I’m feeling now, I could feel her voice tremble. However, the words
I received did indeed bring courage to my heart, and surrendering my body to the
heat of the moment, I prepared my stance. Feeling as if time was accelerating, I
felt as if the scenery around me seemed unusually clear, and with a step
forward, I unleashed my final strike.

[Eat thhiiiiiisssss!]

As if responding to my thoughts, the white trajectory that was released from my
hand sharply burst forth and successfully caught its target.

...Well, even with all the bullshit I said, I’m actually just playing target
practice...

[Congratulations! You have scored five points and will receive a stamp.]

[You did it, Master! Amazing!]

As the attendant told me I’ve met the requirements with a smile, she placed a
stamp on my stamp card. As I returned to her side with a smile, Anima looked so
happy as if it were her who had won. This was one of the attractions that Anima
and I stopped by on our way to the third arena. You throw a ball at a target
with nine boards, and if you score five or more points, you get a stamp. Well,
to put it bluntly, it’s just like those target practice games using a baseball
back in my world.

Incidentally, Anima has also tried it out, but she wasn’t able to clear it.
Anima can throw a very powerful fastball, but her control isn’t so good. The
speed of my ball throws may not be that great, but my control is pretty good, so
I somehow managed to clear it.

Well, after such a violent start to the day, playing something normal like this
feels fun. It seems like Megiddo-san’s words that he had prepared a variety of
attractions were true, as I have seen quizzes and card games before we joined
this booth. It would have been great if the battle against the War King’s Five
Generals were something like this... I seriously don’t know what Megiddo-san’s
planning.

With these thoughts in mind, I left the booth and walked down the street with
Anima. As we leisurely made our way to the next arena, moving our gaze around
the considerable number of stalls, Anima suddenly turned her attention to one
stall.

[...Unnn? Salt-grilled fish huh... Should we have some?]

[Ah, n-no?! I’m alright! I-It just happened to be in my line of sight...]

[I see. But seeing it now, I’m tempted to try it out, so let’s eat together.]

[Uuuuu... Yes.]

Anima eats meat too, but she prefers fish... She may think that she’s hiding it,
but it’s easy to tell because her eyes sparkle when she looks at fish dishes.
Well, with Anima’s personality, she’s probably thinking that she can’t stop me
just because of her own desire... It’s better to invite her a little forcefully
like this. I bought two pieces of salt-grilled fish and gave one to Anima. As
usual, Anima insisted on paying for the fish herself, but I used my position as
her master to make her shut up. When I tasted the salt-grilled fish, I found the
texture of the crispy skin and the soft white meat. And this right amount of
saltiness... Unnn, this is tasty.

[How is it, Anima?]

[I-It’s delicious!]

[I see, want some more?]

[N-No! I’m already fu—]

[Excuse me, can I have another one?]

[Master?!]

Anima finished one quickly and told me how delicious it was with a cute
expression on her face, but it was obvious that she hadn’t eaten enough yet, So,
I ignored Anima’s objection, bought more, and handed it to her.

[...T-Thank you.]

She tends to be reserved, so a hint of forcefulness like this is just right. I
think I’m getting to know Anima better now. As a side note, the long coat-like
outfit that Anima is wearing now... it actually has a similar design to my
clothes. However, my clothes are embroidered with golden threads in many places,
while Anima’s clothes are not. Also, the design of Anima’s clothes looked a
little more modest. I guess this must be playfulness on Alice’s part, as she
deliberately made Anima’s clothes more modest than mine, as if she’s using our
position of master and retainer as the motif.

Receiving her clothes, Anima was greatly praising it. She seems to be proud to
be my retainer, and she’s really happy to be dressed in a way that makes her
instantly recognizable as my retainer. Well, that “pride” can be a bit of a
problem for me too...

As expected, I’m not that much of an idiot. I’m aware that Anima has feelings
for me that go beyond that of a servant to her master... To be honest though,
I’m happy she feels that way about me. It’s just that, unnn... Anima, on the
other hand, is completely oblivious about her own feelings. Rather, she thinks
that her feelings are simply affection for her Master whom she respects. Should
I say that she’s too loyal to realize that she holds feelings beyond loyalty?
This is very difficult. Even now, when I’ve gone out of my way to declare that
we’re on a date, she’s too serious and tries to keep her position of being my
retainer at every moment.

[...Hmmm. Should I be a bit more forceful?]

[Did you say something?]

[Unnn? Well, errr... I’m actually just admiring how cute Anima is.]

[Fueehhh?!]

[Now then, I guess it’s about time we head to the arena.]

[Eh? M-Master?! P-Please wait a moment...]

No, well, I guess I don’t have to be in that much of a hurry... I was bewildered
when she first came, but I think Anima has already become... someone I can’t
imagine without by my side. Unless she gets tired of being by my side, we’re
going to be together hereafter... Moreover, Anima is a former black bear. Her
age as a human is much younger than mine. Or rather, she isn’t even a year old.

I guess we should take our time and make progress one step at a time huh? With
that thought in mind, I smiled at the confused Anima as we walked side by side,
down the road to the arena.

Dear Mom, Dad—To be honest, after I’ve lost you two... I thought that I would
never be able to feel the warmth of a family again. However, unnn... I really
don’t understand this whole master-retainer thing, nor do I know if this feeling
is really the same as my love for my family. However, unnn. I wonder why though?
Thinking about Anima as my family, how should I say this—It strangely fits just
right.

---

Arriving at the third arena, It looked more like a dojo rather than a colosseum.

It seems like it takes quite a while to gather ten stamps for the challenge, and
there were still no other challengers in sight yet.

Walking into the quiet arena with Anima, I looked at the person sitting on a
seiza in the middle of the area.

She was sitting down, so I couldn’t see her clearly, but she looked to be about
two meters tall. It was a blue-haired woman wearing clothes similar to a kimono.

[...I’m glad you’ve come, Miyama-dono.]

Quietly speaking in a voice that held a hint of coldness, it felt like she was
the exact opposite of King from the previous arena.

The woman slowly stood up and turned to me and Anima.

[My name is Epsilon... I am known as Epsilon of the “Absolute Ice”. Pleasure to
make your acquaintance.]

[Ah, I’m Miyama Kaito. This is my proxy, Anima.]

[Fumu, I understand. I’m not one for small talk. Let’s just go straight to the
main point. Anima-dono, touch this.]

Saying that, Epsilon-san took out the same crystal ball that I had seen at
Bacchus-san’s arena.

Stepping in front of me, Anima touched the crystal ball.

[...Fumu, you have a power level of “800,000” huh... That’s quite something. I’d
say you’re around Viscount-level huh.]

A-Anima’s strong! Errr, compared to the me whose power level is “3”... Anima is
200,000 times stronger... Well, there are also those unreasonably strong people
in the world that can break that crystal ball...

[Well then, let’s establish the rules. If you can hit me with even a single
strike, you win. As a handicap, I will not use one of my arms and legs, not will
I make use of magic in my attacks. I will be warning you though, that I will
still make use of magic to defend myself. Also, my movements will be restricted
but... Since I have no intention of moving from this spot, that rule doesn’t
really matter.]

[...]

Anima quietly listened to what Epsilon-san was saying. It seems that she will
have a considerable handicap, but she doesn’t seem to have any complaints about
it.

After Anima finished listening to Epsilon-san’s explanation, she came to me once
and muttered.

[...I’m not a fool. Let alone the small forest I used to live in, I understand
that there are a lot of people who are stronger than me in this world. She’s
also far more superior to me... I really hate myself for being so weak.]

[You don’t have to be so down on yourself. You’re one of the paltry few who have
reached such strength in the world.]

In many ways, she is the opposite of Kong-san. Not making fun of Anima for being
weaker than her, Epsilon-san took out a naginata from out of nowhere and held it
in one hand.

[Master, I will be off. I’ll definitely bring you victory...]

[Anima, do your best... However, don’t push yourself too much, okay...?]

[Hahh!]

Filled with determination, Anima faced Epsilon-san with both of her hands held
up. Then, after making sure that I had moved out of the way... The battle has
begun.

![Insert 1](../../_Images/v13/Insert1.png#.insert)

To be honest, I may have underestimated the War King’s Five Generals in a corner
of my mind. The two battles so far have ended in overwhelming victories because
one of them fought Pandora-san, the strongest of the Count ranks, and Eden-san,
one of the strongest beings in the world. I thought I had clearly understood how
strong the Generals are... but seeing the sight in front of me astonished me.

[...Guhh... Hahhh... Hahhh...]

Epsilon-san, who hadn’t moved an inch from her starting point, stood in front of
the heavily breathing Anima, who was down on one knee. The difference in ability
between them is so obvious that I can see it with my own eyes... And she was
being overwhelmed. No matter how many attacks Anima made, Epsilon was able to
handle them all with the naginata she’s holding in just one hand. She had said
she could use magic to defend herself, but Epsilon-san had never used any magic
so far. Perhaps, the difference in skill and magic power between them is just
too great, as every time Anima lunges at her, she is flung away and tumbled on
the ground. Viscount and Count... There seems to be just one level difference
between them, but it seems like there’s so much difference between their
strengths...

Epsilon-san did not attack Anima. Even so, it can be said that Anima was already
in tatters.

She was flung away and sent crashing to the ground... This was repeated over and
over again, and blood is already flowing down her mouth.

[Anima! Stop it already...]

[I-I’m alright! I can still...]

Honestly, rather than winning or losing, I just couldn’t stand to see Anima get
hurt anymore, so I tried to tell her to stop and that it was fine to lose, but
her strong voice interrupted me.

While Anima told me such, Epsilon-san spoke to her with an expression as cold as
ice.

[...Going any further is futile. I am already fully aware of your abilities. You
are too young, too inexperienced... In which case, your blade won’t reach me at
all.]

[Guhh...]

[I’ve been holding back all this time. Even so, damage would still accumulate in
your body, wouldn’t it? In fact, it may already be difficult for you to stand
now...]

[...]

At Epsilon-san’s words, Anima hung her head in frustration. Perhaps
acknowledging her movement as acceptance of defeat, Epsilon-san quietly lowered
her naginata. But immediately after, a quiet, yet strong-willed voice was heard.

[...All my days have just been spent stealing, killing and eating...]

[...]

Epsilon-san, who was about to turn her back away from her, stopped moving at her
words and turned her gaze to Anima.

[...One day, I fought “a lone human”. Compared to myself, his body was extremely
fragile. He had no claws nor fangs, and yet, he challenged me with his weak and
fragile body alone.]

[...Anima.]

I don’t even have to think about who those words are referring to. She was
talking about the time I encountered Anima and fought.

[Protecting someone on his back, there was a strong light in the eyes of this
human, even though he was challenging someone much more powerful than him...
Seeing those eyes, I thought that they were strong. That I couldn’t defeat
them... And those eyes... is something I yearn... from the bottom of my heart!]

[...]

[I am weak. Even when I serve the person I admire, all that stands out is my
weakness. There are many people stronger than me, and many more people smarter
than me. And yet! Master told me that I was needed!]

With those words, Anima put all of her strength on her body to stand up and
raised her arms at ready again.

[To serve Master, to pave the way for Master’s path... That’s something I’m
proud of! That’s why, there’s no way I will ever give up!!!]

[...Houu.]

[I hate to say it, but I’m not that smart of a fighter... but if I can’t reach
you now! I will just keep trying until I do!]

With an unyielding will, Anima took a step forward. Looking at her, Epsilon-san
exclaimed in admiration... but she didn’t raise her stance. A few moments later,
Epsilon-san made the naginata in her hand disappear.

[How splendid... You win. I’ll give you a stamp.]

[...Huh?]

The words Epsilon-san suddenly said seemed to have caught Anima off guard. I
guess that should be obvious. The atmosphere they had just now feels like this
is just where the battle begins... What the heck is going on?

[W-What are you talking about?! I can still...]

[...The next attack of yours will reach me. That is something I’m sure of.]

[Wha?!]

[There’s no doubt that your next attack will hit me. But it will be an “attack
at the risk of your life”... I don’t think Miyama-dono would want you to be
seriously injured. I am not confident that I can handle that blow without
hurting you. This is just simply... because I’m not capable enough.]

A-Anyway, does that mean the battle is over? In that case...

[Anima!]

I immediately ran over to the stunned Anima and took out as much of Fruits of
the World Tree as I could from my magic box.

[Anima, we need to treat your injuries!]

[Eh? M-Master?! I-I’m just slightly injured...]

[Just eat it!!!]

[Y-Yes?!]

Overwhelmed by my menacing look, Anima hurriedly ate one of the Fruits of the
World Tree. seeing that the small wounds here and there were healing, I breathed
out a sigh of relief. Then, as I was checking Anima again and again to see if
she still had any other injuries, a faint smile appeared on Epsilon-san’s lips.

It seems like your master cares about you very much... What a lucky woman you
are.]

[...Uuuuu, aauuu...]

[Now then, Miyama-dono. Your stamp card.]

[Ah, yes.]

With Epsilon-san prompting, I took out my card and a stamp was placed on it.
When it was done, Epsilon-san turned to Anima, who was looking down with her
face blushing red, and quietly spoke.

[...If you aren’t satisfied with the outcome of this battle, “let’s have a
rematch in a thousand years”. You are young and full of talent. A thousand years
from now, I think we should be able to fight each other evenly without me having
to give you any handicap.]

[...I understand. Epsilon-san, I will challenge you again in a thousand years.]

[...I will be looking forward to it, future warrior.]

Saying that, Epsilon-san bowed to me once and then went back to the center of
the arena, where she sat on a seiza and closed her eyes, just as how she had
been when we first entered this place. How should I say this... She’s a cool
one. Unnn, totally different from Kong-san.

While Anima was fighting though, I thought about how I’ve always been helped
with all these battles. Eden-san, Pandora-san, Anima... Leaving everything to
proxies, and then facing Megiddo-san like that... Would something like that
really be alright? Even though her body was in tatters, Anima still did her
best. Then, I should also do the same... Even if it’s at least once—I think I
should also fight.

---

I currently have three stamps... and in front of us is the fourth arena. After
getting a stamp from Epsilon-san, we had a quick bite at one of the stalls along
the way, and arrived at the arena, which seemed a little smaller than the
previous three. However, it was quiet around here. It was so quiet that I almost
forgot that we were in the middle of a festival... I mean, it was also the case
for the previous three arenas, but aren’t there any other challengers beside me?
Are they simply too lazy to collect enough stamps, or do they think it’s silly
to challenge the War King’s Five Generals...?

With those questions in mind, I walked into the arena... and found another
strange person in there.

[...Hmm? Ahh, Miyama-kun, welcome. I’ve been waiting for you]

[Ah, Ozma-san.]

The one who was waiting for me in this arena was Ozma-san, whom I had met in
Rigforeshia before, and with whom I have been in contact since. Thinking about
it again, it should only be natural that Ozma-san is there because he’s one of
the War King’s Five Generals, and since I’ve gone through three of the War
King’s Five Generals so far, the only ones left should only be Ozma-san and
Agni-san.

With a gentle smile on his lips, Ozma-san approached me and spoke.

[Can I take a look at your stamp card for a moment?]

[Ah, yes.]

[Ohh, you’ve already passed through three of the War King’s Five Generals.
Especially Epsilon-chan, even though she’s so strong, only somewhat weaker than
Agni-chan, you did amazing. You seem to be doing well... but you don’t look
happy. Do you have something in mind?]

As expected of Ozma-san, he must have sensed that I have a lot of things in my
mind. Faced with this question, I softly asked.

[...I’ve actually been able to leave everything up to this point to my proxies,
but I thought I myself should at least try to fight...]

[M-Master, but that’s just...]

When Anima heard my words, she was about to say something, but stopped
mid-sentence. She was probably about to reflexively stop me, but guessing my
feelings, she probably hesitated to speak. Hearing my words, Ozma-san nodded
once and held a cigarette in his mouth. After lighting it and taking a light
puff, he calmly spoke.

[...I see. I’d like to say that there are things people just aren’t good at, and
you don’t have to try them yourself, but I wonder if Miyama-kun feels guilty
about standing before Master when you were carried by people around you?]

[...Yes.]

[I think that’s all good. It’s alright for a young child to be a little forward.
Above all, I think Master will be more pleased if you stand before him when you
yourself are convinced of what you achieved. Anima-chan must be worried about
Miyama-kun, but I think you should respect his feelings and support him here.]

While affirming my thoughts, he also sent advice to Anima, who had a worried
look on his face. As I thought, I think Ozma-san is a dependable adult, and I
also feel that it’s easier for me to take on a challenge if I’m against someone
I know. Although she still looked worried, Anima listened to Ozma-san’s words
and nodded.

[...Well then, let’s go over the rules. Uncle couldn’t attack Miyama-kun, nor am
I allowed to use magic. I’m also prohibited from using one arm and one leg...
Then, there’s also movement restrictions. Let’s see... How about me being unable
to get out of this circle?]

Saying that, Ozma-san draws a small circle with a radius of about two meters on
the ground and asks me if I’m fine with it.

[...It’s fine with me.]

[Then, my movement speed... I won’t move at a speed Miyama-kun can’t react to.
Well, that’s about it.]

Ozma-san then showed me that he was moving as I was while he leisurely walked on
one foot. It seemed pretty slow, but I guess he looked confident enough to
handle me huh? I nodded and told him that the conditions were too favorable for
me to have any problem with it.

[Miyama-kun’s only victory condition is to touch Uncle with even a finger... The
time limit, hmmm. How about I give you half an hour?]

[Yes!]

[That’s a good response. Well then, let’s do some warm-up exercises so we don’t
get hurt before we begin.]

Nodding at the words Ozma-san said with a gentle smile, I did some light warm-up
exercises. I’m clear about this myself. Even with such a massive handicap, this
isn’t going to be easy. However, there’s no doubt that I have the advantage, so
let’s just give it our all.

---

[Fumu, Kaito-san’s opponent is the “Peaceful Sky”, Ozma-san huh...]

[Is he strong?]

[Hmmm. If he fights seriously, “he is even stronger than Agni-san”, the Head of
the War King’s Five Generals... but he’s the type of guy who goes easy on his
opponents according to their strength. I think Kaito-san has a good chance of
winning.]

[...Fumu.]

There were two shadows high above the arena, overlooking the people below and
they were quietly conversing with each other. At the end of their gaze was Kaito
challenging Ozma.

[...Well, as for Ozma-san, it would depend on how much Kaito-san does his
best... The problem would be after that. Agni-san doesn’t have the kind of
personality to go easy on someone, so the only person who can win against her
would be Kaito-san’s proxy... I guess someone like that God. Well\~\~ I wonder
what Kaito-san will do about that?]

[Freaking shameless, this is the reason why I’m here, right?]

[...Are you okay with the blank in years you haven’t fought?]

[I suppose. I guess I’ll just have to adjust in a real fight huh...]

[If you’re not confident, we can always stop, you know?]

[...Leave the bullshittery to when you’re sleeping.]

[Fufufu, then, I’ll be leaving him in your care... Partner.]

Relaxedly exchanging words, as if they had known each other for a long time, the
two shadows disappeared from the area.

---

With a large amount of handicap in my favor... Ozma-san at least wouldn’t move
at a speed I couldn’t see and his range of action is only within a circle of
four meters in diameter. So, to be honest, somewhere in the back of my mind, I
was thinking that “I can do reasonably well on this”. However, after 15 minutes,
half of the time limit, had passed, I realized how naive my thoughts were.

[...Hahhh... T-This is tough...]

[Hmmm. You sure can move a lot, Miyama-kun\~\~ Are you exercising regularly?]

As I heavily breathed out, Ozma-san stood in front of me with an aloof smile on
his face. I-I can’t reach him... I can’t reach him at all. I mean, it doesn’t
feel like I would be able to reach him. Ozma-san’s movements were slow and
relaxed, but they were exquisite and as slippery as a specter. Just as Ozma-san
declared though, he was indeed only moving at a speed I could react to. However,
his movements were exquisite... Even if I could react, my body wasn’t able to
keep up, or he’d exploit blind angles that make it difficult to see his
movements.

It was as if he was a leaf gently falling from a tree slipping through my hand
when I tried to catch it. In that case though, I thought of opening my arms wide
to block his escape route and tried to collide my body with his, but he quickly
jumped over me with one foot. Well, Ozma-san may have actually been seeing my
movements as if they were in slow motion, so it was easy for him to avoid them.
However, it’s not like I don’t have any cards left. I guess it’s time for me to
use my trump card.

[Ohh, a magic circle... That’s great. It’s important to try things out and find
the way you could breakthrough.]

Ozma-san was still as calm as before with his gentle smile on his face. However,
this magic would be able to break that smile of his... Or rather, if this
doesn’t break his smile, I don’t think I have any chance of victory at all. For
a man with little magic power and no aptitude for combat, I could only rely on
my only trump card “Auto-Counter”. However, it’s a passive kind of magic, and
isn’t something suitable for initiating. The magic I’m going to use now is an
improved version of my Auto-Counter... It’s a magic that makes my body act
through movements that I’ve established beforehand, at a really fast speed that
just barely breaks my body.

After a few minutes of setting up the magic circle, I activated it.

[...Autopilot!]

[Whoa?!]

With the utterance of the magic name acting as a key, I lost control of my body.
The attack I’ve set up this time... Is to make use of my body to attack at
Ozma-san at the fastest and shortest distance possible. As the distance was
originally close, I quickly reached Ozma-san and swung my fist at him, but he
nimbly turned his body to the side and evaded my attack. However, this is where
the true essence comes in. My body quickly reacts to Ozma-san’s movements and
swings my fist to the side. However, this was also avoided by leaning his upper
body behind.

Before I could even realize that my fist attack had been evaded though, my body
immediately crouched down and my foot sweeped his. So to speak, Autopilot is
something like a super reflex. It eliminates the process between thinking and
acting, and executes predetermined goals at the level of a spinal reflex.

This should have been... making my body exert its maximum performance but...

Ozma-san did a backflip with one foot to avoid my foot sweep, and easily avoided
my fist that was continuously thrown in the air, and then spun around again with
one hand on the ground to avoid my follow-up attack.

[Good gracious, you’re quite fast, aren’t you? It’s going to be hard for Uncle
to avoid them.]

[...]

Despite saying all these things, Ozma-san evaded all of my attacks with relative
ease, as if he knew in advance where my attacks would come from. F-For him to be
this powerful... This is bad. Autopilot is certainly easier to use than
Auto-Counter, but I still don’t know how much this magic consumes. In the next
few minutes... If I can’t catch him...

---

Autopilot lost its effect, and I fell down on one knee. As for the time limit,
there’s already less than 10 minutes left.

[Guhh... Hahh...]

[Master?!]

Autopilot would disregard my body’s fatigue while in effect, but one of the
drawbacks is that when the effect wears off, the fatigue rushes in. To be
honest, I’m so tired I just want to lie down right now...

While watching the exhausted me lying down on the ground, Ozma-san held a
cigarette in his mouth and spoke to me without lighting it.

[...Miyama-kun, can I give you one piece of advice?]

[...Hahh... Eh?]

[That magic isn’t really effective against Uncle, you know? That’s probably some
magic that allows you to attack in the most efficient way, right? In that case,
for opponents like Uncle here who have already lived useless amounts of years,
“not only would we be able to figure out where and how someone’s going to
attack”, “we can even control your movements by purposely creating gaps”.]

[Ghh...]

Now that he mentioned it, I can somehow understand it... The Autopilot uses the
most efficient movement to launch an attack. So, for someone as good as
Ozma-san, it wouldn’t be any different from using telephone punches... Ughhh...
This is hard.

[Well, you did a great job. Everyone has their strengths and weaknesses after
all... So, isn’t it enough that you tried?]

[...Eh?]

[Even though Master Megiddo told you that, it’s not like you really have to do
that. In this world, it’s important to know when to give up. It’s not like it’s
your fault that you lost here. There’s no need to force yourself to do something
that’s hard, you can just retire here... You can just go have fun with that girl
over there at the festival.]

[...I guess you’re right.]

In response to Ozma-san’s words, who was speaking to me as if he was gently
persuading me, not mocking me for my weakness, I nodded once... before I held
down my trembling legs and “stood up”.

[Even still, you’re going to stand up? You don’t have to work so hard, do you?
Do you really want to live up to Master Megiddo’s expectations that much?]

[There’s that too... But well, more than that...]

Why am I seriously working so hard? The reason... I think there are a lot of
them. I don’t want to waste the thoughts of the people who helped me get here,
and I also want to live up to Megiddo-san’s expectations. Those are definitely
reasons for not giving up. But I’m not that good of a person, so if it’s only
that, I won’t be trying this much.

Yes, the reason why I’m working so hard now is actually quite simple...

[...I’m also... a man... So sometimes, I just wanted to “show off my good side
to a cute girl”...]

[...Hahaha, I see. With such a reason, there’s no way that you can just not work
hard, right? It’s Uncle’s mistake. Alright then, bring me all you got.]

[Alright!]

To be honest, I have very little energy and magic power left. That’s why... I’ve
only got one chance left. Running towards Ozma-san, I swung my fist. But of
course, the strike is avoided. However, what I’m aiming for is this moment...
Through my Sympathy Magic, I conveyed my emotions. What I’m using now is that
magic that stopped the fight between Chronois-san and Ein-san before. Forcefully
transmitting my strong desire to not lose... I jumped on Ozma-san, whose
movements slightly slowed down in surprise. This tactic is effective because
it’s a surprise attack. However, there won’t be a second time... That’s why,
reach him!

I desperately reached out to Ozma-san, who took evasive action even though his
reaction was a bit delayed. It was actually just the tip of my finger... but my
outstretched hand did indeed touch Ozma-san’s body.

[...Guh?!]

[Whoa, you alright there?]

As I was about to fall to the ground, Ozma-san quickly caught my body.

[Master! Are you alright?! Did you get injured?]

[Anima? I-I’m alright... Just a little tired.]

With Ozma-san’s support, I smiled at Anima who ran up to me, to which she let
out a sigh of relief.

[Good gracious, that’s splendid. You managed to catch me\~\~]

[T-Thank you... very much.]

[I’m sure you’re tired, so why don’t you get some rest? I’ll give you the stamp
later.]

[...Yes.]

[Well then, I’ll go brew some coffee. Young lady over there, can you help me
with bringing the cups?]

[Okay.]

After confirming that Anima nodded at Ozma-san’s request for help, I sat down,
leaning against the wall of the arena. I somehow managed to win just in time. My
whole body feels so weary, but at the same time, I feel a sense of
accomplishment—This feeling doesn’t feel so bad.

---

On their way to where they’re making coffee, a distance away from Kaito, Anima
spoke to Ozma.

[...On those last moments... “Why did you let him touch you on purpose”?]

[Oya? As expected, you noticed it.]

Hearing Anima’s words, Ozma leisurely muttered and kindly smiled. At that time,
Kaito’s plan certainly caught Ozma off guard. But even if that’s so, it was an
easy task for Ozma to slip through the hand of Kaito, whose body was riddled
with wounds. However, the fact was that Kaito’s hand actually reached Ozma...
because toward “a position that is just barely within Kaito’s reach”...

[...Rather, from the beginning, I had intended to give a stamp to Kaito even
without challenging me. I’ve known Miyama-kun quite a bit already, and even
without having to test him, I thought he was well qualified to fight Master.]

[...]

[It’s just, doing that won’t make him accept it, right? I suppose it was more
like I was responding to his challenge?]

After saying this, Ozma glances towards Kaito’s direction and smiles.

[Though I say that, once I accepted his challenge, I didn’t intend to just let
myself lose. At least, if Miyama-kun hadn’t tried so hard... He, who was aiming
for what’s in front of him, desperately reached his hand to the goal, but in the
end, he was held back by the difference in ability... Uncle doesn’t like that
kind of development. Well, in the end, it was a victory for Miyama-kun who made
Uncle here think it was okay to lose.]

[...Allow me to say my thanks on Master’s behalf.]

[No, I don’t need it. Rather than that, you should just praise Miyama-kun for
his hard work. Tell him that he did a great job...]

[...Yeah.]

[Good gracious, it’s so nice to be young\~\~ I’m so jealous. Uncle is getting so
old now... But well, I guess it’s the elders’ privilege to be able to smile at
the efforts of straightforward children.]

As he said this, Ozma lit the cigarette in his mouth and serenely smiled.

---

After I finished drinking the coffee that Ozma-san brewed for me, I stood up
after recovering from my fatigue to some extent. Just as I was about to leave
the place after thanking Ozma-san... he opened his mouth.

[Ah\~\~ Miyama-kun.]

[Yes?]

[I don’t think I expressly have to say this since you should already know this
by now, but the fact that so many people would lend you their strength and
become your ally is definitely your strength.]

[...]

[Unless you’re an Omnipotent God, there’s only so much you can do on your own.
Don’t worry too much, ask for their help... Well, you also know that being too
dependent won’t do either, so it sure is difficult to gauge things out.]

This is probably advice also for the challenge to Agni-san after this. Advice he
gave me after knowing I was worried about various things.

[...Yes. Thank you, Ozma-san.]

[Unnn. Well, don’t get so worked up about stuff, just take it easy and have fun.
I’ll be rooting for you.]

Lightly bowing my head to Ozma-san who was lightheartedly waving his hand at us,
I left the place with Anima, aiming for the next arena.

Together with Anima, I proceeded to the fifth arena. On the stamp card in my
hand, there were four oversized stamps, proof that I had defeated the War King’s
Five Generals. I don’t count the stamps from the attractions we participated in
along the way since they weren’t counted in Megiddo-san’s place... The next one
is the fifth, the last stamp I needed.

[Master, a hummingbird arrived...]

[Unnn? Oh, it’s from Lilia-san.]

As I was somehow feeling deeply moved that I’m finally close to gathering all
the stamps, a hummingbird from Lilia-san arrived at that moment. It said that
Lilia-san and the others had finished challenging Bacchus-san’s arena, and they
were challenging the Five Generals in an opposite order from me... After they
challenged Bacchus-san, it seems like they were now heading to Agni-san’s arena.
She then ended it with a question asking if we should meet there. Her timing was
actually just right, so I sent a reply that we were also on our way to
Agni-san’s arena and decided to meet up with them there.

Since we were going to meet up there, I thought of walking faster, but I felt
someone discreetly holding the hem of my clothes.

[...Eh? Anima?]

[Ahh, m-my apologies! I just...]

[No, it’s alright but... Is something the matter?]

[N-No, ummm...]

When I asked her, tilting my head to the side if there’s something she wants,
Anima blushed and turned her head to the side, murmuring in a voice that was
unusually soft for her.

[...I-I know that this is rude of me but... errr... ummm...]

[Unnn?]

[I-I’d like it if... we could be “alone”... for a little... u-ummm… M-My
apologies! It’s nothing!]

[...]

It was very unusual, no. Perhaps, this might be the first time since I met
Anima... that she had spoken out about her small, modest selfishness. She didn’t
finish her words, but I still understood what Anima was asking for... and to be
honest, it made me happy. That’s why, asking Anima to raise her head that was
deeply bowed, I smiled as gently as I could and spoke.

[...I’m actually hungry from all the moving around I did earlier. I want to get
something to eat. I’ll let Lilia-san and the others know that we’ll be a bit
late, so can you go along with my selfishness?]

[Master... Y-Yes! Gladly!]

[Well then, it seems like there are food and drink stalls over there, so let’s
go.]

[Yes! Ah, ummm... Master.]

[Unnn?]

[...Thank you.]

Smiling at her modest words of thanks, I headed to the area lined with stalls
together with Anima. Anima’s small selfishness. No, I don’t really think... I
call that selfishness huh. That is... Yes. The thing asked by this girl, who
holds no desires for herself, for the first time was a cute request.

---

Even though I said that we were going to eat, we didn’t want to keep Lilia-san
and the others waiting too long, so we decided to eat at a stall instead of
going into a restaurant. I mean, I noticed this when we were searching for what
to eat but... There’s also normal restaurants here huh. I don’t know if I should
say that it’s to be expected from an outrageously large place or not...

I had already eaten earlier, but for Anima, who loves fish, I bought some
salt-grilled fish and a few other items from the stalls, and sat down with Anima
on a bench a few distance away from the stalls. As soon as I took a bite of the
grilled fish, from beneath its crispy skin, the white flesh that goes well with
salt became visible and its taste gently spread out in my mouth. This fish is
lightly seasoned, but it goes without saying that salt and white fish go
extremely well together. It’s very tasty.

[Unnn. Tasty... wait, Anima? Are you not going to eat it?]

[Ahh, n-no, I ‘ll eat it.]

Turning my head to the side, I saw Anima staring at the fish skewer with a
listless expression on her face for some reason. When I called out to her, Anima
flusteredly took a mouthful of the salt-grilled fish, but after taking a bite,
she stopped moving.

[...Did it not taste good?]

[N-No, it tastes great...]

Anima’s expression feels somewhat strange. It’s kinda hard to explain... It
doesn’t seem like she’s depressed or anything like that. How should I say
this... It feels more like she’s confused. However, I couldn’t figure out what
she was confused about. While I was unable to continue the conversation, Anima
remained silent for a while before she muttered.

[...Master.]

[Unnn?]

[...Ummm, my apologies. For being selfish...]

[...]

What is this? Anima really seemed to be confused about something, and the
confusion I felt from my Sympathy Magic became stronger with her mumble just
now. However, it’s not like I can use my Sympathy Magic to read minds. This
magic can only read the surface emotions and even if I could tell that Anima was
confused, I still wouldn’t know why she was confused. As this unanswered
question came to my mind, the answer immediately came out from Anima’s mouth.

[...I just... I-I just don’t know why I did such a thing...]

[...Ehh?]

[I’m a subordinate serving Master... Someone who has sworn her absolute loyalty
to Master... I should have sworn this but... why? Even though I shouldn’t have
meddled with Master’s actions for my own selfishness...]

[...Anima.]

I can understand the reason for Anima’s confusion by what she just said.
Perhaps, just a bit, just a really bit... Even if she couldn’t properly say what
she’s feeling, she noticed it. It exists in her heart. An emotion for me
different from loyalty...

That’s why Anima is so confused right now. Because she can’t properly tell the
true identity of this emotion budding within her heart, and the reason why she
has acted differently from the way she has in the past... She could understand
the loyalty within her heart, but this other emotion... For Anima, it feels as
if her loyalty has been shaken, and she has become worried because of it.
However, even if that’s so... I can’t tell her what emotion she’s feeling here.
This is because this emotion is still budding within Anima, and is not yet
solidified...

If, for argument’s sake, I told Anima the answer before she could figure it out
herself or confess my feelings... I’m sure Anima will be confused, but she will
force herself to accept it. She will most probably say that “because Master said
it, then it must be right”... Before she could even properly understand what
she’s feeling, she will instead think that this is how it should be. Then, it
will all be pointless.

[Anima.]

[Y-Yes?!]

[...What the heck are you saying? Anima is the one “going along with my
selfishness”, you know?]

[N-No, but...]

[Unnn? Or is it that Anima did not want to eat with me?]

[That’s not the case!!!]

That’s why, what I should be doing is giving Anima time to calm down and look
into her own heart. I don’t know what kind of answer she’ll end up with as a
result of my decision. Would she put her loyalty first and push down these
feelings... Or would she accept these feelings and change...

[Hey, Anima? Is Anima happy to eat with me?]

[Yes! Ummm... Strangely, I feel like it tastes better than usual?]

[I see... Then, there’s no problem, right? I’m happy to eat with Anima, and
since we’re both happy... It was a rather good choice we made, wasn’t it?]

[...Yes.]

This is just a guess but... If Anima properly accepts her feelings... I think
she will grow up much, much greater than she is now. I’m not talking about
physically, but mentally instead... Yes, I think Anima will become an even more
charming girl than she is now.

[...Master.]

[Unnn?]

[...Errr, ummm... It’s delicious, isn’t it?]

[Yeah.]

That’s why, I won’t say anything right now.

[...Master.]

[Unnn?]

[Ummm, I’m just wondering what this is? I’m feeling a strange warmth inside me.]

[...I wonder. I’m also feeling exactly the same though.]

Anima probably haven’t noticed it. Before she knew it, one of her hands held the
salt-grilled fish skewer in one hand... While her other hand was placed next to
my hand... With her pinky finger slightly touching my hand...

[...Master.]

[Unnn?]

[...Thank you.]

[For what?]

[...I don’t know. But for some reason, I kind of wanted to say thank you.]

[I see...]

For now, yes, I guess I’ll patiently wait. Wait for the day this girl who is
content with “following behind me”, would wish “to stand by my side”. I’m
looking forward to such a future...

Slow it may be, Anima is starting to change. At the moment, she is still very
confused, but there is no need to rush. We can just continue to spend our time
together in this peaceful way... and little by little—I think we can get closer
to each other.
