---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 4: World King's Festival

The morning of the second day of the Six Kings Festival. I thought that I would
sleep with the trio of Kuro, Isis-san and Alice again, but it seems like they
noticed that I hadn’t slept at all last night, and Kuro suggested that we sleep
together every other day. I guess we can’t just not sleep together huh...

Anyway, thanks to her suggestion, I was able to get a good night’s sleep. I
think I’ll be able to do my best on the second day now. Speaking of which, I
wonder where Kuro and the others are? Are they preparing breakfast? As I walked
down the huge corridor to the cafeteria, I heard familiar voices coming from
behind the other side of the door.

[K-Kuro-san, I really think you should stop already... That isn’t a baby
castella anymore, that’s just “dark matter in the shape of a baby castella”!!!]

[You see... I’m always seeking new flavors. I want to be an adventurer.]

[What’s with that look of enlightenment on your face?! If Kaito-san eats that,
rather than being an adventurer, he’ll end up going on an adventure to another
world, you know?!]

...That’s quite the frightening conversation you’re having there, oi! Is it a
new creation? Did Kuro make another new creation? This is bad, my sixth sense is
letting out quite a terrifying alarm. Let’s just quietly leave this place before
they notice...

[...Kaito... Good morning.]

[...G-Good... morning.]

However, reality is a cruel mistress. Just as I was about to run away, the door
in front of me opened, revealing the lovely Isis-san wearing an apron. And then,
the two people inside the room would obviously notice me...

[Ahh, Kaito-kun! Lookie, lookie, I made a new baby castella!]

[Kaito-san! Run! You’ll get killed!]

In front of Kuro, who had a big smile on her face when she found me... is an
“unknown red-spotted something that glows golden”... That won’t do, its color
clearly screams that it isn’t something a human should bring into their mouth.
Even Alice is desperately telling me to escape...

[...K-Kuro. Its colors look dangerous, doesn’t it...]

[T-That’s not the case! This is delicious... I think. “I haven’t tasted it
myself”, but I think it’s delicious.]

Those few final words clearly sound ominous, you know?! That’s definitely no
good. With the words she said, that definitely doesn’t taste good at all!

[N-No, in the first place, why didn’t you taste it when you’re cooking it
first...]

[Ehh, but I want Kaito-kun to be the one to taste it first...]

The apron-clad Kuro, whose cheeks were slightly blushing red, looked so cute.
N-No, but still... They probably used the right ingredients to make it, so at
worst, it’ll just taste bad, right? A-After all, Kuro made it for me...

[...If it’s just o-one bite...]

[Yay\~\~!]

[Kaito-san, don’t you think you’re spoiling Kuro-san too much?!]

[I know what Alice is trying to say, and I am well aware of it. But if I refuse
to eat it, Kuro will have a sad look on her face. And that’s something I don’t
want to happen. If it’s to protect Kuro’s smile, I’ll take on any challenge,
even if it means “dying”!]

[No, you don’t have to eat a mouthful,okay?! Don’t speak about dying, okay?!]

[Now, now, enjoy it while it’s fresh out of the oven\~\~]

[You’ll just ignore what he was saying?!]

With Alice’s tsukkomis in full swing, I pick up one of these
frighteningly-colored baby castellas. Uwaahh, even though it has such a color,
it’s this soft... F-Fufufu, the path to challenging the future sure is
heart-pounding... the trembling all over my body must be the shivers from
excitement. Even the sweat running down my back, it’s probably just my
increasing fighting spirit.

[T-Thank you for the food... Ugghhh?! Agghhhh...]

In front of the smiling Kuro, I moved my trembling hands and threw the baby
castella into my mouth. Along with its soft and squishy texture, an
inexpressibly bad taste spread in my mouth. Ah, but this might be surprisingly
good... my tongue became numb and eating it was quite the hair-raising
experience, but I guess you could call it some sort of delicacy.

[...Ahh, if it isn’t Mom and Dad... What are you waving at me for? Hahaha, I
can’t hear what you’re saying, you know... wait a moment, I’ll be going
there...]

[Kaito-san?! Get a hold of yourself! Wherever they are, please don’t follow
them!!!]

Hearing Alice’s voice within my foggy thoughts, my consciousness slowly
disappeared.

---

When Kaito fainted after eating a baby castella, an awkward look appeared on
Kuromueina’s face. The nearby Alice fiercely flared up at her.

[Hey, Kuro-san?! Kaito-san started hallucinating, you know?! What did you put in
there?!]

[E-Errr... First is “Golden Frog meat”...]

[What were you thinking when you put frog meat into a baby castella?! Are you
the Devil?!]

For once, Alice’s words are completely correct, and Kuromueina sits in a seiza,
curling her body smaller as she receives Alice’s scolding. Looking at
Kuromueina, Alice let out a big sigh before carrying Kaito to the sofa. In the
midst of such turmoil, only one person... Isis was the only one who acted as if
it had nothing to do with her, as she went to the kitchen to make a lovely
bento. Arranging colorful and tasty dishes in a round-shaped container, she then
finished it with a cute heart symbol in the center.

[...I hope... Kaito will be pleased.]

The morning commotion caused by Kuromueina coming up with a new baby castella.
Kuromueina, who was making a bizarre baby castella, and Alice, who struggled to
stop her. The result was... Isis, who had made lunch without caring about what
these two were doing, was the sole winner.

---

On the morning of the second day of the Six Kings Festival, I headed out the
tower, leisurely stretching out my body. Even so, it seems like I have slept for
a long time. Well, I feel like something terrible happened, but I don’t really
remember. Putting the inconsistencies in my memories aside, Isis-san made a
lunchbox for me. I was supposed to go around the festival with Lillywood-san
today, but since Lillywood-san doesn’t eat, Isis-san took care that I have
something to eat. Seriously, I feel lucky to have a wonderful girlfriend like
Isis-san.

As I walked out of the tower, thinking about such things, I saw that the scenery
was completely different from yesterday. I mean, literally different. After just
one night, the city, the venue of the festival, was overflowing with plants as
if we had entered a forest, with large trees and beautiful flowers growing
everywhere. Meanwhile, even the buildings had been changed to resemble log
houses, transforming the city into something that resembled the streets of
Rigforeshia.

I-I’ve heard that they would change everything every single day, but seeing the
change happen in person, I realize that the power of the Six Kings is really
quite extraordinary. However, I like this green scenery a lot. It somehow makes
me feel calm. I’m not really an expert about these things, but the term
“immersing yourself in a forest” exists, so the place may have a relaxing
effect. While looking at the flowers swaying in the slight breeze, I moved my
gaze to search for Lillywood-san... and found her immediately.

I mean, Lillywood-san... or rather, her form where she’s one with a tree really
stands out.

[Good morning, Lillywood-san... I’m sorry, did I keep you waiting?]

“Good morning, Kaito-san. No, I’ve just finished handing over the operation to
my followers.”

On the first day of the Six Kings Festival, Megiddo-san gave a verbal overview
of his festival, which also served as the opening ceremony, but from the second
day onwards, it seems like we would receive information about the day’s festival
at our accommodations or at the entrance of the city. The theme of today’s
seemed to be “Interacting with Nature”, a theme which certainly seems like
Lillywood-san. However, the guide only told me the overview of the festival,
saying that we should only look forward to the events, which made me feel
curious about it. According to the guidebook I bought from Alice, it seems like
they would also be selling decorative plants somewhere.

[Even so, the place looks amazing. The scenery is beautiful, and I’m curious to
see what kind of festival it will be.]

“Fufufu, let’s see. There are a lot of events here... but today, we will be
selling some rare and rarely available plants.”

[Is that so?]

“Yes, for example, the plant called Medhvana, which was used to wash Kaito-san’s
body, is only found in some areas of the Demon Realm, so it’s quite expensive.”

Whoa there, Lillywood-san. Let’s not dig up what happened yesterday. I’m the
kind of person who likes to look ahead into the future if possible... Or rather,
I’ll remember and start getting conscious again, so please don’t mention that.

[W-Which reminds me... I-I read that I would receive a seedling of the World
Tree as a memorabilia, b-but I wonder if that’s alright? Size-wise, I mean...]

It was a rather forceful topic deviation, but it was actually something I was
curious about. The World Tree, Lillywood-san’s main body, is a huge tree that
pierces the sky... That tree is even far taller than Magnawell-san vertically.
Of course, I wouldn’t have the space to grow such a huge tree. When I asked her
how long it would take to grow and stuff like that, Lillywood-san calmly
explained.

“Ahh, please don’t worry. The seedling I’m going to give you has been modified,
so you can grow it in a pot.”

[I-Is that so. I’m relieved to hear that.]

“The World Tree is said to be a mass of magic power of Healing. A decoction of
its leaves is said to cure all diseases, and its fruit can be eaten to heal all
kinds of wounds... Well, they were a bit over-exaggerated, but since it always
carries a small amount of magic power of Healing, it will help you relax.”

Perhaps, feeling embarrassed to give an explanation about something that could
be said as her own body, Lillywood-san explained to me with a faint blush on her
cheeks. When she said that I could grow it in a pot, does that mean I can
imagine it as some kind of decorative plant like bonsais? If it’s that big, I
guess I can be relieved.

“However, there are some negative effects after it was modified... At best, it
will only produce one fruit per year.”

No, that’s enough already. It’s important, so I’ll say it again, that’s enough
already. Or rather, it would still bear fruit huh... A Fruit of the World Tree,
I mean. For the world’s rarest fruit to be something you could easily harvest...
Well, I’ve been using Fruits of the World Tree as an energy drink, so I guess I
can’t really say that...

[I see. I understand. I’ll take good care of it.]

“Yes. I’d be happy if that’s the case.”

I haven’t had the experience of growing a plant other than the loofah I grew
back when I was in elementary school but... It isn’t something that I can just
let die. I’ll buy a book later and study how to properly raise it.

“Now then, I guess we should get going.”

[Ah, yes. Once again, I’ll be in your care today.]

“Me too. I’m glad to be going around with you today, Kaito-san.”

[...]

She really has quite a bad habit of nonchalantly saying such things with a
smile. Because of what happened yesterday, I somehow feel like I’m being
strangely conscious of her. A-Anyway, Lillywood-san is going to show me around,
so let’s just make sure we enjoy the day.

On the second day of the Six Kings Festival, having the theme “Interacting with
Nature”, I walked with Lillywood-san through a path lined with colorful flowers
in full bloom. A single flower blooming on the side of the road looks lovely,
but seeing a carpet of such beautiful flowers looks wonderful.

“That reminds me. When Kaito-san first visited the Demon Realm, I was also the
one who guided you.”

[Ahh... It wasn’t that long ago, but thinking about that time kinda makes me
feel nostalgic.]

Nowadays, thanks to my Teleportation Magic Tool, I can come to the Demon Realm
on my own. However, the first time I went to visit Isis-san’s castle,
Lillywood-san acted as my escort and guide. At that time, we encountered a
Behemoth in the Demon Realm and met Magnawell-san. Hmmm, the impact was
diminished by Magnawell-san’s size, but even that Behemoth was as big as a
Kaiju. I wondered if Bell would also grow to his size in the future? If it’s
possible, I’d really like it if he stays at his current cute size but...

“Yes, at that time, I didn’t think that Kaito-san would become this much of a
part of my life.”

[This much, you say... I don’t feel like things have changed that much though.]

Even so, a lot of things have happened in the past few months since
Lillywood-san showed me around the Demon Realm back then. Meeting the Six Kings,
challenging the depths hidden beneath Kuro’s heart, confessing to Isis-san,
returning to Sieg-san’s hometown, settling the incidents in Lilia-san’s past,
reunion in the Hydra Kingdom, meeting Eden-san, Alice’s past, confrontation with
Dr. Vier... I also went to visit the God Realm. Wait, aren’t the months I spent
here a bit too stacked?

“Fufufu, you are someone that I can’t measure. You are an unexpected and strange
person, in all sorts of meanings.”

[...Is that a compliment?]

“Yes, of course. I greatly admire you. However, this is difficult. I wonder what
these feelings I have for you? Trust, friendship, fondness, awe, affection,
interest, respect, infatuation, gratitude... I just can’t find the right words
to describe it.”

Leisurely walking, Lillywood-san’s gaze slightly turned upward as she murmured.

“...However, I am sure that I don’t have any negative feelings towards you. If
it’s possible, I hope we can continue to have a close relationship even in the
future.”

[...Yes. I also feel the same way.]

“...Fufu, the atmosphere turned a bit strange, didn’t it? Let’s pull ourselves
together and start going around the festival.”

[Yes.]

The atmosphere certainly was starting to make me strangely feel embarrassed, but
I don’t dislike such an atmosphere. However, strangely enough, I felt a little
closer to Lillywood-san than before. Just like Lillywood-san, I also don’t know
how to put what I’m feeling for her into words... But one thing I’m sure of is
that I have favorable feelings for Lillywood-san.

---

[...A-As expected of Lillywood-sama. She isn’t pushing him that hard, but
they’ve got quite a great mood around them... How enviable.]

[...What are you doing? “Vier”...]

As Vier quietly watched Kaito and Lillywood while hiding behind a large tree,
Neun called out from behind her with a dumbfounded expression on her face.

[Well, you see, festivals are so uplifting, aren’t they?]

[H-Huhh... Well, that’s certainly true...]

[How uplifting something is can be a very important factor in love, you know? In
other words, the Six Kings Festival is an event that I can’t miss when I attack
Miyama-kun!]

[...So? For you to go to the trouble of closing your clinic, what exactly are
you doing?]

Hearing Vier’s passionate words as she clenched her fist, Neun asks her back
with a distant look in her eyes.

[Unnn, about that... I haven’t participated in a festival for a long time, so
wouldn’t I need to study the things I need to do?]

[...No, I don’t think you really need to study though?]

[Unnn, unnn, as one would expect, you can’t make a great attack without
preparation, don’t you think? That’s why I’m studying like this.]

[...Don’t the public generally call what you’re doing as “stalking”?]

[Don’t worry. It’s not stalking if I have received permission from
Lillywood-sama!]

[What’s with your energetic way of saying that?!]

Vier was originally a reckless person, and only her energy in doing things is
tremendous. Or perhaps, rather than saying that, it would be better to describe
her as someone who acts on the spur of the moment. As a result of her
recklessness though, Neun got caught up...

[In the first place, rather than ask what I am doing... Aren’t I supposed to be
asking what you’re doing, Hikari?]

[Ehh? M-Me?]

[Who else do you think I’m talking with here?! The festival lasts for 7 days,
why don’t you ask Miyama-kun out on a date?!]

[D-D-Date?! H-H-H-However, i-i-i-it’s not like Kaito-san and I are l-lovers...]

[That’s exactly why you should ask him on a date!!!]

[Hyiiiihhhh?!]

Overwhelmed by Vier’s angry look, Neun looked frightened. However, Vier didn’t
mind her reaction at all and continued to speak, grabbing Neun’s shoulders.

[Listen here, okay? It’s exactly because you’re not lovers yet, that’s why you
have to be aggressive... Since Kuromu-sama is even supporting us, we can’t just
act shy all the time. You have to have the guts to take a bath with him and wash
his back!]

[Wha?! B-B-B-Bathing together?! I-I-I-I can’t do that. I-I would die from
embarrassment from doing that.]

[Hmmm. You’re the same as usual, aren’t you, Hikari... Alright then! I will help
you!]

[Eh? No, thank you. I have a bad feeling about this...]

[Of course, I want to have a good relationship with Miyama-kun, but I’m also
rooting for Hikari... so I’ll go ask Kuromu-sama for help!]

[Please listen to me! Please, could you just listen to my opinion a little...
Ah, wait, Vier?! She started running already... wait, look at where you’re
running! There are tree roots where you’re running to...]

[Eh? Fugyaahhh?!]

Vier vigorously ran off, but as klutzy as usual, she tripped over a root at her
feet and dived face-first into the ground.

---

I am aware that I am taking a step or two too fast, but I keep going. I wonder
if I’m on the right path or the wrong one... Even if people can predict their
future, they can’t accurately determine what is about to come. It’s always after
you get there that you would find out if the path you’ve taken was the right one
or not. And now, a huge wall was standing in front of me. The wall was supposed
to be beautiful, made up of beautiful flowers intertwined together, but for the
current me, it only shows how cruel reality is as it blocked my path.

Slowly looking back, I saw Lillywood-san with a gentle smile on her face. Even
though I say that Lillywood-san had a gentle smile on her face though, I somehow
felt like she was teasing me. Sensing that I don’t have any path but defeat, I
opened my mouth.

[...Lillywood-san... Please give me a “hint”.]

“Fufufu, I understand... Let’s see. I suggest that you return back to the third
corner behind us, the path with blue flowers.”

[Ugghhh... I-Is that so...]

When I heard Lillywood-san’s words, my shoulders slumped as I started to walk
back to where I came from. This is the third time I’ve made a U-turn... Hmmm,
this is somehow a little harder than I imagined huh? I thought it would be
easier for me to reach the goal.

[T-This place was much bigger than I imagined.]

“Yes, this place is one of the main attractions of the festival.”

I was currently challenging one of the attractions, the “Flower Labyrinth”...
Just as its name states, it’s a labyrinth of flowers. This is a huge labyrinth
built around a type of flower that has a large growing stem. It’s an attraction
that one can challenge while looking at the various flowers and enjoying their
pleasant scent. However, it seemed to be a rather seriously designed labyrinth,
and it was quite difficult... I’ve been hitting dead ends many times since a
while ago.

By the way, Lillywood-san knows the answer to this labyrinth, so she doesn’t
interfere and only gives me hints when I ask for them.

[Speaking of which, the flowers in the blue path have quite the beautiful color,
don’t they?]

“This flower is called the Blue Moon Flower, and it grows in the western part of
the Demon Realm. It’s a flower that only blooms at night.”

[...It’s just before noon though?]

“We’re using a special magic technique to make the area around this place appear
to be night.”

[Fumu, I see.]

“The opportunity to see it under the bright light like this is rare.”

Deep blue flowers that were circular like the full moon... You apparently don’t
get the chance to see something like this so clearly. When I heard that, I felt
like I was having a very precious experience. Let’s look at the flowers a bit
more. In the pathway a few distance in front of me, there was a rare flower with
very fine petals that were fun to look at. When I was in Japan, I didn’t have
much of a chance to look at flowers, but looking at them like this is nice.

[...The labyrinth is difficult, but it’s fun to see all the different flowers
like this. Of course, it’s only possible since Lillywood-san was explaining
about them to me...]

“I’m glad to hear you say that. Well then, let’s get lost a few more times to
find some rare flowers, shall we?”

[...I’d really like to look at them while smoothly advancing through the
labyrinth though...]

“Fufufu.”

Even though the labyrinth was quite a struggle, the banter was fun and the
leisurely atmosphere around was very comfortable. As expected, I don’t want to
keep on getting lost and go on a conquest towards all the paths in this
labyrinth, but if walking through this labyrinth with Lillywood-san was this
much fun... I guess hitting a few more dead ends isn’t that bad.

I really like to punch the me of the “two hours back then” for thinking such a
thing.

[...F-Finally reached the goal.]

“Congratulations. You’ve walked through almost 80% of the labyrinth huh.”

No, of course, I didn’t walk for two hours straight, as I stopped to look at the
flowers along the way while Lillywood-san explained them to us, but I did get
lost quite a bit. Part of it was because the labyrinth was quite huge to begin
with, but there were also other reasons why it took so long. I don’t know who
made this labyrinth... but in the latter half of the labyrinth, there were a lot
of paths that I walked for a long time, only to end up at a dead end... I think
this place was specially made just to tease those who challenge it.

[...I don’t think this is the case, but the one who created this labyrinth...
Was it Lillywood-san?]

“No, I didn’t have much experience with such things... So I asked “Shalltear” to
do it for me.”

[...I-Is that so...]

They have chosen the worst person to make this labyrinth. I see, Alice huh... No
wonder why it’s so difficult and the damage is so great when one makes a
mistake.

“You must be tired from all the walking. It was just around lunchtime, so why
don’t we have lunch in the nearby plaza?”

[Ah, yes. I agree.]

“Do you have any food prepared, Kaito-san? If not, we can go to the area with
the stalls first...”

[Ahh, there’s no problem regarding that. Isis-san prepared a bento for me.]

“I see. Well then, let’s go.”

Nodding my head at the thankful suggestion, I moved to the plaza with
Lillywood-san. Although it was lunchtime, the plaza was relatively empty as most
of the participants seemed to have moved to the area with the stalls. Finding a
large bench among them, we sat down and I opened the bento that Isis-san had
given me.

[...Ooohh.]

I couldn’t help but exclaim. What appeared was a very cute bento set. The
onigiri that she prepared knowing that I love eating rice, were in the shape of
hearts, and seemed to be filled with various fillings. There were also my
favorite mini hamburger steak and some wieners that were cut into the shape of
an octopus. It looks very tasty, but more importantly, it took a lot of time and
effort to make... Even from just its appearance, I could tell that they were
made with a lot of love and care, which somehow made me feel warm inside.

“I don’t know much about cooking, but that looks very beautiful.”

[...Yes.]

Feeling moved about the bento Isis-san gave me, I nodded upon Lillywood-san’s
words.

After lunch, I was guided around the festival by Lillywood-san again. From
Lillywood-san’s explanation, it seems like she had chosen to show me around the
rare plants, and seeing all the new plants I saw were truly new to me, making me
feel thrilled for someone of my age. Then, we went around a few places and came
to an area where there were a lot of long, thin trees, about three meters tall.

[O-Ooohhh...]

“What do you think? They’re interesting trees, aren’t they?”

[Yes. It feels like they’re rubber.]

The tree that Lillywood-san introduced me to this time was very soft and bends
when I pushed it with my hand. It seems to be used as a material for cushions
and sofas, because of its excellent texture. I kinda want to buy one now.

“The platform over there is also made from this tree. You can walk on it with
your shoes on, so how about you experience walking on it yourself?”

[Yes?]

With Lillywood-san’s urging, I went to the platform made of soft wood. When I
stepped on it, I felt my feet being bounced back, just like that bouncy
playground the children played in, and my body moved up and down a bit as I
walked forward. Ahh, this is kinda fun.

[Heehhh... This is a lot more flexible than I thought it would be... Eh?]

“Yes, it’s also very comfortable to sit on. Unnn? Is something the matter?”

[N-No, nothing...]

I turned to Lillywood-san to tell her what I thought, but at that moment, she
got on the platform too. Thereupon, what do you think happened? What happened is
that Lillywood-san’s body was moving up and down due to the platform’s rebound,
her bountiful twin hills greatly swaying along. My eyes couldn’t help but be
glued to them. I’ve heard that women are sensitive to such gazes, so I hurriedly
averted my eyes but... Lillywood-san didn’t seem to notice at all, as she’s just
looking at me with her head tilting in wonder.

...Her guard really is too loose. No, but even so, Lillywood-san’s breasts
really are quite big. They were large enough that their size is clearly visible
even when wearing loose-fitting ethnic-style clothing. In addition, they’re
beautifully round and weren’t drooping at all. I admit, slender women are more
to my taste... but when they have breasts as beautiful as Lillywood-san’s, I
can’t help but follow them with my eyes regardless of my tastes. I heard someone
say that big is better than small, but I guess this is exactly what they meant.

...No, wait a moment there! What the heck am I thinking?! It would be
disrespectful to Lillywood-san to look at her with such dirty eyes. Even if it’s
impossible to not look at them because it’s in a man’s nature to look at them
from time to time, let’s make sure that we don’t think of anything strange.

“Kaito-san? Is something the matter?”

[Ah, no! I was just happy to have Lillywood-san show me around that I was just a
bit absorbed. Now, let’s move on!]

“Eh? Ah, yes!”

Embarrassed, I somewhat forcefully moved on from the conversation with
Lillywood-san, and headed to the next location. I wonder what this is though?
This strange embarrassment I’m feeling... I don’t think I had much of a chance
to talk with Lillywood-san like this. When I visited the Demon Realm before, I
was only being seriously guided and escorted, so Lillywood-san had a serious
expression on her face most of the time.

However, yesterday and today... I feel that Lillywood-san is showing me her true
self. The gentle and kind part of her was the same as always, but she showed me
not only her usual gentle smile, but also her bright, cheerful smile. And now,
she’s showing me a cute gesture of tilting her head. Perhaps, I was feeling
strangely embarrassed because she was showing me a feminine gesture instead of
her face as the World King. I described Lillywood-san yesterday and today as
someone that is too unguarded. However, if I were to describe her accurately...
I should rather say that “Lillywood-san, who never showed an opening before,
started opening up to me yesterday”. It makes me feel that Lillywood-san deeply
trusts me, which honestly makes me happy.

[What plants will we see next?]

“Next will be, let’s see... How about we go to the area with the carpet of small
flowers?”

[Ohh, that sounds like it would be beautiful just by hearing it. I’m really
looking forward to it.]

“...”

A carpet of flowers huh. I can somehow imagine it, but this is something held at
a humongous event, the Six Kings Festival... I’m sure it would be more
spectacular than I imagined. I feel my expectations about it suddenly rising.
Then, I suddenly noticed that Lillywood-san was staring at my face. Tilting my
head, I asked.

[Lillywood-san?]

“...Do you like nature, Kaito-san?”

[Yes. Though I said that, I’m not as knowledgeable as Lillywood-san... All I can
say is that nature is beautiful and relaxing... so I like it a lot.]

“Having knowledge is convenient, but it isn’t necessary to love nature. The
plants are happy just because Kaito-san likes them.”

Thereupon, Lillywood-san paused for a bit, before a smile as beautiful as a
fully-bloomed flower appeared on her lips.

“...Of course, I also like you, who says you like nature, very much.”

[T-Thank you very much.]

“Fufufu. Let’s go then.”

As she told me this in a gentle voice, a small but very beautiful peach-colored
flower bloomed on Lillywood-san’s head, a little above her right ear. I could be
mistaken, but that flower on her head—It seems to indicate that the fondness
Lillywood-san had for me is true.

---

Finished visiting some of the main attractions, the sun is about to set. Thanks
to Lillywood-san’s easy-to-understand guidance, I was able to fully enjoy the
festival even though I’m not very familiar with plants. I’m really grateful for
that. And now, Lillywood-san is bringing me... to what could be said as the main
event of the Festival’s second day. It was a huge flower garden that took up the
entire area north of the Central Tower. The colorful flowers were lined up like
a pattern, creating an unmistakably picturesque scenery.

According to Lillywood-san, it was her “masterpiece”, and it certainly was
really amazing. It looks like a giant rainbow from some places, while it looks
like an intricate ring of colors from another. There was also a small hill where
one could find a different kind of beauty. The flower box was like a jewel box,
as every time you looked at something, you would find new discoveries. Before I
knew it, I found myself sitting side by side with Lillywood-san on a hill
overlooking the flower garden, looking at the flower garden, losing track of
time.

As the sky began to be dyed in madder red, I could see a different kind of
melancholic beauty, and I spoke to the nearby Lillywood-san.

[Speaking of which, Lillywood-san. There’s something I’ve been wanting to ask
you for a while now... I’m at it anyway, so may I ask you something now?]

“Eh? Yes, I don’t mind.”

There was no one else on the hill at the moment, probably because the other
participants were shying away from Lillywood-san’s presence. I think it’s a good
time to talk about things since it’s only the two of us at the moment. That’s
why, I decided to ask her about something that has been bothering me for a
while... a certain misgiving I have regarding Lillywood-san.

[Ummm, I’m sorry if this is just my misunderstanding. It’s just that,
Lillywood-san... Could it be that you and Alice... Phantasmal King doesn’t get
along?]

“...Why do you think so?”

[...When I was advised by Lillywood-san at the Sacred Tree Festival, somehow...
I kinda feel that Lillywood-san was “scared” of Alice... or something like
that?]

“...”

I’ve always wanted to ask this. However, I never had the opportunity to ask it
because of the content of what I’m asking. Back at the Sacred Tree Festival,
Lillywood-san’s expression while she’s talking about Alice... the Phantasmal
King, it’s as if she was talking about an unknown being... No, the atmosphere
around her was as if she was talking about someone she couldn’t comprehend. For
me, Alice is my best friend and my irreplaceable lover... That’s why I wanted to
ask this.

When Lillywood-san heard what I said, she was silent for a while before she let
out a light sigh.

“...I’m really no match against you, Kaito-san.”

[...Then?]

“Yes, it is as you said. If it was “at that time”, certainly... I was afraid of
Shalltear. No, it might not be appropriate to say that I’m afraid of her... I
guess it would be better to say “I’m creeped out “by her.”

[...Creeped out huh?]

Gazing at the flower garden dyed in the redness of dusk, Lillywood-san began to
talk about the past.

“She suddenly appeared in front of us one day. As a being of great power, her
sudden appearance... that in itself isn’t the problem. If Kuromueina brought her
to us, we wouldn’t have hesitated to accept her as family.”

[...]

“The cheerful and energetic Shalltear quickly made friends with everyone... Even
though she’s playing the fool with a smile, she still somehow draws a line
between us... It’s as if there are dark flames hidden behind her smile...”

I see, Lillywood-san faintly noticed the things she was hiding huh. However, she
wasn’t quite sure what it was. This must be why she felt that Alice was so
creepy.

“...It’s as if she was looking at something else while looking at us... It was
only about a thousand years after Shalltear’s arrival in this world that these
thoughts became clear to me.”

[Did Alice do something?]

“...At that time, the Demon Realm was a very chaotic place. There were many
powerful beings... Count-rank Demons just about anywhere, each of which were
doing as they pleased. The most powerful being in the Demon Realm, Kuromueina,
had the power to rule the Demon Realm, but she respected the freedom of each
individual, and as a result, you could say that it was a much rougher era than
today.”

[...]

“However, that chaotic Demon Realm... was changed by a single person.”

[...And that person is Alice?]

When I reflexively asked back, Lillywood-san quietly nodded.

“Among the powerful Demons, Shalltear secretly erased those she perceived as
unnecessary to the world. She did it so cold-heartedly, in a really clever way
that we didn’t even notice... By the time we noticed it, “more than 70%” of
those powerful Demons had been erased by her alone.”

[...]

“However, that’s not all that she did. At the same time as she did this, she
increased the number of subordinates, acting as her limbs, and in just a
thousand years, she was able to spread her roots behind the vast Demon Realm.
Using her ability to manipulate information, she was able to bring order to the
Demon Realm... Constructing ranks like the “Six Kings” and the
“Peerage-holders”.”

[...Come to think of it, Ozma-san told me a story like that.]

“He had been Megiddo’s subordinate even back then after all. He’s one of the
oldest ones among the Six Kings’ executives... Going back to the subject, the
reason why Shalltear divided the Demon Race was apparently to make it easier to
manage information... It was for her own benefit, as she said herself.”

[...What a selfish person that is. That Shalltear was quite nasty, wasn’t she?
There certainly isn’t anything wrong with being selfish, but theFugyaaahhh?!]

There was some idiot who interrupted our serious conversation, so I reflexively
drove my knuckle on her head. I turned back to Lillywood-san to ask her to
resume the story that was interrupted by the idiot’s intrusion.

[...Ummm\~\~ Kaito-san, why am I being made to sit in a “seiza”?]

[If you keep on interrupting, the story won’t go anywhere at all, so just stay
there and keep quiet.]

[You haven’t been treating Alice-chan well these days, don’t you think?
Alice-chan is your cutie, cute, cute lover, you know? I think it’s better if you
pamper me more! Or rather, please pamper me more! Please give me a hug!]

[...I’m sorry for that, Lillywood-san. Please continue.]

[You’re ignoring me?!]

The story really isn’t making any progress at all, so I’ll just leave the idiot
at the side and ask Lillywood-san to continue. Lillywood-san gave an astounded
look at Alice, who was making a fuss even while sitting in a seiza, before
nodding once and resumed her story.

“Well then, let’s go back to the story... But before that, let me say this for
Shalltear’s honor... The 70% of High-ranking Demons that she erased were all
those who acted unruly, using their power as a shield. They were like the pus of
the Demon Realm, tormenting and killing good and powerless Demons, so I think
she acted with a certain amount of thought.”

[...I see.]

Well, to be honest, I haven’t had any doubts regarding that from the beginning.
There were certainly times where Alice unemotionally acted upon something, but
she isn’t the kind of person who would kill innocent people indiscriminately. I
have some faith in her regarding that.

[Here! Here! Objection!]

“...What is it? Shalltear.”

[Lillywood-san... You don’t really have to mind the idiot, you know?]

“My apologies.”

The gentle Lillywood-san couldn’t ignore the idiot who raised her hand to
advocate for herself and reflexively replied. I wondered if she was going to
interrupt the conversation again, but I turned to Alice to ask her what she
wanted now.

[This is very important, so I’ll say this... I’ve only erased “60%” of them! The
other 10% were done by “Pandora”.]

[Eh? Pandora-san did?]

[Yes, well, Pandora, you see... While I was dealing with scum who kidnapped
people they had their eyes on and repeatedly conducted perverted experiments on
them, I picked her up by chance\~\~ Then, I raised her! Howe—ver, I don’t know
what went wrong, but when we conduct search and investigation of scum Demons,
she would torture them so much that “they would beg to be killed”, and after
that, as we were conducting erasure and destruction missions, she grew up having
a “peculiar fetish” before I knew it.]

The heck is that, that sounds really disturbing, you know?! Just when I was
thinking that Pandora-san had a painful past, such thoughts were immediately
scattered by the latter half of your story, you know?!

[Not only has she become loyal in a strange way, she’s “extremely sadistic, but
at the same time, she’s freaking masochistic to certain people”... She would
even watch me sometimes as I was being scolded by Kaito-san, “with her fingers
in her mouth, drooling”.]

[That’s something I don’t want to know! Eh? I mean, I’m also within those
certain people?!]

[Incidentally, after yesterday’s festival... She even told me “The moment when
Miyama-sama stared at the disgraceful me while I was disciplining that foolish
beast was the best”... Her face completely looked like a woman in heat!]

[What the heck is going on in her head?!]

She’s dangerous, Pandora-san, I mean. She’s quite the intense one. Perhaps, was
she thinking “For him to scold my absolute superior Shalltear-sama... I wish he
could scold me too” or something like that? If that’s the case, I’m going to
acknowledge her now as the most fearsome person in the world, right up next to
Eden-san!!!

“W-Well, let’s just put that aside...”

[No, no, that’s a big problem for me, so I’d like it if we don’t put something
that big aside...]

“...Please do your best.”

[Could you please stop with the unpleasant cheering?!]

When I hang my head while shuddering at such thoughts, Lillywood-san put in an
unpleasant follow-up before resuming the story.

“...Well, I also recognize Shalltear’s skills and achievements in bringing order
to the Demon Realm. Although I was a bit dissatisfied with being given the title
of being one of the Six Kings without my permission, I rather liked the
situation where the weak weren’t oppressed.”

[...]

Arehh? She surprisingly has a high assessment of her? Then, why was
Lillywood-san so wary of Alice?

“...However, it seemed that whatever Shalltear wished for did not happen, and
the feeling of impatience inside her just grew. I was curious about her
situation, so I asked Shalltear once, “What are you in such a hurry for?”...”

[...and what did Alice say?]

“...”I want to fulfill my goal already so that I can die!” is what she responded
with. There was something dark and freezing beneath the eyes of Shalltear at
that time... I couldn’t understand it. Whether it’s this goal so that she could
die or her motives... That’s why... I thought she was creepy.”

[Ahh\~\~ Well, I was in quite a rough shape back then. I’m sorry for what I did
at that time, Lillywood-san.]

I know what Alice was looking for. She was trying to fulfill Iris-san’s dying
wish, for her to fall in love with someone, bringing the madness inside her so
that she could kill herself. That much has been why Alice looked like a person
with an unknown character in the eyes of Lillywood-san. And then, Lillywood-san
just said that Alice created order in the Demon Realm in only a thousand
years... but for Alice, that thousand years might have been a very long time.

She has come to another world to fulfill her best friend’s dying wish, but
things haven’t progressed at all. In the Demon Realm of the past, when there was
a lot of strife in the Demon Realm, lives must have disappeared one after
another before she could even find someone she could fall in love with. And that
led to Alice’s impatience...

“Speaking of which, you did say “If Lillywood-san interferes, I will kill you.”,
didn’t you?”

[Whoa there! I remembered that I still have something urgent to attend to! I
will be excuGuehhh?!]

Well, I don’t intend to say anything about Alice’s past because I’m sure that
she had her own reasons. However, as for Alice, who tried to run away after
hearing that topic, I immediately grabbed her by the scruff of her neck and
caught her. Thereupon, seeing our exchange, Lillywood-san smiled somewhat
happily.

“Well, I could somewhat understand now what you were in such a hurry for. You
are... searching for Kaito-san, aren’t you?”

[...Mnhh.]

“I don’t feel the darkness and coldness that you had back then anymore.”

[...I’ll say this now, though it may sound like I’m just giving excuses, but I
was just having some rough time at that time... I also consider Lillywood-san
and the others as my family, you know?]

Looking at Lillywood-san, who calmly told her that she didn’t find her creepy
anymore, Alice scratched her cheek with a slightly awkward expression on her
face.

“I know that. I somewhat know that you’re also doing things for our sake... Like
at that time in the Elven Forest... when we were reconstructing Rigforeshia, the
reason why the supplies were coming in so well is that you were the one who
arranged it, right?”

[...Well, ummm... I’m sorry for taking it out on you at that time.]

“...I don’t really care about what happened back then. You’re unmistakably my
important family after all.”

[...T-Thank you.]

Alice, who shyly told her this, may indeed have changed for the better compared
to the past.

At least, with the conversation they just had, I could feel that the rift
between Lillywood-san and Alice was completely gone. As Lillywood-san said, each
of us is a being with minds of our own, so there will be times when we disagree
with each other. There will be times when you will have to fight with each
other. Even if that’s so, even with all the things they’ve said, they are still
thinking of each other. The two of them—They’re definitely family.

---

The second day of the Six Kings Festival was nearing its end.

This was the last event of the second day, and at the same time, the event that
Lillywood-san was most confident in, the lighting up of the entire city, was
taking place. It seems like they gathered plants that emit light under specific
conditions, just like the Light Trees I’ve seen before, and arranged them in
such a way that they look different depending on the luminescence cycle and
height difference. Indeed, looking at them like this, one will never get bored
with their vivid colors and flashing lights.

“What do you think? It took a lot of care in arranging the patterns in that
area. It would be great if Kaito-san likes it...”

[Ah, yes. I think it’s very nice... It’s just that, ummm, I have some things I’d
like to ask...]

“What is it?”

[First of all, this is a pretty good spot for viewing this sight, isn’t it? Why
is it that there’s no one else here?]

Currently, Lillywood-san and I are on a small hill at the southern edge of the
city where the event will be held. This is a spectacular spot where we can see
the entire city and enjoy all the lights. However, when I looked around, I
couldn’t see anyone other than myself and Lillywood-san on this hill, which was
supposed to be quite large. I couldn’t believe that they would just miss out on
such a great place, so I asked Lillywood-san about it, and she “looked down”
towards me with a charming smile on her lips.

“...I abused my authority as the organizer for a bit. I wanted a quiet place to
view this sight so...”

[I see... Well then, I have one more question. Or rather, this is the most
important question I have.]

“Yes, what is it?”

[...Why am I... “being held in Lillywood-san’s arms”?]

Lillywood-san is now as tall as she was when I first met her, as her body became
one with a tree. A chair has been morphed in the lower part of her tree, and I
am sitting on it. It was all good so far. When I was given a tour of the Demon
Realm, the position I am now in was in a similar fashion. The biggest problem
is... Currently, for some reason, Lillywood-san’s hands were loosely placed in
front of my chest, and soft and elastic things were clinging to the back of my
head.

No, well, in a nutshell, Lillywood-san is hugging me from behind me, and I have
no idea why I’m in this state! Eh? Where is it? Where did this flag leading to
the soft heaven rise? I don’t think such a flag rose for an event like this to
happen...

“Do you dislike it?”

[N-No, that’s not it... It’s just, errr, I could feel your breasts touching
me...]

“Ahh, that’s “on purpose”. I was hoping that Kaito-san would feel the desire for
me.”

[Lillywood-san, don’t you think your personality changed?!]

Eh? This is weird... Was Lillywood-san someone who exudes a mysterious charm?
No, she isn’t. She’s supposed to be more of the homely type, the one that heals
your heart with her presence. W-Why is she being so aggressive? C-Could it be
that she’s drunk or something?

“Fufufu, I guess so. To be honest, I’m not really sure why I wanted to do this
either... Perhaps, I was just feeling envious.”

[...E-Envious?]

“Yes... Just like those who changed after they met you... I also want to
change.”

Pausing there for a moment, Lillywood-san turned her gaze to the beautiful,
glittering city.

“...After they became lovers with you... Kuromueina now had a much nicer smile
on her face than before. Isis began to have a sincerely happy expression on her
face, something that I had never seen before. And Shalltear, as I mentioned
earlier, seemed to have regained her original smile as the darkness beneath them
disappeared.”

[...]

“...I would certainly feel envious of them. How could these women, who had lived
so many years, having personalities that were almost completely set already, to
have changed like that... How enviable.”

[...Lillywood-san.]

It’s easy for me to forget, but Lillywood-san and the other members of the Six
Kings have lived far more years than I have. Their personalities have certainly
matured already, and change may not be as easy for them to accept as it used to
be. And exactly because they have spent so many unchanging years, that they
yearned for change. Even I, who have spent years hiding in my shell for a long
time, can kind of understand that feeling.

“...It’s quite strange, isn’t it? Wishing for change... Feeling envious of other
people’s change... I don’t even know when was the last time I thought of such
things.”

[However, wishing for change... It would also mean you’re wishing for something
to improve, which I think is a good thing.]

“I guess so.”

[Eh? Wait, Lillywood-san.]

Lillywood-san nodded, as if she was telling something to herself, before hugging
me a little tighter than before. Smelling the soothing scent of wood, I felt
myself being enveloped in her soft touch and her ascertainable warmth.

“...I still have my doubts about my ability to feel love. However, how should I
put this... Perhaps, I might want to “try to fall in love”.”

[...]

“However, I’m still not sure how to do such a thing. I’m afraid that I might
just baffle someone, just like how you are right now. But even so, will you
still be my friend?”

[...Of course. N-No, well, I think I would certainly feel bewildered about some
things... but there’s no way that I could ever dislike you, Lillywood-san.]

“...Thank you. I feel strange though? Even though I don’t feel like the
temperature around us has changed, I feel warm. How strange... really strange.
However, fufufu, it feels kind of fun.”

Saying that, the most beautiful smile I’ve ever seen appeared on Lillywood-san’s
lips.

“Kaito-san, I may be ignorant but once again... Please continue to look after
me.”

[Ah, yes. I will also be in your care too...]

Change is something easy to say, but difficult to do in reality. However, I
think Lillywood-san would be fine. After all, Lillywood-san, who wishes for
change and looking forward to change—looked so radiant.
