---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 2: Wine of Victory

After the meal with Anima, we finally arrived at the fifth arena. This arena
isn’t so different from the previous ones, but it looks very intimidating for me
right now, especially when I think that I’m finally standing before the last and
strongest of the War King’s Five Generals.

[...I wonder if Lilia-san and the others are inside?]

[I think so. They may have challenged her first.]

I took a quick look around the entrance, but I couldn’t see Lilia-san and the
others. So, I assume that they were challenging Agni-san first, and entered the
arena with Anima. As we continued a little further, we heard cheers and what
seemed to be the sounds of battle, and saw everyone near the entrance of the
large arena.

[Oya? Kaito-san. Good work out there.]

[Sieg-san! I’m sorry to keep you waiting... Is someone challenging now?]

When Sieg-san spotted me, she called out to me, so I slightly bowed and met up
with everyone.

[Yes... Soon, all of us, including My Lady, will have “failed the challenge”.]

[Eeehhh?!]

When I heard what Lunamaria-san said, I immediately moved my gaze to the center
of the arena... There, I saw Agni-san standing leisurely, and Lilia-san
brandishing her large sword above, about to swing it down.

Lilia-san, who boasts tremendous power, strikes with her might from above...
This is a sword strike that had the same power from the strike of a Count-rank
High-ranking Demon, but Agni-san doesn’t move from her spot and easily catches
Lilia-san’s sword with “one hand”.

[...That’s a good attack. However, there is still unevenness in the distribution
of magic power in your body.]

[Guhhh...]

It was an overwhelming sight. When Lilia-san unleashed a series of strikes, she
caught all of them with one hand without taking a single step, and when
Lilia-san unleashed a tornado-like magic, Agni-san dispersed it with just a
casual wave of her hand. Even if Lilia-san attacked with a speed that I couldn’t
perceive, Agni-san didn’t consider her strikes as a threat and easily dealt with
Lilia-san’s attack without any change in her expression. It was an overwhelming
difference in ability that even I, an amateur, could understand... This is the
strength of the Head of the War King’s Five Generals...

In the end, Agni-san was able to handle all of Lilia-san’s attacks without
taking a single step, and Lilia-san failed in her as time ran out.

[...That wasn’t a bad match. I look forward to our next match.]

[Y-Yes... Thank you... very much.]

Breathing heavily, Lilia-san comes back looking tired.

[Lilia-san, are you alright?]

[Kaito-san... Yes, Agni-san, the Head of the War King’s Five Generals... Even
with a handicap, I still couldn’t do anything against her.]

[I mean, we watched the other challengers while waiting for Miyama-sama... and
it seems like “none of them managed to clear it”.]

[...Seriously...]

Agni-san, how relentless can you be? For no one to have managed to clear it...
Shuddering at what Lunamaria-san said, I spoke to Anima who was standing next to
me.

[...Anima, are you confident you can win?]

[Frustrating it may be... I don’t see any chance I can win. Compared to
Epsilon-san... Agni-san is in another dimension.]

[I see...]

It seems that Agni-san is so strong that even Anima said that she couldn’t win
against her even before trying. She’s definitely the strongest of the Five
Generals I’ve met so far... To be honest, if even Lilia-san can’t win, then the
only ones who I can ask to win on my behalf are Eden-san or Pandora-san...

After Agni-san finished repairing the areas broken after Lilia-san’s challenge,
she came up to me and greeted me with a deep bow.

[If it isn’t Miyama-sama. Welcome to my arena.]

[Ah, yes. Hello... Errr, I will be intruding here.]

[Thank you for your courteous greeting. I have already received reports from my
subordinates that you already have four oversized stamps... As expected of
Miyama-sama.]

[T-Thank you.]

[However, I have also been entrusted with this spot by Megiddo-sama. Please
understand that I won’t be cutting corners.]

[Y-Yes!]

How should I say this... It may be rude to say that this is unexpected, but
Agni-san seems to be a person who uses honorifics when she should. I mean, most
of the Five Generals don’t seem to be muscleheads huh... Well, Kong-san is a
different type of musclehead though...

Then, looking straight into my eyes, Agni-san quietly continued.

[Miyama-sama, please excuse my rudeness but I want to inform you something.]

[Eh? Ah, yes. Please tell me...]

[I’m sorry, Miyama-sama, but even with the maximum handicap, you cannot beat me.
I recommend that you have a proxy challenge me.]

[I-I understand.]

Well, I was originally planning on doing that but... What should I do? If I want
to beat Agni-san, the only proxy that I could really send is Eden-san and
Pandora-san. However, Pandora-san seemed to be busy and I didn’t want to
interrupt her work too much. That said, asking Eden-san is... In her case
though, I’m afraid that she might accidentally kill Agni-san or something. I’m
worried because Eden-san really thinks of the inhabitants of this world as
nothing more than insects.

However, hmmm. If I need to rely on one of them in the end, I guess I can call
Eden-san, who I can call right away huh? As for asking her to hold back, I’m
sure I can manage to ask her to do that if I ask hard enough...

Just as I was thinking about it, I heard an unfamiliar voice from behind me.

[...Then, let me be your proxy.]

[...Eh?]

Turning around at the sound of the voice, the first thought that popped into my
mind was “Who?”. Her semi-short hair is black on the inside and gray on the
outside, and her eyes are purple like an amethyst. She’s rather short, around
140cm, but the way she walks up to me with her arms crossed is truly imposing.
On the chest of her outfit, which looked like a skirt-type military uniform that
had been modified to look like formal wear, was a black badge that indicated
that she was my companion.

...Seriously, who the heck is she? I don’t recognize her at all...

The mysterious woman walked straight up to Agni-san and quietly staring at her,
she spoke.

[...I owe this man a great debt that I can never repay. I don’t think I can
repay even ten percent of it with something like this... I won’t be able to keep
my thoughts out of it if I don’t at least pay the interest. Therefore, I will
act as his proxy... Do you have any objections?]

[E-Errr... W-Who are you?]

[...Mnghh?! That idiot... She didn’t explain to you about me huh...]

The woman who had calmly declared that and asked for my confirmation stiffened
when she heard my question. A little while later, letting out a big sigh with
one hand on her head, she astoundedly muttered before turning towards me.

[My name is Iris... Iris Illuminus. Well, I’m sure you’d understand who I am if
I say “I’m that big idiot’s partner”.]

[...Eh?]

A mysterious woman suddenly appeared in my challenge with Agni. I’m pretty sure
I have never met her before but... Her name sounded familiar, or rather, if I’m
not mistaken, this person, Iris-san, was—Alice’s best friend.

Surprised by the appearance of Iris-san, who should have been deceased, I was
left speechless. Iris-san didn’t seem to mind though, as she looked at me with a
slight smile on her lips.

(Can you hear me?)

Eh? What’s this? A voice echoes in my head just like when I’m talking to
Shiro-san, is this Iris-san’s voice?

(It’s a kind of magic called Telepathy. There are some topics that are a little
troublesome for other people to hear about. You may not be able to reply to me,
but I will just give you a brief explanation.)

It seems that unlike Shiro-san, Iris-san can’t read my mind. So, since I haven’t
mastered Telepathy magic, this will be just a one-way conversation. I don’t
really mind about that, but talking about the explanation... I guess Iris-san
was talking about herself huh?

(You must have been surprised that I suddenly appeared without any explanation
from her, right? First of all, I’d like to apologize on behalf of that idiot.
I’m sorry.)

...Her tone sounds haughty, but unlike Alice, she is extremely courteous or
rather, she has the image of someone with good character. She particularly looks
like someone who would give me a good explanation for this kind of unexpected
situation...

(As you’ve probably heard to some extent, I’m someone that should have been dead
already. Though I said that, the fact that I appeared in front of you like this
is proof that I have not completely disappeared. Well, as for the current me, I
guess you could say that “I’m some kind of Spirit”...)

Hmmm. The way she phrased it, it doesn’t sound like she came back to life huh?
As I recall, Alice told me that Iris-san had put her spirit into her Heart Tool
and had been living inside Alice’s heart for a long time...

(I suppose it’s more like my body is made up of magic power... With the heart
tool as a core, I manifested in Alici... Alice’s “clone as the vessel”. Well, it
might still be early to say this, but the “experiment” that idiot mentioned
earlier is about my manifestation.)

Fumu, so the reason why she went to the trouble of creating that Perfect Clone
Alice, by deactivating several of her clones here and there, was to use it as a
vessel to materialize Iris-san. And then, the experiment seems to be a success
and Iris-san was able to materialize.

I don’t know much about the details, but I guess I could understand now why
Iris-san is here.

(I might be rushing through my explanations, but I hope you could understand a
little about me. Next, as to why I am here, acting as your proxy... I asked
Alice to let me do this.)

It seems that Iris-san will be explaining about my other doubts as well as she
continued.

(I owe you a debt of gratitude for saving my best friend. I’ve asked Alice
several times for an opportunity for me to repay this favor... and I’ve decided
to take this opportunity to do just that. Again, I apologize for startling you.
I hope you will understand that I am on your side.)

Unnn, it really feels like she’s an adult who has experienced a lot. She’s
really different from that big idiot, Alice, who didn’t explain anything
important to me. After Iris-san finished explaining some things and confirming
that I nodded in understanding, she turned to Agni-san and spoke.

[Sorry to keep you waiting... Now then, should I use that crystal ball to
measure my power level?]

[No, that won’t be necessary.]

[Houu...]

When Iris-san tried to touch the magic tool for measurement, Agni-san lightly
shook her head.

[I can tell that you are powerful by your overflowing magic power. The magic
tool won’t be able to measure those who possess too much magic power... I think
you wouldn’t need any handicap. However, “if you really want a handicap”, I’m
also fine with that.]

[...A handicap is something a strong person bears when fighting the weak. This
is the first time we’ve met. Thus, we still haven’t judged who is more powerful
than the other. At this point, it would be irrelevant to determine which of us
has to give the handicap, wouldn’t it?]

[...Can I take that as a sign of your confidence?]

[I should be the one asking that instead. If I don’t hold any confidence, do you
think I would challenge you?]

I kinda feel like sparks were flying between Agni-san and Iris-san. They were
exchanging words that quietly contained their fighting spirit, but I couldn’t
feel any dangerous atmosphere between them. They both perceive each other as
strong, but doesn’t it feel like they’re provoking each other?

[I see... You’re strong. Miyama-sama.]

[Eh? Yes.]

[May I ask you to move to the audience area? It seems like I won’t be able to
take it easy, so there’s a possibility that you will be injured. Please move to
the spectator seats, where the World King-sama has placed a protective ward.]

[I-I understand.]

Anticipating a fierce battle, Agni-san asked me to take refuge in the audience
area. Not wanting to go against her words, I obediently nodded and started
moving away. Thereupon, Iris-san looked at me and gently smiled.

[Don’t worry, I’ll bring you victory without any problems.]

[Declaring your victory even before the battle starts huh... That’s a bad idea
for you. You’ll just embarrass yourself when you lose, you know?]

[I don’t intend to lose but... Well, let me apologize first. It’s been a long
time since I’ve been in a battle, so I’m afraid I may make a mistake in the
amount of force I can use. My apologies, but you’ll have to defend yourself to
the death.]

[Well, thank you for your advice... However, in this place... I’ll make sure
you’ll regret “underestimating” me.]

The two warriors’ sharp fighting spirits clashed with each other, as if the air
itself had turned into a blade. I-I have a feeling this is going to be a great
fight.

[E-Errr... Good luck, Iris-san!]

[Umu, I’ve certainly received those words. I’ll definitely offer this victory to
you.]

After conveying my words of support to Iris-san, I headed for the spectator
seats with Lilia-san and the others.

---

The five Count-rank Demons known as the War King’s Five Generals, just like the
War King Megiddo, have their own aesthetics for battle... they have things
they’re obsessed upon. For example, Bacchus, one of the War King’s Five
Generals, prides himself on coming forward before a battle and not turning his
back on his opponent, no matter how strong the opponent is.

Agni, the Head of the War King’s Five Generals places a high value on proper
decorum in battle. Even though many of the War King’s subordinates are
considered to be lawless, she has placed strict rules upon herself. In a fight,
she will allow her opponent to make the first move if she fights someone weaker,
and if she’s the weaker one, she will make her move first. In her own words,
“The challenger should get the first move”.

And for this battle, facing Iris, Agni kicked the ground as the battle began.
This is evidence that Agni is aware that Iris is superior to her, and that she
is aware that she’s the one weaker here...

Agni’s fighting style is very simple. She uses her extremely strengthened body
in a physical battle. Closing the distance between them in an instant, Agni
swung her fist, clad in burning flames, at Iris. As Iris took a large leap to
the side, Agni’s fist cut through the air, hitting the ground and creating a
huge crater in the ground.

(...She’s fast. But... why? Why did she evade that greatly just to dodge my
strike? What’s the point of doing that?)

She had expected Iris to evade her punch, but noticing how different the way she
evaded from what she expected, Agni thought for a moment. Whether Iris was
aiming for something... However, Iris didn’t seem to be trying to do anything,
and she looked rather surprised instead. After a moment’s thought, Agni
approached again and swung her fist, to which Iris greatly evaded.

After several rounds of exchanges, Agni felt something was amiss.

(Her physical abilities don’t match up with her movements? With her speed, it
wouldn’t have been surprising if she had counterattacked several times already
but... What in the world is this?)

Up to this point, Iris had completely surpassed Agni in terms of speed... But
all she does is evade and isn’t fighting back at all. With a dubious look on her
face, Agni stopped in her tracks and looked at Iris as she was being swung
around by her own body.

(Almost as if she doesn’t know what her own body is capable of... How is this
possible for someone of her caliber? No, that isn’t likely at all... Then, is
that strange movement a condition for activating some kind of special magic?)

Thinking that Iris’ overly exaggerated evasion has some kind of reason behind
it, Agni became more cautious but... her prediction that she dismissed as
impossible was actually the right answer. Yes, Iris was currently being swung
around by her own body. That’s because...

(What the heck is this idiotic physical ability?! That big idiot, what kind of
nonsensical specs did she put on my vessel?!)

Alice has prepared a clone that is almost as powerful as her real body... And
thus, her vessel’s physical abilities were too great for Iris to control. Even
if the body she controls has the world’s strongest specs, it has been tens of
thousands of years since Iris, the one piloting this body, last fought. In a
sense, it was inevitable that her movements would be awkward.

[...In the first place, I’m not very good at melee combat.]

[Mnhh?]

[I guess I really shouldn’t fight in ways I’m ill-suited for... Well, I’m
worried if I’m able to properly hold back with this body, but let’s just return
back to fighting in the way I’m used to.]

[?!]

After taking a large distance from Agni, Iris quietly announced... before a vast
number of magic circles appeared in the sky.

[Heed my royal decree. My army, my swordsmen, gather, line up, and destroy the
fools who stand before me! Calamity Doombringer!]

[Tsk?!]

With her chant, the magic circle emitted strong light, and from it, swords
formed with jet-black magic power were released all at once toward Agni. The
swords, each one formed with an enormous amount of magic power, rained down on
the area like a carpet bomb, and an explosion that filled one’s vision enveloped
the surroundings. However, Agni is a strong woman who has fought in many
battles. When a sword was released from the magic circle, she immediately
started running and avoided the attacks that were pouring down on her. She
immediately saw that the magic had the property of tracking the target to some
extent, so she ran around the arena while avoiding the rain of swords.

Not only that, she also tried to approach Iris to attack her through this rain
of swords, but Iris didn’t move from her spot, only turning her palm in Agni’s
direction.

[Hill of fools, jet-black earth, blades lurking in the shadows, seeking flesh
and blood...]

[Like I will let you!]

Trying to stop her from chanting again, Agni powerfully kicked the ground and
headed for Iris... but...

[Wh... at...]

As she charged toward Iris, Agni’s fist was blocked by a solid wall more than a
big step away from Iris.

(A spherical barrier made with magic power?! What the heck is this idiotic
strength?!)

Iris Illuminus... Her specialty in combat can be said to be very simple, just
like Agni. She uses a large amount of magic power to create a magic barrier that
blocks the opponent’s attacks, and then crushes them with wide-range magic
possessing high firepower. In the past, when she was a human, Iris’ best friend
described her with one word... “Fortress”.

[...Before my finger stands the Sacrifice. Devour, Gluttony Shadow Edge!]

[Guuhhhh?!]

With the completion of her chant, thousands and thousands of jet-black blades
shot out from the ground and filled the arena, piercing Agni’s magical barrier
and nicking her body in wounds several times, causing her to fall on one knee.

A spherical omnidirectional barrier that blocks even the fists of Agni, the Head
of the Five Generals. A firepower so wide that there is no place to escape and
powerful enough to crush Agni’s defenses. It’s simple... but this simplicity
makes it difficult for someone weaker than her to defeat her.

[...I’m slightly getting accustomed to my body. I’m going to increase the
firepower even more now... I think you should tread with caution!]

[...Kuhhh...]

The figure of Iris, who was gently floating up with her magic barrier deployed,
as she kneaded her magic power in her hands... It was truly like a moving
fortress.

10 minutes passed from the start of the battle between Iris, Kaito’s proxy, and
Agni, the Head of the War King’s Five Generals... and the battle has stopped in
a standstill. In terms of simple ability, Iris, who has almost the same power as
the Phantasmal King, outperforms Agni by a considerable margin. With such a
power difference, the battle wouldn’t have been prolonged. In fact, if Alice
herself had been fighting, Agni’s consciousness would have sunk into the
darkness within seconds.

However, the reality is that the battle between Iris and Agni stopped at a
standstill. The main reason for this is that Iris couldn’t completely control
her own body. Before she died, Iris was originally one of the best in her former
world... but it was only within the realm of “Humanity”. This isn’t the case
with Alice, who has spent tens of thousands of years and has completely mastered
her monstrous physical abilities. What Iris is feeling now is that when she
regained consciousness, her body was suddenly much stronger than it used to be.
In addition, Iris has been out of practice for tens of thousands of years, so in
other words, she’s like an amateur who was suddenly made to ride a G\*ndam.

And now, Iris couldn’t move... Unable to control her own body, she could barely
fight as a fixed turret, which was what she was good at before her death. Even
so, if it had been against an ordinary warrior, she would have won immediately.
However, even if her strength is incomparable to the Six Kings, Agni was still
one of the best in the world and she had a vast amount of combat experience. She
also knows how to fight against opponents more powerful than her.

The sound of blows striking against the barrier Iris put up... Just as Iris
thought Agni’s fist would collide with her barrier, Agni took a large distance
away before Iris could even look at her. Hit-and-run... Deploying a powerful
barrier consumes a certain amount of magic power. It was a standard practice to
keep exhausting the magic power of a constantly deployed barrier, and Agni had
the power to do it. Of course, Iris wasn’t going to sit back and just let her
attack. Unleashing Maximum Magic so that Agni won’t be able to run away... a
counterattack that affects the entire attack. A jet-black ball of magic power
flew from the heavens as if to crush the arena, but Agni concentrated her magic
power to the utmost limit in her fist and evaded it by punching out a section of
the magic ball.

Since Iris couldn’t use Chantless Magic, Agni had more than enough time to knead
her magic power, and thanks to that, she had been able to handle Iris’ attacks
so far.

(...Excellent. What a refined warrior she is. If I had fought with her with my
body back when I was alive, I would have been killed in a blink of an eye.)

Gazing at Agni’s efficient fighting style, Iris admires her skill in her mind.
And at the same time, a faint smile began to appear on Iris’ lips.

[You call yourself Agni, right? A well-trained body and the skill to make full
use of her strengths... I give you my generous praise.]

[...Thank you. You’ve got a lot of power, but you don’t seem to be used to
fighting huh?]

[Ahh, I’m sorry... It’s been an incredibly long time since I last fought. I
can’t move my body like I want to.]

[And yet, you’re challenging me in such a state... You’re really underestimating
me.]

Agni is not an opponent that can be pushed out by the difference in physical
ability alone. After nodding to Agni’s words, Iris slightly tugged her chin and
bowed her head.

[...I don’t have anything to refute. I have certainly underestimated you...
Thinking that “I don’t need to be serious to win”... My apologies.]

[Did I hear you correctly? Did you just say that you’ve been going easy on me
until now?]

[...Yeah, that’s what I said. And now, I’ll be going at it at full strength!]

[?!]

A fierce smile appeared on Iris’ lips, soon after, black magic power began to
spin around her body like a vortex.

[Awaken, Tyrannical Beast sleeping within mine heart——Rip the earth with thy
black claws, devour the sky with thy black fangs—Thou are the predator, the
Beast of the End, bringing ruin to the heaven and earth——]

[Another chant magic? No, what in the world is this...]

A voice that seemed to echo through the space came out of Iris’ mouth, and in
response, her magic power blew like a storm, gradually converging on a single
point.

[——Fangs of my heart, burst forth!——Reveal thyself! Magic Staff!
——“_Apocalypse_”!!!]

With the powerfully uttered words, the black magic power takes on a definite
shape. It was a huge staff, more than twice Iris’ height... Looking at it, one
could see its black, sinister shape looking like sharp fangs.

[A magic that creates a weapon? However, this dreadful amount of magic power...]

Looking at the staff covered with overflowing dense magic power, Agni muttered
in astonishment. Her body, with its vast amount of combat experience, was
fiercely warning her—That the thing Iris was holding is dangerous.

[Now then, with this unleashed, I won’t be able to hold back anymore... Show me
how you would struggle to survive!]

[Guhh?!]

[The twilight bell tolls, listen to the song of destruction as the Beast of the
End roars.]

The ability of Iris’ heart tool, _Apocalypse_, is very simple. _Apocalypse_
explosively increases the amount of magic power poured into it. Increasing the
tremendous amount of magic power hundreds and thousands of times... The
strongest attack that can be unleashed with this staff, a Bombardment-type
Maximum Magic bearing such a name, is truly a tyrannical blow that swallows up
and obliterates everything in its path.

[Swallow, Tyrannical Beast——_Apocalypse_!]

A flash of black light filled everyone’s field of vision from the giant staff in
Iris’ hand. Seeing the incoming attack, Agni’s eyes widened and stiffened.

(What... is this... this abnormal magic destiny... Defend against that?
Impossible. I would be obliterated without even the slightest resistance.
...Evading ...It’s no good. Exposed before this magic power, my body won’t
move... I’ll die...)

In the face of the oncoming bombardment of the Maximum Magic, Agni was convinced
that she was going to die... but that didn’t happen. Alice, who suddenly
appeared in front of Agni, caught the incoming magic bombardment and “flipped it
into the sky”...

After making sure that the blow, which had completely scraped the ground of the
arena, subsided, Alice shouted to Iris.

[What are you doing, idiot Iris?! If you shoot it with your current magic power,
it will “vanish everything beyond the horizon”!!!]

[...S-Sorry. I also didn’t expect it to be this powerful...]

Hearing Alice’s words, Iris obediently apologized. Even she didn’t expect it to
be so powerful, and she thought she had killed Agni the moment she shot her
blast, so she had no words to argue. Well, part of the reason why this happened
is Alice, who prepared a vessel with an abnormal amount of magic power...

[Hahhh... Errr... Agni-san. Are you alright?]

[Phantasmal King-sama... Yes, thank you very much.]

[No, I’m really sorry. This fortress girl with breasts as flat as one had a
tendency to lose control when she’s having fun in battle...]

After Alice apologized to the still stunned Agni, Iris also approached Agni and
bowed to her.

[I’m sorry. I almost ended up killing you... I apologize from the bottom of my
heart.]

[...No, there’s no need to apologize. If I had been killed by that blow, it was
only because I was inexperienced. It is not your fault. Rather, “you can say
that the real battle starts when I die once”... Well, as far as this battle is
concerned, the rules state that when I die once, I lose.]

Peak Count-ranks are basically immortals. Agni is no exception to this rule, as
even if she were vaporized without a trace, she would still be able to revive
herself in a few seconds. Battles for beings of their level would take several
days or months to finally settle, but this is an event with a set of rules in
place, so in the event of death, it will be Agni’s defeat.

[Anyhow, that was a great battle. I thank you from the bottom of my heart.]

[...Thank me?]

[Yes, it made me realize that I’m still inexperienced. I never intended to be
arrogant, but I had somehow become conceited. For there to be people I don’t
know to be this powerful... F-Fufufu, my blood boils at the thought. After the
Six Kings Festival ends, I’ll start training from scratch again.]

[I-I see...]

As War King’s subordinate, Agni is just like Megiddo, having the thought that
those who hold the power are right. With fire blazing in her eyes, Agni held out
her hand for a handshake.

[Iris-dono, for the great fight, I give you my heartfelt gratitude... You have
won this time. However, I will train myself again and one day, I will definitely
challenge you again. When that time comes, I hope you’ll fight me with all your
strength again!]

[U-Umu... Got it.]

[Thank you! Ahh, today is a great day! To be able to meet a strong person like
this is my greatest fortune!!!]

Even though she felt slightly bewildered because of Agni’s sweltering
excitement, Iris nodded her head and shook her hand.

(Oi, Alici... Alice! Is this something normal for War King’s subordinates?!)

(...To be honest, most of them are like this... They’re all battle junkies.
That’s why our Pandora doesn’t like War King’s subordinates. She doesn’t like
how they’re excited about battle...)

Thus, the battle between Iris and Agni ended with Iris’ victory. However, Agni’s
fighting spirit was ignited by this, and she will be challenging her quite often
in the future... But well, that’s a story for another time.

---

Iris-san defeated Agni-san, and I got my fifth oversized stamp on my stamp card.
This means that I have won the right to challenge Megiddo-san...

[Congratulations, Miyama-sama. You now have the right to fight Megiddo-sama,
who’s waiting in the Central Tower. Now, I have things I need to let you know
before challenging Megiddo-sama.]

[Things I need to know?]

After stamping my stamp card, Agni-san told me that there were some things I
needed to take note of.

[Yes. In challenging Megiddo-sama... “You won’t be able to send a proxy”. This
will be a one-on-one match between the one possessing the stamp card and
Megiddo-sama.]

[...E-Errr...]

[But you don’t have to worry... I’m sure Miyama-sama is well-aware of
Megiddo-sama’s principles, but Megiddo-sama will not play a game that his
opponent has no chance of winning. I’m sure that Miyama-sama will be presented
with a method of victory that even Miyama-sama has a chance of winning.]

Speaking of which, that would certainly be the case. Whenever Megiddo-san
engages in a match, he always fights in a way that his opponent has a chance to
win. That’s also why I was able to win our previous match... the drinking
contest. In that case, I guess I can be relieved that we won’t be having a
fistfight... Unnn, seriously, I’m relieved that wasn’t the case.

[Now then, if you will excuse me, I will accept the challenge of another
challenger. Miyama-sama, I wish you good luck.]

[Ah, yes. Thank you very much.]

Bowing to me once, Agni-san moved on to take on the next challenger. After
confirming this, I moved to where Lilia-san and the others were.

[With this, Kaito-san can now challenge War King-sama, right?]

[Milady, according to Phantasmal King-sama’s guidebook, we can watch the battle
against the War King-sama. What do you think? How about we all watch
Miyama-sama’s gallant figure...]

[Lunamaria-san, it seems like you’re really having fun huh...]

I feel like Lunamaria-san is very lively after all the things happening. Does
she really want to see me suffer? No, well, it’s certainly... just like
Lunamaria-san huh.

[Lu-chan _loves_ Miyama-san after all, so she wants to be close by to cheer you
on~]

[Mom?! What the heck are you talking about?!]

[Eh? Am I wrong?]

[I-Isn’t that obvious?! W-Why should I be cheering for Miyama-sama...]

[But Lu-chan always actively teases the one you lo—Mghuuu?!]

[Wha! Could you just shut up for a moment?!]

Noir-san started to leisurely say something, but Lunamaria-san flusteredly
covered her mouth with her hand and I couldn’t catch the latter half of what she
said. However, unnnn. Let’s not tell anyone that I was a little embarrassed by
the contents of the things I heard.

As I was watching their exchange, Iris, who was talking with Alice at a little
distance, approached me.

[Ahh, Iris-san. Thank you very much!]

[Your thanks is unneces—No, I guess it’s polite to accept it huh... Anyway,
Kaito. Can I talk to you for a moment?]

[Eh? Ah, yes. I’m fine with it.]

[It’s not something I really want others to hear about, so come with me...]

After saying that, Iris-san began to move away, and I followed her after
notifying Lilia-san and the others.

Walking a few distance towards the back of the arena, when we reached an
unpopulated area, Iris turned to me and spoke.

[I’d like to introduce myself again. I’m Iris Illuminus.]

[Yes, errr, I’m Miyama Kaito.]

[Umu... Well, in that telepathic conversation, I was the only one speaking so...
I guess there are things you’re wondering about?]

Apparently, Iris-san had moved to a place like this where there were no other
people to answer my questions. She certainly was rushing about explaining things
at that time, and there were also things that she couldn’t say because Lilia-san
and the others were nearby.

[...Errr, you’re Alice’s best friend... right?]

[Ahh, well, yes... Being her best friend certainly brings me some headaches, but
you’re not wrong.]

Iris-san’s voice sounded gentle as she affirmed my words with a somewhat
dumbfounded chuckle, and I could tell that she cared about Alice.

[Iris-san... Errr, did you come back to life?]

[No, I wouldn’t describe it as coming back to life... You could say that I’m a
being of magic power residing in a heart tool. Let’s see, if I were to define
myself based on your world, I guess you could say that I’m a tsukumogami. My
body would still be... the Heart Tool _Apocalypse_.]

[I-I see... But you should be able to act like a normal human like this...]

[Actually, there’s still a problem regarding that\~\~]

[Alice?]

As Iris-san gave me a brief explanation, Alice appeared and shook her head with
a sigh.

[...A problem?]

[Hmmm. Well, I still have some assignments to research... Iris, I guess it’s
still no good huh?]

[Yeah, it’s no good. “I really won’t be able to recover my magic power”... I can
certainly treat the magic power used to prepare this vessel as my own, but I
can’t seem to generate new magic power.]

[Ahh\~\~ I knew it huh. Even if you’re using that clone as your vessel now, that
body is still considered as mine huh... I guess that’s my assignment from now
on.]

Apparently, Iris-san hasn’t completely resurrected yet. From what I heard from
the two of them, Iris-san is unable to generate her own magic power. As she
consumes magic power, the lesser the magic power in her body is, and when her
magic power runs out, she will not be able to maintain her body. In other words,
they’re looking for a way to charge her body.

[Yeah, I’m fine with just swapping out bodies though...]

[But in that case, it was just being patient with something of a lesser
quality... It’s not very efficient in terms of magic power conversation, and if
we’re going with that method, I think it would be better if we just
pseudo-convert the magic particles in the air...]

[But then, along with the consumption needed to convert magic power, the amount
that can be recovered is actually very small, isn’t it? What about absorbing it
instead? However, would that be too much for the vessel...]

[Well, particle substitution... No, super generation is...]

[...]

I don’t have any idea what the heck they’re talking about. At any rate, I kind
of understand that it will take some time for Iris-san to be completely
resurrected.

[I mean, I know that you’re actually smart... but hearing Alice talking like a
smart person feels kind of weird.]

[Wait, Kaito-san?! You’re speaking out your thoughts, you know?!]

It seems like I had unintentionally said what I was thinking, and Alice reacted
very quickly.

[I’ll be saying this for your information, but Alice-chan is super smart and is
totally an intellectual! When I wear my glasses, it would be quite a disaster,
you know? I won’t be able to stop my intelligence from overflowing!]

[...You’re acting like an idiot now.]

[Like an idiot?!]

[That’s because she is an idiot.]

[Shut it there, flattie.]

[You do realize that the body I’m using is your clone, right?!]

She’s acting like the usual Alice... Maybe it’s because Iris was here, but she
somehow seems to be enjoying herself more than usual. I guess that’s really
because they’ve been best friends for so long after all.

[Well, that aside... It seems that you really can’t use the specs of that body,
so I guess I’ll make some adjustments.]

[Yeah, that would be better. Adjusting to this body is too difficult. What would
have happened if the battle earlier had been a real one?]

[If it had been a real battle, Iris would 100% lose that battle. Agni-san is
“holding back quite a lot” after all.]

[Eh? Is that so?!]

It was a tremendous battle almost invisible to me, but with the atmosphere they
had, I kinda felt like Iris-san was dominating. However, Alice sounded as if she
was saying Agni-san was stronger than Iris-san. And Iris-san herself seemed to
be somewhat convinced by those words.

[...I did feel like that was the case. I was fighting with all my might, but
her... I think she’s probably fighting on the basis that “she doesn’t destroy
the venue”. Am I right?]

[You’re about right. Although she’s a battle maniac, she’s the type of person
who separates public and private matters, and this time, she was only performing
within the limits given to her by Megiddo-san as part of her job. Well, with
Agni-san’s character, she would probably say “Even though restrictions may have
been in place, if I fought as hard as I could under those conditions and lost, I
was undeniably defeated”, but in a real fight, the current Iris has no chance
against her.]

Indeed, if you think about it, Iris-san is a former human. Of course, she was
probably strong beyond comparison for people like me, but still, Count-ranks are
just on a different level. No matter how physically fit Alice’s body is, she
probably isn’t someone you can deal with by just having that.

[The current Iris is currently rated as a mid Count-rank in terms of physical
ability and magic power alone. Of course, that counts you as one of the best in
the world, but that doesn’t make you able to fight a serious battle against any
of the Six Kings’ executives until you learn various things regarding high-level
battles.]

[...Fumu, well, I’ll learn more about that in time.]

After nodding to Alice’s words, Iris-san looked as if she suddenly remembered
something and asked.

[...By the way, Alice. There’s something I need to ask you.]

[Unnn? What is it?]

[...Why did you hide about me from Kaito?]

[Ahh, I’m wondering about that too.]

Alice had mentioned the word “experiment” at the Opening Ceremony, so I guess
she had already decided to give Iris-san a physical body by that point. If that
was the case, she should have told me beforehand so I wouldn’t have been so
surprised...

[After all... This way is far more interesting! Also, to be honest, “I’m the one
who instigated Pandora!”]

[...]

[...]

[Well\~\~ Kaito-san’s surprised face really is the be—Fugyaaahhh?!]

I see, unnn. Alice really is the same as always... In that case, a scolding it
is.

[K-Kaito-san. Y-Your eyes look scary, you know? L-Look\~\~ It’s your cute
lover\~\~]

[So you’re the reason why Pandora-san is like that huh...]

[Kaito, let me help you with that... This idiot’s character needs a good
beating.]

[Thank you, Iris-san.]

[Eh? What is that sense of solidarity... N-No way\~\~ It’s just a bit of
mischievouMigyaaahhh?!]

As Iris-san joined in on scolding her, Alice clearly began to break out in cold
sweat. Thus, having gained the common goal of scolding Alice, I felt an
inexplicable sense of friendship between us as Iris-san and I began to lecture
the idiot.

---

In one of the Teleportation Magic Circles set up in the Central Tower... A magic
circle that can only be used by those who have collected five oversized stamps.
Watching as Lilia-san and the others make their way to the adjacent auditorium
by the magic circle, I nervously stepped on top of the magic circle. Closing my
eyes from the sudden burst of dazzling light, when I opened my eyes... I was met
with a tremendous sight. It was a huge arena, just like a dome stadium. There
were many people in the audience seats and the air even seemed to tremble from
their enthusiasm. And in the middle of the arena, Megiddo-san, with his
overwhelming presence, was waiting for me.

...Now, wait a moment there, why the heck are there so many spectators here?!

Isn’t that strange? I mean, I only finished collecting the oversized stamps
about 30 minutes ago, and it was obviously unnatural for so many people to be
here. No, in the first place, where the heck did these people get their
information... wait, I guess I didn’t have to think about it too much... There
is only one person who can communicate information to so many people in such a
short time. That idiot... What the heck is she doing?!

Seeing the me who’s stunned by the sheer number of spectators, Megiddo-san
happily smiled.

[You’re here! Kaito! I’ve been waiting for you! I knew that you would definitely
come!!!]

[T-Thanks...]

Even if Megiddo-san isn’t as big as a building, he’s still as big as a two-story
house, and facing him like this, I realized once again how intimidating he is.

[Hahaha, I’m looking forward to our match! Alright, let’s get things started!!!]

[...Y-Yes.]

As if in response to Megiddo-san’s fighting spirit, the blazing red flames all
over his body rose and the magic power released from his body was shaking the
air. H-Hey, you’re really going to make it so that I can win this battle, right?
You’re making it sound like we’re having a serious battle, but we’re not really
going to hit each other, right?

[It’s a “three-game” match! Whoever gets two of them wins... Simple, right?]

[Y-Yes, it is.]

[Alright! Then, the first match will be... an “Art Battle”!]

[...Art?]

Arts, he said... You mean drawing, painting, or something like that? No, no,
wait a moment... I was just a _so-so_ in art back in high school... It doesn’t
look like I can win in this battle at all, you know?!

[Well then, here are the rules! Both of us have one hour to make a “clay
sculpture”, and the theme will be “living creatures”... The judges will be my
subordinates. You don’t have to worry, for they will be judging fairly. Rather,
if they dare show favorability in their grading, “I’ll be killing them”.]

[...]

Unnn, no, well, I don’t think Megiddo-san would ever cheat in matches... but
that’s not the point, you know?! Clay sculpture? W-Well\~\~ This is impossible,
don’t you think? I can’t do anything three-dimensional. Making a
three-dimensional here... the only result I could see is me having to face my
greatest embarrassment in front of everyone here, you know?! I mean, isn’t
Megiddo-san good at art too?! I’ve seen him make that amazing sculpture
before... Seriously, do I really stand a chance in this match? Hey, do you
really think so?

In front of the dumbfounded me, Megiddo-san transformed into a human form,
probably so that he could work on the small details of his sculpture. As the
clay and tools were brought in front of us, I heard a voice resounding from what
seemed to be Loudspeaker Magic.

&lt;_Now, the match is finally about to begin. The challenger, Miyama Kaito will
be facing the War King Megiddo in a three-game match... I, “The Phantasmal King,
No Face”, will be giving live commentary._&gt;

What the heck is that idiot doing now?! Why are you just nonchalantly doing live
commentary there? Are you an idiot? ...I guess she was unquestionably an idiot
huh.

&lt;_And then, the analysis will be provided by the “God of Fate,
Fate-san”._&gt;

&lt;_...Hey? This is really troublesome, so can I go home already?_&gt;

&lt;_...Ummm, Fate-san? The match has just begun, you know? No matter how lazy
you are, isn’t that a bit too fast?_&gt;

That’s a complete mistake of personnel you’ve chosen there, don’t you think?!
Why, of all people, did you choose Fate-san to do something?! That person would
definitely not give any commentary!!!

&lt;_Now then, the first match was an art battle. And so, Analyst Fate-san. What
do you think of this match?_&gt;

&lt;_...Hey, Shallt... “No-chan”? Can I sleep here?_&gt;

&lt;_You can eat your cookies there, so please just try a little harder!_&gt;

&lt;_Haahhh... Even though I was lured by the “1/1 Kai-chan doll”, it’s still
troublesome... Well, I guess you really need to work for it if you want to get
the good stuff huh?_&gt;

Oi, wait a moment there... Why do I feel like I heard an item that I can’t
ignore? After this battle, I guess I will need to have a long talk with Alice.

&lt;_Wait, Fate-san. Could you please stop right there... Didn’t I tell you that
information about that secret item is confidential?! You’ve just raised a death
flag on top of my head, you know?! Kaito-san is already looking at me like an
oni, you know?!_&gt;

&lt;_Oooiiii\~\~ Kai-chaaaan\~\~ Do your best\~\~\~_&gt;

&lt;_You’re not listening at all?!_&gt;

Hey, can someone please stop those two? Fate-san too, this is not the time for
you to be waving at me with a smile, you know?! Even though this is a match
whose odds are totally against me... Before the match even began, I’m already
receiving quite the mental damage here?! Seriously... Can anyone please help
me...

&lt;_Eh? Arehh? “Kuro-san”? Eh, wait... You’re asking me to go there? ...N-No,
I’m doing the live commentary here... Eh? If I don’t quickly go there, you’ll
grind me to pieces...? I-I-I understand._&gt;

&lt;_Underworld King?! I’m totally different from her! I’m honestly an earnest
person, okay?!_&gt;

&lt;_Wait, Fate-san?! You traitor..._&gt;

&lt;_...Erhem. Now then, since the Phantasmal King is brought out of the room,
I’ll take the lead for a while. The theme for this match is living creatures...
It’s a pretty broad topic, so it’s going to be important to decide what to make.
However, they don’t have much time either, so if they were to choose a
complicated creature, that will be a great failure._&gt;

Kuro, thanks. For taking out the most troublesome of them all... I don’t know if
it’s because she was afraid of Kuro or not, but Fate-san also began to seriously
explain, which made me feel relaxed for a bit.

[Alright then, Kaito! Let’s get started!!!]

[Y-Yes... I’ll be in your care.]

[In that case, let the games begin!!!]

And so, the three-game match between Megiddo-san and I began.

Fifty minutes had already passed since the clay sculpture competition with
Megiddo-san had started. It seemed that our workbenches were designed in a way
that the people outside can’t see what we were making, so neither Megiddo-san
and I can see what the other is making. In the arena, perhaps to pass the time,
several performances were shown and the crowd was very excited.

The clay sculpture I’m working on now... The theme is about “living creatures”,
so I chose a “dog” as my subject. To be honest, I think that if an amateur tries
to make something too elaborate, they would obviously fail. So, I chose a
subject that was as simple as possible, and spent my time improving the
sculpture’s quality. I think it’s a good decision I made back then. With only 10
minutes left, I looked at my sculpture, which was nearing completion, and one
thought came to my mind.

...What the hell is this? This... “creepy creature”...

“Skin as lumpy as crags”, “legs that looked like a squashed fruit”, “face that
is so close to the ground for some reason”, “a tail... that doesn’t look like a
tail at all, looking more like a weird stick stuck on clay”... What the heck am
I even making? No matter how I look at it objectively, it looks like a creature
that doesn’t live on Earth.

Unnn. Well, I knew it... I’m really no good at making three-dimensional objects.
I don’t know what the heck I was thinking when I created this thing... this
sorrowful monster. I guess it really was a bad idea to “lump more clay over my
work” so that I could adjust the shape huh. It was about 20 centimeters at the
beginning, but now, it has swollen to about “5 times” its size... Adding up too
much unnecessary stuff also ends up in failure. Well, I feel like a typical
amateur but... If I knew what I was doing while I was making it, I wouldn’t have
had any trouble. The end result of my actions... is “some kind of weird
rock-like creature”. Let’s declare it now. Unless the eyes of all the judges are
rotten, there’s no way I can win with this.

&lt;_Now then, we have 5 minutes left. This is everyone’s beloved Phantasmal
King-chan, finally back at last. To be honest, there’s a scary person still
watching me behind my back, so I’m going to give a serious Live commentary here.
Well then, Analyst Fate-san, would you tell us your predictions on who will
win?_&gt;

&lt;_Hmmm. The War King is also quite famous for his art. It is rumored that his
sculptures are especially great, so I think the War King has the advantage here
based on his experience... B-By the way, can’t you do something about... that
scary person behind us?_&gt;

&lt;_That’s impossible. She’s completely watching over me with eyes that tell me
“the next time I mess around again, she’ll crush me to pieces”, so we don’t have
any choice but to do this seriously._&gt;

Alice, who had returned back from Kuro’s severe scolding before I knew it, told
us how much time we had left. Apparently, Kuro is keeping an eye on them in the
back, which is very reassuring. However, unnn... 5 more minutes huh... I don’t
think there’s anything I can do about this anymore. No matter what I do, I can
only see a future where this thing would look worse than it already is. Isn’t
there any way I can win this match?

As I waited, thinking about this, I heard the sound of a bell announcing that
the time of making the sculpture had ended.

&lt;_Times\~\~ up\~\~! Thank you for your hard work. Well then, let’s start
showing off to everyone what you made!_&gt;

...I already lost this match, so can we just go to the next one without having
to show this monstrosity to the public?

&lt;_Well then, first up would be from War King, Megiddo-san!_&gt;

[Ohh!]

Hearing the announcement of the Live commentator Alice, Megiddo-san removed the
boards that were hiding his work. Thereupon, what appeared from there was...

&lt;_Whoa?! Isn’t that quite the beauty! Glossy jet-black scales, sharp
fangs..._&gt;

&lt;_...It’s a Night Metal Dragon. Mhmm, that’s amazing. It looks just like the
real thing._&gt;

Megiddo-san created a dragon about 30 centimeters long... As if every single
scale had been carefully polished, its entire body seemed to glow a dull shine,
and the sculpture’s intensity was so great that even I, who had never seen the
original creature, felt overwhelmed. Well, this is no good. His sculpture is
just too great... Even with all the muscles loaded in your hands, you did such
delicate work?! Seriously, Megiddo-san’s amazing. I knew it, there was no way I
could win in this situation.

[What do you think, Kaito?! I’m pretty confident with what I made today!]

[I-It’s amazing...]

No, no, you can’t even consider this a match, you know?! It’s like you’re
putting a kindergartener’s school project next to a master’s work of art, you
know?! I knew I really shouldn’t exhibit my work...

&lt;_Now then, the next one would be the challenger Kaito-san! Please show
everyone what you did!_&gt;

[...]

I kinda don’t really want to though. Showing this monstrosity before the eyes of
everyone in this place... However, now that it’s been declared, I can’t not
publish it. As my hands trembled, I fearfully removed the blinds covering my
work... and revealed to everyone this tragic, or perhaps, this laughable
creature.

&lt;_Oh? Hmmm? This is..._&gt;

The voice of the live commentator sounded bewildered... Unnn, just go kill me
already. Feeling an inexplicable sense of shame, I fearfully looked at my
opponent, Megiddo-san... and saw him staring at me with his eyes widened. Is he
astonished at how badly I did it? Just as I was thinking that, Megiddo-san fell
on his knees for some reason and put his hands on the ground.

[...It’s... my “loss”.]

...Huh? Why?

[M-Megiddo-sama?! T-The judges still haven’t...]

For some reason, Megiddo-san declared his defeat and several Demons who seemed
to be judges rushed over to him. Unnn, what they’re asking is right. I mean, I
don’t know what’s going on either.

[You idiots! Look at it, Kaito’s work!]

[...Eh? T-That is... could it be?!]

[...Rough outer shell that looks like a rock, its distinctive “long neck”...]

[I-I can’t be mistaken! This is definitely...!]

[ [ [ Gun Rock Dragon !!! ] ] ]

...No, you’re wrong... that’s a dog.

[W-What a quality! Even this neck, stretching out as if roaring to the heavens,
looks powerful!]

...No, that’s the tail.

[Its distinctive “round tail” is also beautifully reproduced!]

No, that’s the head, you know...

[H-However, don’t you think there are lots of “pointless parts” for it to
actually be a Gun Rock Dragon?]

[Are you stupid?! Look closely, that isn’t its body! That’s the “background!]

[I-I see! That unnatural space was actually depicting the “ravine” huh!!!]

...Those are the dog’s feet!!! Megiddo-san too, what kind of nonsense are you
talking about?! I mean, what does this work seriously look like in your eyes?!

[M-Moreover, look at that! A-Aren’t those “wings”?!]

[T-That’s impossible! Gun Rock Dragons aren’t supposed to have wings, you know?]

[...if it’s “Real” Gun Rock Dragons, that is.]

[ [ [ ?! ] ] ]

No, no, this is strange. Why the heck do you look so smug saying that,
Megiddo-san? Also, why the heck do the judges have faces that seem to say “I
never thought of that”?! If the real dragon doesn’t have wings... Wouldn’t that
mean a deduction in points instead?

[...This is an art competition. In other words, that is... his work is...]

[Yeah, I understand. I can now clearly see it... as to why Megiddo-sama declared
his defeat...]

[A majestic ravine, and a Gun Rock Dragon with powerful wings, staring up at the
heavens... What he made is...]

[ [ [ A Gun Rock Dragon About to Fly to the Skies !!! ] ] ]

...All of you, did your eyes get rotten? All of you aren’t even close to knowing
what I made! Not entirely close! H-Hey, as expected, the stream of this
situation is turning into a strange direction... Is there some follow-up I can
do...

[B-But Megiddo-san’s work looks like the real thing!]

[Fuuu, Kaito. You don’t have to console me. Yes, it’s true that I created a
Night Metal Dragon that looks exactly like the real thing. But it’s just
“imitating the real thing”... There’s no way I can beat you, who came up with an
outrageous idea of “exceeding the real thing”.]

[...]

Why the heck do you have a face that seems to say you gracefully accepted
defeat?! No, no, what the heck is with this situation?!

[N-No, this is actually...]

[That’s Kaito for you. The thoughts you put into that work... They certainly
touched my heart! Giving wings to the flightless Gun Rock Dragon and letting her
fly into the sky... You put “dreams and possibilities” into that work... It’s my
complete defeat.]

No, I’m not showing any thoughts in that sculpture, you know?! Heck, I don’t
even know what I was thinking when I made that! Eh? The heck is happening?
They’re applauding... Is the result already decided? Am I going to win in a way
I’m unsatisfied about?

&lt;_Hmmm. Art is a difficult aspect, isn’t it? I actually thought that you were
“trying to make a dog, but failed”..._&gt;

Fate-san! You’re right! You’re totally right!!!

&lt;_There are several types of expression in art. Some, like Megiddo-san,
faithfully reproduces the real thing, while others, like Kaito-san, “who
challenge themselves to break through their previous shell” to give it a broader
interpretation and message._&gt;

&lt;_Hehh\~\~ Sounds really deep._&gt;

&lt;_Yes, such works tend to be complex, but Kaito-san seems to have expressed
and grandeur by increasing the size. As expected of Kaito-san._&gt;

&lt;_Fumufumu._&gt;

Oi, don’t put in unnecessary follow-ups. I’m getting more and more embarrassed
here, but I can’t even say they’re mistaken because of the atmosphere... If I
tell the truth here, Megiddo-san will be very embarrassed. If he looks that
satisfied after declaring his defeat, and then turns out that he was mistaken,
his dignity will be severely damaged... I-I can’t say it...

Also, are you seriously not joking around, and this thing really resembles that
Gun Rock Dragon? From how Alice sounds like, it does sound like this resembles
them...

&lt;_And thus, the challenger Kaito-san has splendidly won the first match!
Everyone, please give him a big round of applause!_&gt;

...Please get me out of this place...

I heard from somewhere that Art is in the eye of the beholder, and the others
can have interpretations that are unimaginable to the average person. But well,
as for this matter—This isn’t just on the level of going against the creator’s
intentions, you know?!

---

I’m having a three-game match against Megiddo-san... After a ten-minute break,
the next game we’ll be having will be the second match.

&lt;_Now then, the challenger won the first match, contrary to the prediction in
favor of the War King... Analyst Fate-san, this is an unpleasant development for
Megiddo-san, isn’t it?_&gt;

&lt;_You’re right. I think winning the first match is pretty big for both of our
participants. With his defeat, War King couldn’t afford to lose in the next
match anymore... On the other hand, Kai-chan can still lose once, so mentally
speaking, he can still be composed for the moment._&gt;

I’m actually damaged mentally pretty much, you know... I don’t want to fight
anyone in an art competition ever again. A new black history has been created at
this moment.

&lt;_Hmmm. If this were a story, this would be the time where Megiddo-san wins
the match and leads it to the final match. As the live commentator, that
situation would be more exciting for the audience, so I’d like to see this lead
to the final battle if possible._&gt;

&lt;_Hmmm. For me though, the sooner this event ends, the better\~\~ ...By the
way, No-chan? That art sculpture Kai-chan made earlier... Can I have that?_&gt;

Fate-saaaaaan?! Stop that! Seriously, please stop that! Why the heck are you
trying to have my black history for take out?! No, that’s a big no!

&lt;_Ahh\~\~ About that, there are actually a lot of people requesting it...
After their match ends, a “rock-paper-scissors tournament” will actually be
conducted, and the winner can get that item._&gt;

Oiiiiii! Why the heck did you turn that monstrosity into a prize without my
permission?! Oi, the red gorilla over there... What’s with the thumbs up? Stop
with those eyes that seem to say that “there are a lot of people with eyes for
good things here”! I mean, who the heck would even want something like that?!

&lt;_Ehh\~\~ Incidentally, the people who have announced their participation
would be... Underworld King, Kuromueina-san and Death King, Isis-san... It seems
like World King, Lillywood-san is also joining... Well, it seems like she’s just
brought along by Isis-san. There’s also God of Life and God of Space and Time...
It seems like these two have been told to join by Creator God-sama._&gt;

&lt;_By the way, I was just thinking about it, but No-chan, you just called me
by my name earlier, didn’t you? Well, it isn’t actually that much of a problem
but..._&gt;

&lt;_I was careless. I’m sorry, I’ll go treat you to something next time. Errr,
continuing what I was saying earlier. There’s Archlesia Empire’s Emperor
Chris-san, Hydra Kingdom’s King Laguna-san, a Duchess from Symphonia Kingdom,
Lilia-san, and many others. Also, it seems like a “mysterious angel that has a
90% chance of killing someone just by being talked to” is also joining... Fyuu~
Those are quite the big names I mentioned there._&gt;

&lt;_...Amazing. It’s as if they came here to join a world-ending boss
rush._&gt;

There were so many of them?! Wait... What in the world are all of you doing...
Just thinking about how that thing is going in the hands of someone I know makes
it feel like I’m in hell, you know?! Also, Eden-san?! What the heck are you
doing?!

&lt;_...Well, we’ll get to those details later. Let’s get started on the second
match!_&gt;

...How the heck did this happen? No, unnn. Let’s just think about it later... Or
rather, let’s just participate in that rock-paper-scissors tournament later. I
need to stop any negative legacies from falling into the hands of others at all
costs... As I turned my eyes away from the cruelty of the world, Alice urged us
to play the second match, and Megiddo-san, who heard her, took out a huge
board(?) out of nowhere.

[Alright! The second match will be... a game decided by “how we read each
other’s thoughts and the strategy to make use of it”! We’ll be playing the
“Double Color” game!!!]

[...Double Color?]

[Unnn? Yeah, it’s just a simple game. Even a kid can play it. However, it’s a
game so deep that it deserves to be our game!]

Fumu... In front of me and Megiddo-san, there is a large board with squares...
This should mean that it’s a board game huh? There are two stones in the center,
one red and one blue, and they should be used in the game... Hmmm. This somehow
looks very familiar.

[The rules are simple. I’m red, Kaito is blue... Then, we would take turns
placing stones on the board. And when you place a stone, the opponent’s stone or
stones in between your stones will change to your color. Repeating this process,
the player with the most stones of his color wins!]

[...]

...Ah, I see... It’s “Othello” huh...

It was about four times the size of the Othello board I knew, but other than
that, the rules were almost the same. It seems to be a magic tool that
automatically swaps the color of the stones that were interposed between pieces,
so it’s like a convenient Othello.

[Do you understand the rules? Then, let’s start! Let’s have a burning hot
game!!!]

[...I will be in your care.]

And so began the second match between Megiddo-san and I... a huge-sized Othello
game. The fearless smile on Megiddo-san’s face was not that of a man driven to a
corner. Burning with fighting spirit, he faced me. However, there was one thing
that he overlooked. No—There’s a secret that Megiddo-san didn’t know.

As Kaito and Megiddo began to confront each other, and after a while, Alice and
Fate began to give commentary.

&lt;_Well then, we’ll now start giving live commentary... Our voices basically
won’t reach Kaito-san and Megiddo-san. Otherwise, they’ll probably get some hint
to something that they might have missed... Now, let’s look at their
openings._&gt;

&lt;_I don’t see any big moves in their openings. But as far as I can see,
doesn’t the War King seem to be in the lead?_&gt;

&lt;_You’re right. The important thing in this game isn’t to change the color of
as many stones as possible, but to make it difficult for the opponent to play
their turn next... I like that move by Megiddo-san. It’s got quite a wide angle,
making it easy to take over other pieces._&gt;

While watching the magically displayed images in the sky above the arena, Alice
and Fate explained the early stages of the match.

&lt;_...In that case, that move by Kai-chan is a bad one, isn’t it? With that,
the War King has a big lead..._&gt;

&lt;_Hmmm. I suppose I should praise Megiddo-san for that move. There’s hardly
anyone who wouldn’t be tempted to place at that square._&gt;

&lt;_I see... I guess that means Kai-chan should have held back there and placed
his piece in the lower right corner instead._&gt;

&lt;_That’s right... Well, even though he made a mistake, it was still the early
game, so it was still possible to turn things around but... Hmmm._&gt;

&lt;_What’s the matter, No-chan? You kinda have a complicated expression on your
face, you know?_&gt;

&lt;_...No, I mean, errr... I’ll be honest with you. Even though I’m still doing
all these live commentary, “I already know the result of this match”._&gt;

&lt;_Eh? What do you mean?_&gt;

When Alice told her that she already knows the outcome, even though the game is
still ongoing, Fate curiously asked her. Thereupon, Alice’s expression became
even more complicated and turning to Fate, she murmured.

&lt;_N-No... You see... In fact, Kaito-san... He’s “very weak” at these kinds of
board games that doesn’t involve luck._&gt;

&lt;_...Is that so?_&gt;

&lt;_Y-Yes... No, it’s not that I’m saying he’s stupid or that he can’t read
what his opponent is going to move next... You know there are things we aren’t
good at, right? How should I say this... Kaito-san... He has a fatal lack of
sense in board games of this kind... According to him, he would lose 90 percent
of the time at board games._&gt;

&lt;_...T-There’s still the 10 percent... s-so it should be alright..._&gt;

&lt;_I-I guess you’re right! Let’s look forward to the future development of the
match!_&gt;

Yes, Alice knew about it. She often played together with Kaito, and had played
board games with him before. However, Kaito was bad at strategy-type board games
like chess. He was so bad at it that Alice became concerned about him instead...

And that was also true for Megiddo who was currently playing against him.

(O-Oi, oi, Kaito?! You shouldn’t place a piece at that square! Heck, why are you
putting your stone over there?! If you place it there, everything in the upper
left corner will be...)

Megiddo was currently on the edge with each of their moves. However, it wasn’t
because of the board...

(You idiot! One more square to the right and it would have been perfect! You
can’t connect to the next move with that at all, you know?! ...K-Kaito... My
bad. I see, so you’re... really bad at playing Double Color huh...)

Without realizing that Megiddo was beginning to feel pity for him, Kaito had
once again placed the stone in a completely wrong square.

---

The second match of the three-game match against Megiddo-san. The Othello
matchup went back and forth, and finally, the board was approaching the end
game. It was a close match... or so, I would like to say but... Unnn. The board
is already filled with so much red that there’s nowhere for me to place my
stones. I-It seems like I lost. Why can’t I win at these kinds of board games? I
even lost on that game of shogi against Alice when she only had “her king and a
knight” on her side... Alice was also bewildered at that time... “I-Is there
even any better handicap than this...” or so she said...

W-Well, we all have our strengths and weaknesses. E-Even I have things I’m not
good at and things that I’m not. I’m just not very good at board games... I-I’ll
have you know that I’m super good at Rubik’s cube! Just so you know, my personal
record in solving one is 12 seconds!!!

&lt;_It’s settled. The winner of the second match is the War King, Megiddo._&gt;

&lt;_...What a sad battle it is, isn’t it?_&gt;

&lt;_...Yes, I’ve never seen Megiddo-san wondering he should have “held back in
a battle” like today._&gt;

Eh? You’re going to go that far?! Am I seriously that weak?! I’m so bad at it
that you’re calling it a sad battle?!

[Kaito... Ummm, I’m sorry.]

[...Let’s go with the third match.]

[...Yeah.]

I can’t endure the atmosphere anymore. Even Megiddo-san has a sad expression on
his face... Unnn, let’s just get to the next match. The atmosphere is very
unpleasant now.

[...Alright! Let’s pull ourselves together and get to the third match! This will
be the final battle!!!]

[Yes!]

[Looking good, Kaito. Well then, let’s get things ready!]

[Eh? Wha?!]

Boldly smiling, Megiddo-san snapped his finger, and the scenery of the arena
changed with the sound of the earth shaking. A series of devices that looked
like amusement park attractions at first glance appeared one after another,
forming what seemed to be a race course that circled the large arena... Oi, wait
a moment, could this be...

[The last match will be an “Obstacle Course”! As expected, the finale should be
a physical match!!!]

[...]

Something that I can’t win at all appeared?! What the heck are you expecting
from the slime-like me, Megiddo-san?!

[Ahh, don’t worry, of course I’m not going to have Kaito fight a match that you
can’t win. I’ll be giving you a handicap.]

[...A handicap?]

[Ohh! I’m going to compete with “a body with the same physical abilities as
Kaito”. I’m not going to move in ways that are impossible with your physical
abilities, nor will I move at speeds that are impossible for you... Well,
there’s still a difference between our stamina, so “Kaito can use magic, while I
could not”!]

[...Fumu.]

I see, that certainly makes it possible for me to win. If Megiddo-san has the
same ability as me, then we would be even in terms of speed... Megiddo-san still
has the advantage in stamina and skill though, so he’ll adjust that by having me
the only one who can use magic.

[...What about stuff like Body Strengthening Magic?]

[Yeah, I’m not going to use it. Kaito can use it though.]

Apparently, I could also use Body Strengthening Magic. My Body Strengthening
Magic is quite shabby, only increasing my physical ability by 30% at best, but
it is still enough of an advantage. That means I have better maximum speed.

&lt;_Incidentally, Fate-san and I will be judging this race. When Megiddo-san
performs a move that is impossible with Kaito-san’s physical abilities, it will
automatically be Megiddo-san’s loss... Is that alright?_&gt;

[Ohh!!!]

I’ve heard that the Live commentator and analyst will also serve as the referee,
but I don’t think Megiddo-san would violate the terms he himself decided. That’s
something I don’t doubt a single bit. The conditions aren’t bad... In fact, I
could even say that I have a significant advantage against him. I can even use
Autopilot...

The problem is that the race course looked quite complicated and long... I’m
worried about my stamina, but I’ve also been running with Hina-chan a lot, so I
think my stamina has gotten better than when I first came to this world. Nodding
my head in agreement with Megiddo-san, we headed to the starting point together.

As I stood at the starting point, I noticed the first obstacle waiting for me.
About a hundred meters ahead of us were footholds... things that looked like
stepping stones jutting out from a pool of water. Beyond that was a steep slope.
It wasn’t so steep that it would rather be called a wall, but it is still quite
steep... Mhmm, it’s hard to see every obstacle from where I am, but it seems
like it would have lots of ups and downs.

&lt;_Incidentally, the one who designed the obstacle course is me._&gt;

Uwaahhh... The one who actually made these troublesome obstacles was her huh.
T-This is going to be tough without some solid strategy... Especially for my
autopilot. It’s a powerful magic that provides me maximum performance with
minimal movement, but it is difficult to use. It’s impossible for me to keep it
active throughout the race, and it takes time to prepare because I have to set
it up while moving, so I need to plan well when to make use of this magic.

&lt;_Now, with both our players standing side by side, the final battle is about
to begin! Analyst Fate-san, what do you think of this match?_&gt;

&lt;_Hmmm. There are so many obstacles to cross, so I think it’s a matter of how
they will get past them. Kai-chan seems to have an advantage in terms of
conditions, but with his experience... The War King had an overwhelming
advantage because of his ability to handle situations. I think the key that will
allow Kai-chan to win would be when he would use his magic huh?_&gt;

&lt;_I see, thank you very much. Well then, are both of you ready? Let’s start
the count! Three, two, one, start!_&gt;

With Alice’s signal, Megiddo-san and I dashed forward. As expected, I was faster
than him with my Body Strengthening Magic, and I made it to the first stepping
stone first. It doesn’t feel like each stone was that wide, so if I leap forward
while slowing down a bit...

Just as I was thinking that, I tried to jump to the first stepping stone, but
Megiddo-san, who had caught up with me, leapt without slowing down at all.

[Eeeeehhh?!]

Then, he jumped to the first stepping stone, leapt to a stepping stone quite a
distance away, and as he arrived on that stepping stone with his hands on the
ground, he pushed forth, jumping to the next stepping stone. With acrobatic
movements as if he’s a gymnast, he quickly broke through the first obstacle.

Astonished by his movements, I reflexively turned my attention to where the
commentators Alice and Fate-san sat... but they judged his movements as clear.
Eh? Seriously? He can do that? It was possible for him to move like that even
with my physical abilities?! E-Even with the same physical abilities, there
would still be a difference depending on who operates that body huh... This is
going to be a tough fight.

---

The third match between Kaito and Megiddo. In the final match, an Obstacle
Course, Megiddo took the lead. Currently, Megiddo is only using the same
physical abilities as Kaito, and simply put, Kaito, who can use Body
Strengthening Magic, should have been faster and more powerful than Megiddo.
However, Megiddo still currently has a large lead... One of the reasons for this
is the difference in stamina. Megiddo is certainly running with the same
physical ability as Kaito, but Megiddo is able to maintain Kaito’s maximum speed
until the goal. However, Kaito had to run while adjusting his stamina, and as a
result, there was a gap of about two obstacles between them.

However, bluntly speaking, “Megiddo had predicted for a development like this to
occur”. Or rather, it might be better to say that this was inevitable. Even if
two people drove the same car that have the same performance, the difference
between the abilities of an F1 racer and an amateur driver can be clearly seen.
It was natural that Megiddo would take the lead.

Yes, that’s why... Megiddo asked “Alice to be the one creating these obstacles”.

&lt;_Now, Megiddo-san is fast! He has already dashed through the first half of
the race course. He has slightly opened up a distance with Kaito-san!_&gt;

After glancing at the Live commentator Alice, Megiddo grinned and turned his
attention back to the race course.

(I know... The real deal is about to come now, right? Shalltear, you’re
extremely partial towards Kaito. That’s exactly why I asked you this! If it’s
you, “you’d make a race course that would give Kaito a good chance of beating
me”, even under these conditions, right? It wouldn’t be any fun if you don’t!
Now, what have you prepared?)

With a smile on his face, he arrived at the next obstacle. Before him was a
small cube placed on the desk. Seeing this cube, Megiddo slowed down and tilted
his head in wonder.

(...What’s this?)

&lt;_Now, Megiddo-san has reached the turning point of the first half of the
race course. The obstacle in front of him is called a “Rubik’s Cube”! A toy from
another world. The explanation is posted on the desk\~\~_&gt;

Megiddo, seeing the Rubik’s Cube for the first time, quickly looks over the
instructions on the desk.

(I see... So it’s a puzzle huh... Fumu, I thought I knew some things about toys
from another world, but I’ve never seen this before... Well, this is just about
making this toy’s six sides have the same colors, so let’s get this over with.)

Megiddo moves the cube around, checking the combinations... Even though it was
the first time he had used this toy, it was simple to play and he was able to
match the colors smoothly. A minute or so after Megiddo arrived at this
obstacle, Kaito finally caught up with him.

&lt;_Now then, it seems like Kaito-san has also arrived at the same obstacle.
This item is a toy from another world, which should be advantageous for the
otherworlder Kaito-san... Would he be able to turn the tables here?_&gt;

(...You’re being naive, Kaito certainly may have been accustomed with this
toy... but I’ve already solved three sides. After a minute here, this will be an
easy victory... Unnn?)

Thinking that he won’t be able to turn the tables here, Megiddo glanced toward
Kaito... He held the Rubik’s Cube in his hand and looked at it from various
angles for about 10 seconds. And then...

[W-Whaaaaaat?!]

Immediately afterward, Kaito’s hands moved without any hesitation and arranged
all six sides in the blink of an eye.

&lt;_Kaito-san’s amazing! He passed through that obstacle in the blink of an
eye! The tables have been turned!!!_&gt;

(T-That’s impossible! What the heck was that just now? It only took him 20
seconds... no, less than 15 seconds to complete it?!)

For Kaito, Rubik’s Cube is one of his few specialties, but Megiddo, who has no
idea about such a thing, is so astonished that his hands stopped.

(I-It’s as if he knows the procedure all along... Could it be that Shalltear
taught him that? No, that’s not it. There’s no way that she would blatantly use
such a method... I’m pretty sure she made this course in favor of Kaito, but
it’s really hard to tell...)

For a moment, Megiddo considered the possibility that Alice had leaked the
answer to Kaito, but he quickly dismissed it in his mind and returned to the
task of aligning the Rubik’s cube. However, he wasn’t just lightly shaken, he
was feeling somewhat flustered.

(...The first obstacle, stepping stones were large and closely spaced. The
second obstacle, the slope, was also made of non-slip materials... They had been
adjusted so that even Kaito who wasn’t used to moving his body could easily
break through. Yes, Shalltear’s help should be just that... Anything more than
that wouldn’t convince Kaito that she isn’t being biased towards him. That means
what happened just now was just Kaito’s ability? However, how could he solve it
that fast... No, wait a moment?)

In response to Kaito’s speed, which could be described as overwhelming, Megiddo
tried to calm his agitated mind and regulated his thoughts. At that moment,
Megiddo had also arranged all six sides and continued to think as he ran to
catch up with Kaito who was ahead of him.

(Kaito looked at the cube for about 10 seconds in the beginning... Could it
be... He saw through the steps to solve it in those ten seconds?! T-That’s
outrageous...)

When Megiddo realized how good Kaito was at Rubik’s Cube, he slightly shivered,
and after his shoulders shook once... he viciously smiled.

[H-Hahaha! That’s right!!! Now this is what I’m talking about!!!]

&lt;_Whoa there, Megiddo-san roared! He’s now breaking through the obstacles
with a tremendous speed!_&gt;

For Megiddo, competitions are the best... Megiddo is a genuine battle maniac who
is more motivated the stronger his opponents are. And now, his fighting spirit
was ignited. Although he was still adhering to the limits of physical abilities
they’d arranged, his movements were even leaner and sharper than before. His
momentum was so strong that he immediately caught up with Kaito and overtook
him...

&lt;_T-The tables have turned yet again! It’s a burning hot battle!!!_&gt;

&lt;_...Hey, No-chan? I have some questions here..._&gt;

&lt;_Unnn? What’s the matter?_&gt;

&lt;_I don’t know if it’s just me... but I feel like Kai-chan is “unfocused”
since earlier._&gt;

&lt;_Ahh\~\~ You’re right. There’s a little bit of waste in his movements._&gt;

&lt;_...I guess he’s doing something huh?_&gt;

&lt;_...I wonder? I can already predict what he’s doing, but I guess it would be
better if we wait and see, isn’t it?_&gt;

Even though Megiddo, who was running with a burning fighting spirit, was
gradually pulling away from him, the expression on Kaito’s face did not change.
And then, he quietly muttered something.

[...With this... Setting up for the end game is complete... Just... a few
distance more...]

Kaito is quietly but surely making his preparations... Even as the gap widened
between them, there was still not a trace of resignation in his eyes. There are
now three obstacles of a difference between him and Megiddo... Even so, he’s
still “within range” so...

---

It hurts... As my breathing becomes more and more ragged, I feel an unpleasant
pain in my side. The course was a lap around a large arena, and with so many
obstacles to overcome... I was exhausted by the time I reached the end of the
halfway point. I was able to turn the tables once when there was a Rubik’s Cube
challenge, but that turnaround only ignited Megiddo-san’s fighting spirit and he
turned the tables again, and now, I’m way behind him. However, he’s still
barely... within range...

From the start until now, I’ve been running with my eyes on the end of the
course. What obstacles would be there, and which route would be the shortest...
With those things in mind, I constructed my magic technique. To begin with,
Megiddo-san and I have different basic stamina. I may be able to run faster than
him, but I don’t have the stamina to maintain that speed from start to finish.
That’s why, yes... “I knew that this was going to happen”...

Megiddo-san is ahead of me, and I’m following behind him. For me to achieve
victory... there’s only one chance. Autopilot... I’m the only one who can use
magic in this match, and this is my most powerful trump card. This is the only
card I have that has a chance of beating Megiddo-san. However, this trump card
of mine is a double-edged sword... It’s difficult to say this, but the amount of
magic power I have isn’t that great. No matter how much I squeeze out, I
couldn’t keep Autopilot running for even half of the race course. That’s why it
was crucial to get to the endgame of this race with a gap that I’m able to catch
up with... and that would be the turning point of this match.

&lt;_Now, with less than a third of the race course remaining, we’re finally in
the endgame of the race! Megiddo-san is now in the lead. He has pulled apart
quite a distance from Kaito-san!_&gt;

...It’s here. This is the moment! The distance between Megiddo-san and I is just
barely enough to catch up with him, but whether my magic power will hold on...
That would be difficult to say. However, all I need to know is that I have a
chance of winning with this.

[...Autopilot.]

The moment I said the keywords, my body slipped out of my control and I sped up.
The fatigue I was feeling doesn’t go away, and I still feel some of the pain
from it. However, Autopilot ignores all of that and forces my body to work.

&lt;_Whoa there?! Kaito-san abruptly accelerated! He’s heading for the next
obstacle in one breath! And what awaits him is the... Stepping stones Version
2!_&gt;

&lt;_You like stepping stones that much, No-chan?_&gt;

&lt;_Stepping stones are the staple of Obstacle Races after all. However, the
stepping stones this time are much bigger and more complicated than before. Even
Megiddo-san had taken quite a while in there too! Let’s see how Kaito-san would
fare with this... wait, oh my God?!_&gt;

&lt;_What is it?_&gt;

I used Hina-chan as a reference for my running form. As for how to break through
this obstacle... I had the best model running ahead of me. Stepping on the
second stepping stone... My body jumped to the stepping stones without
hesitation and I broke through, using my hands as well as my feet.

&lt;_W-Wasn’t that Megiddo-san’s movement just now?! N-No, because of his
superior physical strength thanks to magic, Kaito-san’s movement is even faster
than Megiddo-san!!!_&gt;

&lt;_...I guess he was using War King’s movements as a reference. Well, since
the War King would be using the same physical ability as him, with his vast
athletic experience, he would certainly be a great reference... but it ain’t
that easy. ...I guess this means that Kai-chan is getting serious huh?_&gt;

&lt;_Whoa there, he climbed up the next obstacle, a tall wall, at an insanely
fast speed! Amazing! He’s getting closer and closer to Megiddo-san! At last, the
cornered herbivore has bared his fangs on the carnivore!!!_&gt;

Herbivore...? No, well, if Megiddo-san is the carnivore, that means that I’m the
herbivore but... At that moment, Megiddo-san, who had been compared to a
predator, looked at the running me. As an intense smile appeared on his face, he
loudly shouted.

[Kaitooooooo! That’s great! That’s a great speed you have! Isn’t that just
great! Come! Let me see you sink your fangs on my neck!!!]

Despite the fact that I was catching up on him, Megiddo-san didn’t seem to be
flustered at all. In fact, he looked as if he was having fun. He’s really a
battle maniac by nature... but, well, putting the act of biting his neck
aside... I still intend to overtake him. My legs are screaming. I’m so out of
breath that I’m feeling suffocated. Still, my body doesn’t stop, and keeps on
forcing me to bring out my peak performance. Even though my body is adjusting so
that it won’t break down, the pain I’m feeling is still hard to bear... While my
body continues to move, various thoughts come to my mind.

“How could I be working so hard? Isn’t it enough already? Even if I continue
like this, I might not be able to catch up with Megiddo-san. In the first place,
it’s strange for me to try to beat Megiddo-san, one of the Six Kings. It’s fine
for me to lose.” ...Frantically pushing those thoughts out of my mind, I
continued to activate Autopilot.

In the beginning, this was not a game that I could not lose. This was all just a
game, so I let myself get carried away by the situation and joined their game.

&lt;_Now, Megiddo-san has crossed the final obstacle, “walking on a tightrope”,
and the rest would just be a straight line to the finish line! Kaito-san too,
has reached the final obstacle but... Would this distance between them be too
much for him?_&gt;

&lt;_The last straight line is quite long, but with the difference between
Kai-chan and the War King... I guess it would be difficult._&gt;

However, yes... There are many people who have helped me reach this place.
Eden-san, Pandora-san, Iris-san... and lastly...

[Master! Do your best!!!]

Even in the arena filled with heated cheers, I could still strangely hear her
voice. With her cheers, I somehow felt like my legs, which should have been
moving automatically, gaining strength. Her voice, and the glimpse to Anima,
gave me the courage to bring out my true final joker.

Breaking through the tightrope obstacle, despite being greatly outdistanced, I
reached the final straight line. At that moment, I deactivated Autopilot once
and at the same time, reactivated it with the new keywords.

[Autopilot... Limit Release!]

I didn’t want to use this if it’s possible. After all, using this hurts like
hell... But my opponent is Megiddo-san. He isn’t someone I can win against
without taking any risks. Limit Release... It is a keyword that removes the
Autopilot’s restriction of “moving while making sure that it will not destroy my
body”. It’s the same power I used when I fought Anima when she was a Black
Bear... It was a magic that allowed my body to exhibit an extraordinary amount
of power.

&lt;_W-What a great surprise! Kaito-san dashed forth with an explosive speed!
He’s fast! Lightning fast!!!_&gt;

[What?!]

With my limiter removed, my body kicks the ground with tremendous force, and I
start running at more than twice the speed I was before. When he saw me rapidly
closing the distance between me and Megiddo-san, even Megiddo-san was astonished
as he exclaimed in surprise. However... This freaking hurts! Ouchingly hurts!
I’m also hearing some kind of tearing sound coming from my feet, which
definitely doesn’t sound good at all! I mean, I’m pretty sure my bones are
broken too! Well, even if my bones are broken, magic power would still force my
legs to move!

Ahh, but as my body screamed in pain, trying to catch up with Megiddo-san... I
also finally understood why I was working so hard. Of course, there’s also the
fact that I can’t lose and waste Anima and the others’ help towards me... but
perhaps, a reason even more important than that...

&lt;_The goal is only a few distance before them! There’s hardly any distance
between them anymore!!!_&gt;

Megiddo-san is really amazing. There were many obstacles in this race that were
in my favor. The best example for this is that Rubik’s Cube obstacle. It must
have been the first time he had seen a Rubik’s Cube too. Even so, Megiddo-san
was able to clear that puzzle and overtake me. I’ve been watching Megiddo-san’s
movements as a reference for Autopilot... and I was moved by how refined his
body movements are. Megiddo-san is not only powerful, he is also knowledgeable
and skilled... A real warrior who polishes himself without compromise. I think
he’s a really great person... And now, for whatever reason, I am fighting
against him.

I wonder if that’s the reason why... The reason why I wanted to win. His blazing
fighting spirit seemed to have ignited my heart as well.

Because Megiddo-san is an amazing person, a warrior who I can truly and
undeniably respect... I want to win against Megiddo-san. It’s not like when we
first met, where I somehow won with Shiro-san’s blessing... I want to win
against Megiddo-san with my own power!

[Guhhh?!]

Overtaking Megiddo-san, we are almost to the finish line... but at that moment,
the magic power in my body is about to run out. As strength slowly loses
strength, I feel like I’m seeing things in slow motion while my body collapses.
No, not now... Just a few more steps... From within my body, squeeze every ounce
of magic power out! I will win!!! I will win against Megiddo-san!!!

Feeling magic power passing through my crumbling legs again, I regained my
footing and ran.

&lt;_Goooooaaallll! Now, in a fierce dead heat, Kaito-san has reached the
goal!!! Eh—Wha?!_&gt;

&lt;_Kai-chan?!_&gt;

I reached the goal. I beat Megiddo-san! As soon as such feelings come to my
mind, Autopilot is completely deactivated. When that happens, I would be met
with a terrible situation where “my legs would suddenly stop while I’m running
my maximum speed”, and my body would be thrown forward. I guess this could only
end up with my face smacking on the ground huh... That would definitely hurt...
Well, it was a suicide mission knowing that I have Fruits of the World Tree with
me to begin with, so I was prepared for such a situation... but I definitely
wish for an alternative way where it doesn’t hurt...

Closing my eyes, I prepared for the moment when my face hit first to the ground.
However, what I felt immediately after was not the pain of my face hitting the
ground, but the feeling of being softly and gently hugged.

[...Eh?]

[Haahhh... You’re being reckless again...]

[...Kuro?]

[Geez, Kaito-kun really won’t change, aren’t you?]

Before I knew it, Kuro was holding me in her arms, and with an amazed expression
on her face, she brought her hand over my legs. Thereupon, my legs were
enveloped in light, and the pain I had felt earlier completely disappeared.

[...But well, congratulations. You really did great.]

[...Thanks.]

[...But that doesn’t mean you can escape from my scolding later.]

[...Eh?]

As Kuro held me in her arms, I slowly moved my gaze backward and saw Megiddo-san
standing at the goal, clapping his hands with a gentle smile on his face.

[Go on, Kaito-kun. Megiddo and the crowd are waiting for you... Go ahead. Show
your confidence as today’s winner.]

[...Yeah.]

Megiddo-san took it very easy on me, and the race course was in my favor. It may
not have been a complete victory, but a great feeling still welled up from
within me. I’m sure that it’s because despite all the help I’ve gotten—I think
it’s because I was able to grab this victory with my own power.

Moving away from Kuro and arriving at the goal where Megiddo-san was waiting for
me, I was greeted with loud cheers. A storm of voices shook the air, many of
them in praise of me. It feels kind of strange, itchy, and yet, heartwarming.

[...It’s my loss, Kaito. It was a good fight. I give you my thanks.]

[No, it’s me who should be thanking you instead. Thank you.]

Shaking hands with Megiddo-san who is in his humanoid form, we praised each
other for the good fight. Somehow, I kinda like this kind of thing... After
giving it your all, you shake hands with the person you fought against. I didn’t
belong to an athletic club in junior high and high school, so this was just my
imagination, but maybe this is what they call youth... I’m already 21 though...
No, I guess I’m rather young in this world huh...

[Speaking of which, Megiddo-san. I heard from Bacchus-san, but “what is it that
you want to teach me”?]

[Ah\~\~ that’s right. I’ll tell you all about it... a little later at the party.
The party starts at 8 pm ...Until then, enjoy the festival again.]

[H-Huhh... I understand.]

In the end, it seems that I will know Megiddo-san’s intentions at the evening
party... I mean, that party, is it already decided that I will be attending? I
guess it’s already decided huh. Yes, yes, I know already. Well, I was first in
line thanks to the perks of being a Black-rank, but there might be others that
will challenge Megiddo-san, so I guess it’s sort of reasonable that he would say
it later. As I was thinking about this, the race course that had been prepared
for the arena disappeared and the arena returned back to normal.

&lt;_It was quite the heated three-game match. Congratulations for the splendid
victory, Challenger Kaito-san! Well\~\~ That was a wonderful fight, wasn’t it,
Fate-san?_&gt;

&lt;_Kai-chan was so hot and cool at the end there\~\~ Kai-chaaaan\~\~! It’s me!
Raise me!!!_&gt;

&lt;_A-Ahaha... Errr, well then, let’s give a big round of applause to our
challenger, Miyama Kaito-san!_&gt;

...Fate-san, you just don’t change at all. Even so, could you stop saying that
line with Loudspeaker Magic?! It’s super embarrassing!

&lt;_Now then, a battle had just ended but... there’s still a big battle
ahead._&gt;

&lt;_...It’s about to begin huh._&gt;

...Unnn? Arehh? What’s with this tense atmosphere?

&lt;_Now then, the battle that is about to occur... I suggest that all
weak-willed people evacuate. You might really die if you remain in the premises
when it occurs._&gt;

&lt;_...This is bad, the rising killing intent is different from the battle just
now._&gt;

With the sound of rumbling earth, explosive magic power blasted out from
everywhere, shaking the arena. As if an earthquake was happening, cracks began
to appear all over the arena. Eh? Wait a moment? The heck is this... What the
heck is about to occur?!

&lt;_...Well then... The “rock-paper-scissors tournament with Kaito-san’s Clay
Sculpture as the prize” starts!!!_&gt;

At that moment, a number of shadows flew out into the arena.

Kuro, with black smoke-like magic power leaking out of her body, Isis-san, with
her bluish-white magic power of death spreading around, and Lillywood-san with a
tired expression on her face. There’s also Shiro-san, quietly making her
entrance, but her body is clad in her shimmering magic power, Chronois-san, who
has the same expression as Lillywood-san, and Life-san, who has a serious
expression on her face. In the midst of this arena, looking like a cage filled
with fierce beasts, Chris-san and Laguna-san fearlessly entered too. Eden-san
also descended from out of nowhere.

...No, wait a moment there! Isn’t everyone being too serious?! Oh no, this is
really going to destroy the world...

&lt;_Everyone is quite motivated. The tournament is also open for the general
public but... it’s seriously dangerous, so please participate with caution._&gt;

&lt;_Hey? No-chan. I’d like to join too..._&gt;

&lt;_We will be participating here, Fate-san. I will also be participating in
the tournament while giving my Live commentary._&gt;

&lt;_I see, got it!_&gt;

No, no, seriously, wait a moment there! Everyone’s being so motivated... The
prize is just that “sad creature”, you know?! Or rather, please give me a
break... Why the heck are all of you fighting for my black history? Wouldn’t it
all be hellish no matter who wins it...

&lt;_Ah, yes, yes. What about you, Kaito-san? Are you going to participate?_&gt;

[...I’m participating.]

In this case, I don’t have any choice but to win at all costs and recover my
black history myself...

&lt;_...Is that alright? You need to be able to “change your hand for at least a
thousand times per second” at the very least to be able to compete with the
others..._&gt;

[...The heck is that, that’s scary.]

Was rock-paper-scissors really such a monster competition? Or perhaps, it’s just
that the participants are abnormal? As I was stunned by Alice’s words, out of
the corner of my eye, I saw Kuro and Isis playing rock-paper-scissors, as if
they were practicing.

...It feels kinda strange though? Why does “the tip of their elbow disappear”
when they are about to swing their hands down? Why the heck does playing
rock-paper-scissors “make a crater in the ground”?

[Ohh... That sounds like a great game! Alright, I will also jo...]

[Megiddo?]

[...Ah, no. On second thought, I’m actually not going to join.]

Megiddo-san, who was a battle fanatic, tried to join in the match but... after
Kuro glared at him, he immediately sat up on a seiza. It seems like Megiddo-san
is very obedient only to Kuro. No, putting him aside...

&lt;_Well then, I’d like to get the tournament started but... I’d like to warn
everyone that “anyone that makes a move that wipes the arena” will be
disqualified, so please take note of that._&gt;

I’ve never heard anyone making such a warning in rock-paper-scissors before
though?! No, I guess what’s abnormal is that there are so many people here who
can do exactly that! And thus, the battle with Megiddo-san ended... and the
rock-paper-scissors tournament of monsters began. A problem came right after one
ended... It may not exactly be fitting, but I didn’t expect that an outrageous
situation like this would happen. Moreover, the thing they’re fighting over for,
that’s my black history, you know?!

It was a scene that could be seen straight out of an apocalypse. With a roar,
the earth cracked, the air swirled, and people ran for cover... With those
descriptions, did you think that I’m talking about a war? No, I’m talking about
a “rock-paper-scissors tournament”. Right in front of me was an arena full of
craters, littered with places that were on the verge of collapsing, but the
place was somehow able to maintain its original shape. Can you believe this?
Everyone was just playing rock-paper-scissors, you know? Moreover, it all
started just because of a badly-made clay sculpture that I made...

There was no way that an ordinary person like me could intervene in the battle
called rock-paper-scissors, which had completely become some kind of
ultra-dimensional sport... I just prayed to God that my black history would not
fall into the hands of someone troublesome.

However, my wish was scoffed at by the God I prayed to.

&lt;_Now then, the one who had won the fierce battle of rock-paper-scissors
is... “Creator God Shallow Vernal-sama”!!! Creator God-sama really was
strong!!!_&gt;

The most troublesome person in the world got her hands on it! For the airhead
Shiro-san to acquire it, that was almost the worst event of all. The worst thing
that could have happened was for it to fall into Eden-san’s hands, but this was
still the second worst situation of all.

&lt;_As expected of Shallow Vernal-sama. If Shallow Vernal-sama is the one who
got her hands on it, I wouldn’t complain about that either._&gt;

&lt;_Hmmm. It was also close for Kuro-san, who she fought against in the
finals._&gt;

&lt;_The Underworld King just didn’t have the best luck. She had to fight
Shallow Vernal-sama right after her fierce battle against that “Mysterious
Angel”, so she was exhausted._&gt;

&lt;_Well\~\~ I wonder who that angel is? As soon as she lost, she disappeared
as if she had no interest in any other thing anymore..._&gt;

Alice and Fate-san are still doing their shameless live commentary and analysis,
even though the audience has already fled. The only ones left here are only the
ones I know. But then again, I’m feeling complicated only because of what
they’re fighting about... but it was a really fierce battle. Well, I couldn’t
see anyone doing attacks or defends at all, but I could hear the explosions and
the ground being gouged out. Kuro beat Eden-san in the semifinals, but she
seemed to have worn herself out and lost to Shiro-san in the finals.

Shiro-san’s opponent in the semifinals was Fate-san, but Fate-san forfeited, and
Shiro-san managed to win without tiring herself at that match. Well, it was
really as Fate-san said. Kuro was just not blessed with luck.

[...Errr, thank you. Lillywood-san.]

“No, I’m just glad that Kaito-san is uninjured.”

Incidentally, Lillywood-san protected me, Lilia-san and the others, so we didn’t
get injured.

By the way, Shiro-san? I know you can hear me, right? I’d really like it if you
promptly hand over my black history back to me, you know?

(On one condition.)

...I knew that this would be the case. I had a feeling that this would happen. I
have a bad feeling about what you would say, but please say what you want.

(I’m feeling troubled about how to spend my time on the seventh day of the Six
Kings Festival.)

...Errr, that means...

(I’m feeling troubled about how to spend my time on the seventh day of the Six
Kings Festival.)

This is that, all over again, isn’t it? This means I’m supposed to say that,
right?

(I’m feeling troubled about how to spend my time on the seventh day of the Six
Kings Festival.)

S-Shiro-san... Well, if it’s okay with you, Shiro-san... On the seventh day of
the Six Kings Festival, could we hang out together...

(Date.)

...Could I ask you to go on a date with me?

(If Kaito-san so insists, I guess I will reluctantly consider it.)

I-I really want to go on a date with Shiro-san. I’m begging you.

(It can’t be helped. If you’re going to go that far, I guess we could go on a
date.)

... I feel like I’ve extremely lost. It seems that Shiro-san is fixated on the
situation where I ask her out, that she would even shamelessly lead the
conversation to that... What a frightening person she is.

(If the date turns out to be a fun one, I might even give this clay sculpture to
Kaito-san.)

...I-I’ll do my best. I mean, I just want to ask you one thing. Why are you
going that far...

(That’s because Kaito-san is neglecting me.)

U-Unnn? W-What are you talking about?

(Kaito-san “invited Earth God”, but you didn’t invite me even when you were
heading towards this place.)

No, no?! You know that’s impossible! I mean, there’s also Lilia-san and the
others with us, you know? If Shiro-san appears, Lilia-san would totally faint!

(Even when “I’m just staying one floor below yours”, Kaito-san didn’t come to
see me.)

That’s totally the first time I’ve heard it, you know?! Eh? I mean, Shiro-san is
staying in the Central Tower?! You don’t stay the night back in the Sanctuary?!

(I stayed there so that I could “sleep with Kaito-san”. But last night, I didn’t
have a chance to do that because of Kuro. She was also “obstructing” me when I
tried teleporting while you were in the onsen.)

A surprising new fact just came out! What the heck are you trying to do?! I
mean, such a battle happened without my knowledge?!

(Incidentally, “Earth God also tried doing that”. She was also stopped by Kuro
though...)

Thank you so much, Kuro!!! I’ll definitely do something to express my thanks to
her next time! Please keep that up and hold them off for the remaining six
days!!!

(Just Kuro is unfair.)

No, even if you say it’s unfair... I’ll do my best to make sure that we have a
fun date, so please excuse me from that. You’ll kill off my reasoning if you
join in.

(Mnhh.)

Even though she was cutely sulking, that’s something I couldn’t let pass, so I
had to devote my efforts to persuading Shiro-san for a while after that.

---

After the game with Megiddo-san was over, I went around the various attractions
with Lilia-san and the others. Even though most of the attractions were like
sports games, we still had lots of fun going around... but to be honest, my
scores weren’t so good. I don’t know if I was feeling listless after my victory
over Megiddo-san, or perhaps, I still haven’t settled down the joy I felt from
winning against Megiddo-san, but I wasn’t able to concentrate on the
attractions. It was the first time I had fought to the death in front of such a
large audience, so it was probably inevitable that the realization that I did
such a thing would come to me late. After visiting the attractions until evening
arrives, I was able to gather 22 stamps. I then went to the Central Plaza to
exchange the stamps for prizes. I thought for sure that it would count as me
having 22 stamps but... Each of the Five Generals’ oversized stamps is worth ten
stamps. The colossal stamp, which is the sign of my victory over Megiddo-san, is
calculated as 100 stamps.

In other words, I had collected 172 stamps and I was able to get the top prize,
“a pair of gloves made from Megiddo-san’s mane”... H-Hmmm. It seems that they
can handle extremely high temperatures, and if you put these gloves on, “you
won’t feel the heat even if you touch magma”... However, “the parts other than
the gloves would still be burned though”. How should I say this... It’s a very
difficult item to use. I at least don’t think I would ever face an instance
where I would need to touch magma in the future... I mean, I don’t want to be
anywhere near magma.

...Can’t I just use them as a substitute for working gloves or as mittens? I
guess not. Unnn, this thing would certainly be very expensive... Well, I’ll just
leave figuring out how to use this for the future me. The hectic first day of
the Six Kings Festival comes to an end at 8 p.m., and the participants are now
returning back to their accommodations. However, since Lilia-san and I were
invited to a party by Megiddo-san, we didn’t return to our accommodations, but
moved to the Central Tower where I challenged Megiddo-san.

---

...Isn’t this strange? How the heck could this have happened?

There were currently many people in my line of sight, and I was standing on a
platform overlooking them.

[Ohh! It seems like everyone has gathered!!!]

And standing beside me was Megiddo-san, who had returned to his original form
and was nodding in satisfaction at the sight of the gathered people. I’ll just
ask again, how the heck could this have happened? As soon as we arrived at the
assembly hall, I was separated from Lilia-san and the others, and for some
reason, I was brought to the stage set up in the center with Megiddo-san. No
matter where I look, I can only see people, people, and people... I could feel
eyes silently looking from all directions. I feel really restless here.

As if to say that he doesn’t care about my feelings, Megiddo-san proceeded to
loudly speak.

[The people I’ve called here tonight are my subordinates and those who performed
well at today’s festival! We all had a good fight! Today was a great day!!! As a
thank you, I’ve prepared plenty of food and drinks for everyone. Go and have all
the fun you want!!!]

With Megiddo-san’s shout, a loud cheer rang out. As I was feeling overwhelmed by
the atmosphere of the huge party, Megiddo-san picked me up and put me on his
shoulder. What the heck is going on?!

[But before we start the party, I want to introduce someone to all of you! “This
is the only person who has defeated me”... Miyama Kaito!!!]

Immediately after that, loud cheers rang out again. O-Oohh...

As Alice told me on the way here, the number of people who have managed to
defeat Megiddo-san... or rather, the number of people who have managed to
challenge Megiddo-san is just one. That’s because it seems like Agni-san, who
was originally already strong, was completely fired up after she got defeated by
Iris-san... After I got a badge from her, night had fallen without any other
person managing to win against her.

[Listen here! Kaito beat me. That means he’s better than everyone at this party
right now! Ora! Here comes the strong warrior!!! Get excited, you lot!!!]

At that moment, the crowd broke into cheers... U-Uwoooohhhh... This feels kind
of amazing. It feels like I’m shivering in excitement. Or rather, n-no matter
how I look at it, lifting me up is a bit too much...

After the loud cheers subsided, Megiddo-san announced the start of the party.
Most of the people here are Megiddo-san’s subordinates... In other words, there
were people who were used to parties, so no one got bewildered when a noisy
party started. Looking down at the scene of people everywhere shouting
“Cheers!”, I felt an indescribable emotion welling up in my heart. There was
this itchy... embarrassment, but I’m also feeling a different kind of
excitement, making me reflexively clench my fist.

![Insert 2](../../_Images/v13/Insert2.png#.insert)

After slowly lowering me down, Megiddo-san took out a large cup out of nowhere
and handed me one of them before pouring me alcohol.

[...Here. Look here, Kaito.]

[Eh?]

[You’re better than anyone here today... and no one’s complaining. That’s
because you beat me.]

[...Megiddo-san.]

[Be proud, Kaito. You have at least fought your way through the fight with me...
and won. This scene was something you have definitely won.]

[...]

It’s there again. Another indescribable itch budding in my chest... Ahh, I see,
I understand what this feeling is now. This is called... “a sense of
accomplishment”...

As soon as I realized this, I felt joy surging from within me. That’s right...
It had been an unrefined battle. Maybe it was because luck was on my side, or
maybe it was because Alice was supporting me from behind the scenes.

Still, I certainly won... It was my victory...

I had won... against Megiddo-san.

[Come on, Kaito. Drink up, it’s a celebration!]

[Ah, yes! Thank you for the drink!]

As I was savoring the feeling of victory that had finally come over me,
Megiddo-san called out to me and made a toast. And then, I gulped down the
alcohol... entering my mouth, down my throat and into my stomach... The taste of
the delicious alcohol seeped into my entire body.

[...This is very delicious. Is it an expensive drink?]

[No, it certainly was a relatively good alcohol, but it’s not that rare of a
drink.]

[...Is that so. However, this tastes delicious. I think it’s one of the best
I’ve ever had...]

[I see. Hey, Kaito. My bad, for having you deal with my selfishness today.]

[Eh? Ah, no... Rather than that, in the end, what was it that Megiddo-san wanted
to teach me?]

While having a somewhat peaceful conversation, I took another sip of alcohol
before asking Megiddo-san. What Megiddo-san wanted to teach me... He said he
would tell me about it at this party, but in the end, what was it all about?

[Unnn? Ahhh... That’s right. Hey, Kaito. Today was quite a rough day, wasn’t
it?]

[Ah, errr... Yes.]

[Hahaha, I guess so. I’m sure you’ve had a tough day, and I’m sure you’re
tired... but what do you think? You fought like hell and won... and after that,
drinking alcohol. Isn’t it the best?]

[Ehh? ...Yes!]

[Remember this Kaito. The alcohol you drank there is called a “Wine of
Victory”.]

[...Wine of Victory... Could it be that that is...]

Is that what Megiddo-san wanted to teach me? Just as I was about to ask that,
Megiddo-san drank all the alcohol in his cup at once, turned to me and heartily
smiled.

[Well, there’s certainly that too but... there’s still one thing I want to tell
you. Kaito, you’re a great guy. But you also have a flaw. It’s that you have
“low self-esteem”.]

[Ugghhh...]

[What’s this? So you’re well aware of it huh... Then, you better start learning
how to fix that. I’ll tell you again, you’re a great guy... Otherwise, there’s
no way I would lose against you twice. So, well, how do I say this... You need
to be a little more composed and confident. You’re not a pathetic person who’s
always needing someone’s help. You’re someone who can seize glory on your own.]

[...Megiddo-san.]

Those words of affirmation felt like a powerful push behind my back. How should
I say this... I’m really quite blessed. There was someone who would warn me when
I was wrong, someone who would scold me when I was being reckless... and someone
who would push me forward. They are truly a blessing in disguise.

[...That was quite unlike me. Come, let’s drink again! We’re going to drink a
lot today!!!]

[Yes!]

I was bewildered, tired, and struggled, and yet, I still desperately grasped for
victory. I’ll probably never forget this day for the rest of my life. Feeling
this rewarding joy of standing up with your own two feet... Megiddo-san taught
me—The taste of the wine of victory...

The party hosted by Megiddo-san kept going on in a lively manner. Only the
people who collected the most stamps on the first day and Megiddo-san’s
subordinates participated in this party, so Kuo and Alice weren’t here. Well, I
guess they could easily join if they wanted to, but it seems like they read the
mood around here and probably won’t barge in.

As I was thinking about this, Megiddo-san loudly put down his cup and shouted.

[...Speaking of which, oi, you bastard! Ozma!!! For only your place to have an
80% pass rate, what does this mean?! Look at Agni’s place, she hasn’t let anyone
but Kaito through!!!]

[Ah\~\~ You see, everyone was working so hard to win against me. I can’t just
ignore their hard work\~\~]

Responding with those words, Ozma-san, holding a small cup in one hand, looked
as lax as ever as he approached our way. Even so, it seems like he would still
be using honorifics when talking with Megiddo-san, and his tone has changed
but...

[Hahh... You never change... You’re still always drinking cheap alcohol...]

[Well\~\~ I don’t really like the taste of expensive alcohol... Ya, Miyama-kun.
Good work out there.]

[Ah, yes. Thank you very much!]

Calmly calling out to me, Ozma-san then sits down across from Megiddo-san.

[It seems like Master is having fun. Isn’t your drinking pace faster than
usual?]

[Yeah, today’s match was fun. The alcohol afterward is also great!]

[Well, that’s great...]

Looking as if Megiddo-san’s happiness was his own, Ozma-san snapped his fingers
and made a giant bottle of alcohol appear. Then, leisurely holding it in one
hand, he poured alcohol into Megiddo-san’s cup, to which Megiddo-san drank
without saying a word. Filled with this somewhat friendly mood, or perhaps, a
gentle atmosphere, I suddenly wondered about something and voiced out my
question.

[Ummm, Ozma-san?]

[Unnn? What is it?]

[Only Ozma-san calls Megiddo-san “Master” instead of adding “-sama” in his name,
is there a reason for that?]

[Hmm\~\~ Well, it’s just an old habit. There isn’t any deeper reason for that.]

[Ozma has been my subordinate the longest. He became my subordinate before I was
called the War King, so I guess that’s why he’s calling me that.]

It seems that Ozma-san was Megiddo-san’s first subordinate.

[Hehh... Speaking of which, I’m sorry if this is something I shouldn’t ask. Why
did you become Megiddo-san’s subordinate, Ozma-san?]

[Oi, oi, Miyama-kun. There’s nothing to be gained from knowing about Uncle’s
past, you know?]

[I’m sorry. It’s just that I thought that the atmosphere around Ozma-san was
different from the other Five Generals...]

[Hahaha, you’re being told off, Ozma. You gotta have a bit more ambition.]

[N-No, I’m not saying that much though?!]

It certainly as Megiddo-san said, Ozma-san doesn’t seem to have any ambition...
Or rather, I don’t think I feel the “fighting is the best” thinking that the
other Generals have. This is the reason why it feels easy for me to talk to him
though...

[Ahaha, no, well, Uncle was also quite mischievous back then. That’s also the
reason why I ended up punching Master Megiddo the first time I met him.]

[Eeehhh?!]

[Well, I got really beaten up after that though... I completely lost.]

[How the heck can you say that after “we fought for seven days and seven
nights”...? I think “we were evenly matched”, you know?]

[Well, I still lost in the end. Master is strong, and I was weak.]

Eh? He fought Megiddo-san evenly for seven days and seven nights? Ozma-san is
that strong?! No, I certainly haven’t thought of him as just an ordinary
person... but perhaps, could the strongest of the Five Generals is Ozma-san...

[In those days, the Demon Realm was much bleaker than it is now. An era where
losing meant death. However, Master Megiddo didn’t take the life of this
defeated Uncle, but asked me to become his subordinate.]

[Ahh\~\~ That brings back memories.]

[But back then, I guess you could say that Uncle was experiencing his youthful
folly, and but anyway, I had quite the bad temper back then. Even when Master
asked me to be his subordinate... I snarled at him, saying “Don’t you dare
insult me! If you take me in as your subordinate, I will make sure to cut your
head off the moment you turn your back on me!” or something like that.]

[O-Ohhh...]

Ozma-san scratched his cheeks, looking somewhat embarrassed, and talked about
what he had told Megiddo-san a long time ago.

[What do you think Master said in response? Looking like he was really having
fun, he told me “Ohh, that makes it fun! Then, I’ll leave my back to you!”.]

[H-How should I say this... That’s just like Megiddo-san.]

Even though he hates doing surprise attacks, he likes it when he is surprise
attacked... That certainly feels like Megiddo-san.

[...I feel like I was being reminded how big Master’s heart is.]

Saying that somewhat happily, Ozma-san took out a cigarette and held it in his
mouth. Calmly lighting it up, he looked at Megiddo-san with a respectful gaze,
as if he was feeling somewhat nostalgic.

[Ohh, speaking of which, you still haven’t stabbed me from the back yet, have
you? When are you going to do it?]

[Ahaha, I don’t feel like doing it anymore. I was charmed by Master Megiddo’s
way of life. I just want to watch your large back... For me, the only king is
Master... When I die, “it will be while protecting Master’s back”. That’s what
I’ve decided before Master even became the War King.]

[...I see.]

[Well, things have become so peaceful these days that it seems difficult to die.
Well, that’s why I will just leisurely serve Master in moderation until the end
of my life...]

[Good grief, that last part was unnecessary... You’re still the same lazy
bastard.]

[Ahaha.]

Whether it’s Megiddo-san who told that in an amazed manner, or Ozma, who laughed
while scratching his shaggy hair... Both of them looked somewhat happy, and I
could tell that they had a strong trust in each other.

Even though they had left out a lot of details about it, I was able to learn a
little bit about Ozma-san’s past. As he said that Megiddo-san was the only king
for him, Ozma-san’s expression looked radiant, while Megiddo-san seemed happy to
hear what he said... Somehow, of all the master and servant relationships I’ve
ever seen, that was the most dazzling scene I’ve ever seen.
