---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 3: Not Apology, Gratitude

Even though they were having a party, the Six Kings Festival had still just
begun, so I decided to leave at an appropriate time and returned to my
accommodations. Well, I heard that Megiddo-san and the others were going to
drink all night long, but as expected, drinking along with them would affect
tomorrow.

Though I say that, it’s still a little early. I have already had my dinner at
the party, and all I had to do now was to take a bath and go to bed. As I was
thinking about doing something to pass the time if Kuro and the others were
already back in our room, when I came back to the Japanese-style castle, which I
still am not used to seeing even though I’ve already stayed a night in it... I
saw someone familiar in front of the castle.

The woman with long golden hair dressed in suit-like clothes is definitely
Funf-san but... How should I say this... She’s acting kind of strange. It
doesn’t seem like she was going to enter the castle, but instead seemed to be
pondering something as she walked back and forth near the entrance gate. And as
I approached, I could hear Funf-san mumbling to herself.

[...Would I be a nuisance if I were to do this? Around this time, they should
have about finished his dinner, so there shouldn’t be any problem but... I guess
it would be better if I go after the day change? I’m sure he’s tired after
everything that’s happened today, so I might just be a nuisance for coming to
visit.]

[...Are you here to see someone?]

[I came to see Kaito, but I was thinking if it would be better to not come
today.]

[You came to see me?]

[Unnn, I came to... Unnn?]

Funf-san, who seemingly didn’t realize I was the one talking to her at the
beginning, stopped mid-sentence and turned to me with a surprised expression on
her face. Thereupon, the color of Funf-san’s hair changed to pink, and her
expression changed to flusteredness.

[K-Kaito?! W-Why are you here?]

[...No, even if you ask me why, I can only say this is where I’m staying...]

If anything, I should be the one asking why she’s here...

[T-That’s right... E-Even though my heart still isn’t ready yet... Unnn, but
this is alright. I’ve already thought about this beforehand.]

Funf-san seemed to be flustered, but after she mumbled something to herself in a
small voice, she calmed down and her hair returned to its golden color. Then,
after taking a deep breath, she looked me straight in the eyes and spoke.

[Kaito, can you “lend me your ugly mug” for a bit?]

[...Eh? Did I do anything to offend you, Funf-san?]

A line of dialogue that seemed to deviate from her image was suddenly spoken by
Funf-san, making me feel like she took that out of a delinquent manga.

[Eh? Arehh? That’s a slang you say in the other world when you want to bring
someone outside, right?]

[...Well, you aren’t completely wrong. It’s just, I might be being prejudiced
here... but I don’t think that’s really used in a very positive way.]

[...Is that so?]

[It kinda feels like someone wants to pick a fight with you and wants to bring
the fight outside.]

Apparently, it’s not that I had unknowingly been rude to her, it’s more like she
tried asking me out in a way that suited where I’m from and failed. Upon hearing
what I said, Funf-san’s face became pale.

[T-That’s not it, okay?! I didn’t come here because I have a problem with Kaito,
and instead, it was the opposite... Errr, I have something I want to talk to you
about, but not here where the Six Kings and other such people are so close by. I
was hoping we could change places.]

[Talk? Yes, I have time, so it’s alright.]

For the time being, it would be better not to mention Funf-san’s blunder too
much and just let it slide. If I were to follow up with her about this, it would
probably make her feel embarrassed or depressed, so it would be better to just
not be bothered about it. Well, I don’t actually particularly care about it, so
it’s not a problem at all. In fact, I’m relieved that I didn’t offend Funf-san.

[T-Thanks... Then, let’s go outside for a bit.]

[I understand.]

It seems that she has regained some of her composure at my response, and the
flusteredness on Funf-san’s expression disappears. However, judging from the
emotions conveyed by my Sympathy Magic, she still seems to be nervous. No, is
this really nervousness? The atmosphere around her seemed to be that of someone
who has something to say, but is reluctant to say it. Enveloped in that somewhat
delicate atmosphere, without many conversations with each other, we went down to
the ground floor of the Central Tower and went outside.

Incidentally, the night of the Six Kings Festival... is more like a normal
festival with stalls around us. During the daytime, there were many attractions
organized by Megiddo-san, but some of them have been closed and replaced by
restaurants, while some family-oriented attractions are still being used as
amusement facilities where visitors can pay to play in. Even so, this area
around the Central Tower left some impression on me because I saw it on the way
back, but I have a feeling that the whole building has changed quite a bit. No,
well, it seems that they change the facilities for each of the seven days, and
it may be possible for them to switch them out like day and night, but it’s
confusing when I actually see it.

That aside, hmmm... Funf-san is still not talking. The two of us are just
walking side by side, me being clueless where we are going. Maybe I should talk
to her, but I don’t really know what Funf-san is up to, so I don’t know how to
talk to her...

While I was thinking about this, one of the stalls suddenly caught my attention.
It wasn’t a particularly unusual stall, but it was a good opportunity to strike
up a conversation with Funf-san.

[Funf-san, would you like to eat some of those?]

[...Eh? A skewer stall?]

[Yes, look, didn’t we eat some skewers together before in the Symphonia
Kingdom?]

[Ahh\~\~ That did happen. Even though that was just a while ago, remembering
that makes me feel nostalgic.]

When I met Funf-san by chance in Symphonia’s royal capital before, we ate
skewers together. If I’m not mistaken, I should have eaten Forest Bull skewers
or something like that. Perhaps Funf-san also remembered that moment, as her
slightly stiff expression softened and a faint smile appeared on her face.

[If I remember correctly, didn’t Funf-san order mixed seafood skewers?]

[Right. Well, I don’t particularly like seafood, but the seafood skewers they
had back then looked really good.]

[Ahh\~\~ Seeing fish and shellfish being grilled on skewers or over the grill
certainly makes you crave for some.]

[Right, right! Shellfish tastes great, don’t they? Kaito is from the other
world, so you may already know this, but the shellfish just tastes so delicious
with the soy sauce that was introduced from your world.]

[I know what you mean... Talking about it makes me feel hungry. I’ll go order
for us two.]

[Ahh, in that case, I will...]

[No, this will be my treat.]

Telling that to Funf-san, whose mood was getting better, I made a short run for
the stall. Unfortunately, it wasn’t as big as the one in Symphonia’s royal
capital, and the only skewers available were barbecue-like vegetable and meat
skewers, but they looked incredibly delicious in a place like this. After buying
two skewers, I returned to where Funf-san waited for me and ate them together in
an area a little off the street. I guess the atmosphere of the festival makes
the skewers very tasty. I had just eaten dinner a little while ago, but I was
able to eat it in one bite.

After finishing the skewers, I looked at the people walking along the street a
short distance away. Although the Six Kings Festival is limited to invited
guests and their companions, there seemed to be a considerable number of people
participating, and as far as I could see, there seemed to be quite a lot of
traffic in this area. Even though we were only a short distance away from the
busy street where the stalls were, the place where Funf-san and I were was quiet
and isolated from the hustle and bustle of the festival. In such an environment,
Funf-san was holding the leftover stick from the skewer she had just finished
eating and was silent, not speaking a word. Although she wasn’t as stiff as
earlier, I now got the impression that she wasn’t sure how to start the
conversation.

There was no point in rushing her, so I decided to use this time to think about
Funf-san’s purpose. She seemed quite nervous at first, so there’s no doubt that
what she’s looking me for is quite important for Funf-san. I also heard that she
wasn’t here to complain about something to me or anything like that. While that
may be true, it isn’t like she’s here to confess to me either. The feelings of
guilt and confusion conveyed through my Sympathy Magic are as if she was about
to confess for her sins... Unnn? Arehh?

Ahh, I think I might have figured it out. It’s just a guess, but I think
Funf-san might have come to apologize to me. As for what she was about to
apologize for, needless to say, it must have been about Dr. Vier. Ahh\~\~ I see,
I feel like all my questions have been answered at once. The incident back then
had been very important for Funf-san, so I can understand why she’s nervous. The
reason she found it difficult to speak is probably that she’s not sure how to
broach the subject.

...However, hmmm... I have a few thoughts regarding that incident, so I can’t
just accept this apology of hers. As I had such thoughts in mind, Funf-san, who
had remained silent for a long time, turned to me with a determined expression
on her face.

[...K-Kaito, you see! What happened back—]

[Please wait a moment, Funf-san!]

[—Kaito?]

I interrupted her mid-sentence, and thrown off track, she dumbfoundedly tilted
her head. Facing such a Funf-san, I spoke with a serious look on my face.

[...Please don’t apologize.]

[Eh?]

[I think I somewhat understand what Funf-san was about to say. It’s probably an
apology for what happened at that time with Dr. Vier, right?]

[U-Unnn...]

It seems my prediction was right on target, as Funf-san nodded her head with a
slightly puzzled expression.

[If that’s the case... I can’t accept that apology. It’s not that I’m holding a
grudge or anything like that, it’s just that I don’t think it’s necessary for
you to apologize for that incident.]

[B-But I had...]

[Are you repenting for what happened? Were you thinking that it was wrong of you
to try to take Dr. Vier’s side?]

[T-That’s not it! It’s just, I was...]

[In that case... I really don’t think apologies are appropriate here.]

[?!]

Yes, I don’t need an apology for that incident. It’s not like Funf-san and I had
a falling out because of that or that either one of us was wrong or mistaken.

[At that time, both Funf-san and I thought and acted according to our ideas, and
as a result, we came into conflict with each other. I think I clashed with
Funf-san for that incident because Funf-san’s way of thinking is something I can
allow... In that case, I think that both of our ways of thinking were definitely
right.]

[...Kaito.]

[It’s not like there’s only one answer to everything, and even if both sides are
right, they can still have disagreements. I won’t resent Funf-san for that, and
Funf-san wouldn’t resent me for that either, right? If that’s the case... I
really don’t think there’s any need for an apology.]

I don’t think of myself as being hostile to Funf-san regarding that incident,
nor am I quarreling with her for that. Of course, I wouldn’t condemn her for
what happened... and to be honest, as long as she didn’t visit me like this, I
wouldn’t have cared about it.

[Let’s just say that both sides are right... and for the time being, why don’t
we leave it without any apologies or anything like that?]

[...Unnn... I guess you’re right. That is indeed the case... It certainly isn’t
right to apologize.]

After she muttered this, seemingly trying to digest her thoughts, her shoulders
relaxed and a gentle smile appeared on Funf-san’s lips. And then, Funf-san
slowly turned her gaze toward the night sky and began softly speaking.

[I have talked about her to you, didn’t I, Kaito? I didn’t mention Vee’s name,
but I mentioned how I had a family that I grew up with, like sisters.]

[Yes, that’s Dr. Vier, isn’t it?]

[...Unnn. I have always been regretting about it for a long time. At that
time... I haven’t been able to help Vee when she called herself the Demon Lord
and fought against the world...]

Just like that, Funf-san began to talk about her memories of the past... Her
past together with Dr. Vier and her regrets for not realizing what was inside
Dr. Vier’s heart, tormenting herself for what she had done. She was unable to
reach out immediately to the slight weakness that she had shown only to
herself... and when she was ready to reach out, her hand couldn’t reach Dr.
Vier’s. She has always regretted that, and regardless of the outcome, it seems
that being able to fight for Dr. Vier in that incident was a good opportunity
for Funf-san to settle her past regrets.

After a while, when she finished talking about the past, Funf-san turned her
face toward me and quietly spun her words.

[Hey, Kaito?]

[Yes?]

[You said you won’t accept my apology... but then, will you accept this?]

[What is it?]

[Thank you for helping Vee... Thank you for saving my family.]

What she told me wasn’t an apology, but thank you. It was difficult to
understand how much emotion was put into those short words... but it felt like a
big juncture for Funf-san. That’s why, the choice of not accepting it doesn’t
exist, so I nodded once and responded to it.

[Yes, you’re welcome.]

When we finished that exchange, Funf-san looked very refreshed.

[...Well, I spoke like what I did was that big of a deal, but I only got help
from a lot of people, and there’s not much I myself had done.]

[That may be so. However... The trigger wasn’t anyone else, it was Kaito.
Certainly, you may have had the cooperation of many different people when you
saved Vee. But still, there’s no doubt... that “the one who took the first step”
was you.]

As she said this, a really gentle smile appeared on Funf-san’s lips. Her
expression, illuminated by the lights of the Illumination Magic Tool set up all
around the venue, honestly looked so beautiful.

[...That’s what I think. I think that’s what’s so great about Kaito.]

[What’s so great about me?]

[Unnn. Following the path made by others is pretty easy. You just trace the road
that they had already made. However, to create a path of your own... Even just
taking the first step to change something takes a lot of courage. In fact, me,
Kuromu-sama, and everyone else couldn’t take that first step. However, Kaito
took that step forward. I think that’s why Vee, Neun, Kuromu-sama... and I were
able to change.]

It was unsparing praise, which somehow made me feel a little itchy, but at the
same time happy. I was somewhat worried about whether what I had done back then
was really the right thing to do or not, but I’m very happy to say that in the
end, it turned out to be the best ending.

[Seriously, I think it’s really cool that you can do that... Even though when I
first met you, I thought you were still just a child.]

[...Funf-san?]

[Fufufu, I mean Kaito is cool. That’s what you’d expect from a popular guy. I
wonder if I should announce my lover candidacy before it’s too late?]

[Wha?!]

When I was astonished by her sudden surprise attack, Funf-san gave a mischievous
smile.

![Insert 3](../../_Images/v13/Insert3.png#.insert)

[Just kidding! Your face turning that red... Fufufu, how cute.]

[...Are you teasing me?]

[I dunno, I wonder about that\~\~ Fufufu.]

[Funf-san?!]

[Ahaha, sorry, sorry, your reactions are just so cute that I couldn’t help
joking around.]

T-This feeling of being toyed with, although it’s frustrating... I don’t know if
it was her older sister-like atmosphere or not, or perhaps, I was just glad that
she was back to her normal routine, but I didn’t feel any anger. I just wasn’t
sure how I should respond, and as I’m finding it difficult to speak any further,
Funf-san suddenly grasped my hand.

[Kaito, do we still have time?]

[Eh? Yes, I still have a few hours.]

[Alright, since we’re at it, why don’t we go around the area?]

[...I suppose so. Shall we go then?]

[Unnn, unnn! With that decided, let’s go!]

[Wait?! Funf-san?!]

Just like that, Funf-san pulled my hand and started walking away. Eh? We’re
gonna walk while holding hands? Or rather, isn’t her grip so strong?! H-Hmmm...
Well, seems to be having more fun than ever, so I guess it’s alright?

---

While pulling Kaito’s hand a little forcefully, Funf walked without looking back
at Kaito... so that Kaito doesn’t see “her face turning red”.

(...That’s right. I’m just kidding... “at the moment”, that is.)

Within her mind was the conversation she just had with Kaito. Kaito’s words as
he stopped Funf from apologizing for the trouble she had caused him, and how he
told her that she had made the right choice as well… made her irrepressibly
happy.

(I’m still just finally able to shake off the past and walk forward. I’ve
discovered a lot of things in this one incident, and I have to do my best about
various things again...)

With these thoughts in mind, realizing that her feelings were facing forward,
Funf tightened her grip on Kaito’s hand just a little bit more.

(And someday, when I’m confident enough... It might be good to tell him what I
said earlier... not as a joke, but for real...)

---

After the turbulent first day, tomorrow’s second day will be the festival
organized by Lillywood-san. It seems that Lillywood-san is planning a festival
based on the theme “Interacting with Nature”, so unlike the first day, it
doesn’t seem like it would lead to a battle. I somewhat like peacefully walking
around the forest, so I’m looking forward to tomorrow. And thus, the second day
of the Six Kings Festival is...

[I’m going to wash your back today, Kaito-kun!]

[...I will... wash your back.]

[H-Hmmm. As for me, I’m already traumatized, so I’d like it if we could wear
swimsuits...]

“...Ummm, please calm down.”

...But before that, it seems that I have to face the same ordeal as the night
before the event... Can’t we just do a time skip like in those novels and head
straight to the second day?! Wouldn’t it be possible where we end it with just
the words “before I knew it, the day passed” or something like that?! I’m a
little tipsy right now, so I’m worried that I can’t hold on to my reasoning, you
know?! Also, why the heck are you here, “Lillywood-san”?!

“N-No, I don’t have any idea either... Ein just suddenly brought me here...”

[Ein-san did?]

The trio currently in front of me, Kuro, Isis-san and Alice are having a
frightening discussion about who will wash my back. Well, their discussions
aside... No, well, it’s not like I can really ignore what they’re discussing
now... As more importantly than that, why is Lillywood-san here? She at least
shouldn’t have been here yesterday. When I looked at Ein-san, who seemed to be
the cause of the problem, she nodded once for some reason before going closer to
where Kuro and the others were.

[Kuromu-sama, I don’t mean to be rude, but I have a suggestion to make.]

[Unnn? A suggestion?]

[Yes. Kaito-sama only has one body. Of course, there is the option of having the
three of you washing his back at the same time but... I suggest that we set up a
rotation schedule instead.]

[A rotation schedule?]

Whoa there, why do I feel like she suddenly started saying ridiculous stuff? I
at least know that these words weren’t meant to support me. In fact, I have a
feeling that what she’s saying is going to make things even worse...

When Kuro asked back while tilting her head, Ein-san bowed her head once and
continued.

[Yes. In this Six Kings Festival, I heard that each of you will be walking
around with Kaito-sama on the day you are in charge... How about “the person who
goes around with Kaito-sama tomorrow may monopolize Kaito-sama for the night and
bathe alone with Kaito-sama”?]

[ [ [ ?! ] ] ]

When Kuro and the others heard Ein-san’s outrageous words, they froze with faces
that seemed like they’d just seen the truth of the world... W-What should I
think about this? Is it better than going in with all of them? Or perhaps, is
this going to have more destructive power because a single person is focusing
their destructiveness on me? I-I’m not really sure. I was stunned by Ein-san’s
sudden suggestion, but there was another person who had the same expression on
his face.

“...Is it just my imagination? Given that I’m being brought here... I feel that
Ein’s statement “included me in this” as if it’s a matter of course?”

[What a coincidence. That’s how it sounded to me too.]

Exchanging glances, Lillywood-san and I exchanged words with each other. But
oblivious to our confusion, Kuro and the others started thinking with serious
expressions on their faces.

[I’ll have more time alone with Kaito-kun!]

[...T-That would certainly make me feel a little less embarrassed, so I guess
I’m rather in favor of that suggestion.]

[...Ein... Genius.]

...Why does it feel like the suggestion would be accepted? W-What do I do now?
Should I throw out my objection here? Thinking about Lillywood-san, I think I
should stop them here... I’m not sure yet if Lillywood-san is included in their
count or I would be able to take a bath alone tonight...

[Then, it’s Lillywood’s turn today!]

[...Unnn.]

[I guess so.]

They included her too?! No, no, you can’t do that! Putting Kuro and the others
aside since they want it themselves, but Lillywood-san wouldn’t want...

[Wait, everyone, that is...]

“Please wait. That’s something I can’t accept.”

As I was about to complain to them, Lillywood-san interrupted me and spoke up
first. Unnn, I knew Lillywood-san wouldn’t like that, so it’s better if
Lillywood-san tells them herself...

“”I don’t really mind” if that were the case, but wouldn’t Kaito-san dislike
that? I won’t accept this without Kaito-san’s approval.”

Eh? Arehh? Why do I feel like I heard words that I wasn’t expecting? I somehow
feel like I heard Lillywood-san say something like she doesn’t mind taking a
bath with me. I guess I misheard her huh... That’s right, I obviously heard it.
There’s no way that the modest Lillywood-san would ever say such a thing...

[I see, what do you think, Kaito-kun? Do you dislike taking a bath together with
Lillywood?]

[...Unnn? No, it’s not that I dislike that but Lillywood-san wouldn’t...]

[Then, there’s no problem!]

[...Eh?]

“That’s right. If Kaito-san doesn’t mind, then certainly.”

[...Arehh?]

T-That’s weird? Why the heck am I still hearing things? I somehow feel like I
heard Lillywood-san say “certainly” or something like that...

[L-Lillywood-san?! A-Are you sure about that? We’re going to be taking a bath
together, you know?!]

“Yes. I don’t really think Kaito-san would enjoy bathing with a “tree” like me
but...”

[...Huh? Eh?]

Tree? Arehh? Could it be that for Lillywood-san... Could it be that as a tree
spirit, she considers herself as someone more like a tree rather than a living
being, so she doesn’t care about things like that? T-This is bad! Even if
Lillywood-san thinks that she is a tree, I can only see Lillywood-san as a
beautiful woman, so I think I should find a way to somehow move this suggestion
out...

“However, I’m glad to hear that Kaito-san doesn’t mind. I also wanted to deepen
my friendship with Kaito-san, but I couldn’t find the time to do so... I’m
really happy to have an opportunity like this.”

[Ahh, i-is that so...]

“Yes. Thank you very much.”

[...]

W-When she smiles with such heartfelt joy on her face, there’s no way I can say
that I want to stop this now...

Guhh... There’s no way I can make Lillywood-san, who was this delighted, to be
dejected. In that case, I’ll just have to do my best to endure it... Well, I
guess it would be alright huh? Lillywood-san is a proper, mature woman. She’s
ladylike, so there’s no way that she would do anything strange. Unnn, I think it
would rather be easier for me to maintain my reasoning with her rather than when
I’m taking a bath together with Kuro and the others. With that in mind, I agreed
to take a bath with Lillywood-san. What I didn’t realize though is that my
naivety in perspective would come back to haunt me as a terrifying penance...
which I didn’t know at that time...

Going into the bathroom first, I lightly poured warm water over my body before
soaking in the hot spring, waiting for Lillywood-san.

...Why did the “scenery here become so different from yesterday”? What kind of
arrangement did they place here? The trees were dazzlingly green and lined with
leaves, making me feel as if I was taking a bath on an onsen in the middle of a
forest. This feels cool and refreshing, so taking a bath here is great.

“I’m sorry to keep you waiting.”

[Ah, no... Huh?]

As I was thinking about this, I heard Lillywood-san’s calm voice call out,
making me reflexively turn towards her... and stiffen.

[W-W-Wha...]

“Is something the matter, Kaito-san?”

When Lillywood-san appeared, her white skin, which is usually hidden by her
poncho-like ethnic-style clothing, was unsparingly exposed and even seemed to
glow. And the most eye-catching things are those huge twin hills that look like
melons, boasting their overwhelming presence... and those well-shaped
protrusions at their peaks...

[Why the heck are you “barenakeeeeeed”?!]

“Eh? Isn’t bathing supposed to be done without any clothes?”

[Please wrap a towel or something around your body!!!]

“H-Huhh... But I’m a tree, so...”

[I don’t care if you’re a tree or not, just wrap a towel around your body!!!]

“Ah, y-yes?!”

Hurriedly turning my gaze away from Lillywood-san, I shouted. I-I was completely
caught off guard... I had an uncomfortable feeling ever since I agreed to take a
bath together with her, but Lillywood-san... Don’t you have any shame at all?! I
mean, her stance was that she was a tree, so she’s probably thinking that I
won’t be lusting after her if I saw her naked.

I-I never expected that Lillywood-san, who I thought was the safest, was the
most unguarded of them all... I felt like I’d been corkscrewed even though we
just started bathing together. Especially her tremendously destructive body. It
was completely burned into my brain. T-This is quite dangerous.

“Well then, I’ll be entering the bath too... As I recall, ‘it’s proper manners
to not soak your towel in the bath’, right?”

[No, you can’t!]

“Eh?”

[Today’s onsen isn’t a murky one, so you definitely can’t do that!]

“E-Errr...”

[Please enter the bath with the towel still wrapped around you. Please. I’m
begging you!]

“I-I understand...”

At this point, I don’t care about the etiquettes of entering an onsen anymore.
If I keep seeing Lillywood-san’s amazing body, I feel like my reasoning would be
smashed to pieces. Even though she was confused why I looked at her menacingly,
Lillywood-san nodded and soaked in the onsen with her towel wrapped around her
body.

“Haahhh... This feels great. It’s nice to soak in warm water once in a while,
isn’t it?”

[E-Errr, do you not usually soak in hot water?]

“I usually only take a cold bath. That bath would also be my meal...”

It seems that Lillywood-san, a tree spirit, basically doesn’t eat solid food and
only drinks water. Being careful not to look at Lillywood-san’s direction as
much as possible, I try to distract myself by continuing the conversation.

“Even so, fufufu... It’s been a long time since I’ve bathed with someone like
this. I’ve only bathed with Isis and the others a few times, you see.”

[Is that so... I know it’s a little late to ask this now, but are you really
sure you want to be in a bath together with me?]

“Yes, I’m glad to be able to deepen my friendship with you, Kaito-san.”

[...]

She doesn’t have any intentions. She doesn’t have any intentions. She doesn’t
have any intentions... Calm down, don’t have any strange delusions.

“Rather, isn’t it me who should ask if it’s alright with you to take a bath
together with me, Kaito-san? A tree like me wouldn’t only add up to the scenery
at best, wouldn’t it?”

[N-No, rather... I don’t think of Lillywood-san as a tree at all. You look like
a normal woman in my eyes.]

“Really? But look, my hair is just a bundle of leaves, you know?”

[...I’m not talking about something like that.]

Lillywood-san’s hair is certainly made up of layers of green leaves, but to be
honest, that’s the only thing tree-ish. The rest of her body looked like the
body of a female human... It’s impossible for me to think of her as a tree.

“No, there are also other parts... Look at this.”

[Wha?! W-What are you doing?!]

“Ehh? No, as I was saying, my “feet are actually roots”...”

[Could you please not spread your legs?! I can see it, you know?!]

“You can see it? Ahh, you mean my “genitals”? That certainly was quite indecent
of me. I’m sorry.”

[Could you please say such things out loud?! Also, that’s not the point, you
know?!]

H-Hey, isn’t she seriously too unpredictable and unguarded?! Doesn’t she realize
that she’s a beautiful woman?! Also, does she even understand that I’m a man?

“...H-Huhh... However, even if Kaito-san sees the body of a tree like me, it’s
not like Kaito-san would get sexually aroused...”

[I will get aroused! I am sexually aroused!]

“...Ehh? I-Is that so? H-However, I am...”

[No matter what Lillywood-san thinks of yourself, I can only see Lillywood-san
as a beautiful woman!]

“......”

When I shouted these things, feeling as if my face was almost boiling hot,
Lillywood-san looked at me in a daze.

“...I-Is that so... You’re a strange person.”

Apparently, Lillywood-san was really surprised that I was feeling aroused by the
sight of her body, as she stared at me with her eyes wide open.No, I’m pretty
sure my reaction is more normal. I mean, Lillywood-san, you’ve probably only
shown your body to people like Isis-san, haven’t you? Lillywood-san probably
doesn’t know this, but I’m sure other guys would have the same reaction as me...

After a few moments of silence, just like a blooming flower, she smiled
beautifully.

“...You’re a really strange person. However, being told by you like that... I
don’t know the reason why, but I guess I, “who feels happy about that”... am
also strange.”

[...E-Errr.]

“I’m sorry. I’ll make sure to behave like a woman in front of you, Kaito-san.”

[Ah, y-yes. I’ll be thankful for that.]

“Yes, fufufu...”

Chuckling for a bit, Lillywood-san straightened her posture and looked at me
with an elegant smile on her face. I wonder why? Was it because of the
conversation we had earlier... but my heart is strangely pounding so fast. I-I
didn’t see this one coming... It seems like this mixed bath together with
Lillywood-san isn’t going to be easy.

Even though I was pushed into a corner by a shocking no-guard strategy, I
succeeded in persuading Lillywood-san with a game-changing move. Of course, I
still received an enormous amount of the damage, but it seems like the tough
fight would still continue. Well, putting that aside... I don’t know if it’s my
imagination or not, but why does it seem like there’s something on
Lillywood-san’s hair... or rather, in her hair-like leaves? Lillywood-san
originally had long hair, but her hair is now even longer than before... I mean,
doesn’t it seem like it’s increasingly encroaching on the bathtub?! It’s
increasing! It’s definitely increasing!

[...Ummm, Lillywood-san?]

“Yes?”

[It’s just that, your hair... I mean, your leaves, they’re increasing, you
know?]

“Ahh, my apologies. I was just feeling comfortable...”

When I pointed this out, Lillywood-san apologized and returned her hair to its
original length... I wonder if she can change it as she wants just like Raz-san?
Rather... Does that mean Lillywood-san’s hair gets longer when she’s feeling
good? Ahh, come to think of it, her hair withered when she was tired before...
It appears that Lillywood-san’s hair changes depending on her condition.

“Speaking of which, we’re on an onsen, right? I don’t bathe in an onsen that
much, but how do Humans enjoy their time here?”

[Hmmm. Let’s see. Of course, you can enjoy the scenery while washing your body,
but you can also drink while soaking in the onsen.]

“I see... I can prepare some “fruit wine” right away, would you like some?”

[Eh? Ah, yes. I’d certainly love to have some if it’s alright with you.]

I’ve never drank fruit wines that much before... Or rather, I’ve never drank
anything but beer in my original world, so I’m interested. I’m also looking for
a way to change the mood, so her suggestion was a welcome one.

“Well then, please wait for a moment...”

As she said this, a branch grew out of Lillywood-san’s hair and a Fruit of the
World Tree that I’m so familiar with appeared. The fruit then changes shape, as
if it is being squeezed by an invisible hand, and the juice that was being
squeezed out is poured into a wooden cup that had been prepared before I knew
it. After squeezing the juice from several fruits, Lillywood-san held up her
hand and the wooden cup was enveloped in a faint light, which subsided after a
few seconds.

“Here you go.”

[...Thank you.]

As if it’s a matter of course, a fruit wine was made in front of me... Making
use of Fruits of the World Tree feels a bit too luxurious, but I guess that’s
what makes it look incredibly delicious. The scent is very strong, but it’s not
sharp, feeling soft and natural instead. Well then, since this is freshly-made,
let’s have a... wait, arehh? I know it’s strange for me to question this now
but... since Lillywood-san is the World Tree... Which means that the Fruit of
the World Tree is made from Lillywood-san’s body, so to speak...

Eh? Arehh? That means that the alcohol in this cup was also made from
Lillywood-san’s body... In other words, one can think of this as “something that
was part of Lillywood-san’s body”... and I’m going to put that into my mouth?
T-This is bad, the weirdest thought popped out of my mind! W-W-W-What should I
do? This is bad. After what happened earlier, I’m being completely conscious
about things.

H-However, after asking for the drink myself, I can’t just say I’m too
embarrassed to drink it...

“...Kaito-san?”

[T-Thank you for the drink!]

When she called out to me, I panicked and took a sip of the fruit wine. As I
took a sip, the mellow aroma filled my mouth and stimulated my brain with its
tremendous taste. I would have liked to say that this is tasty, as to be
expected from a luxurious item, but because of my weird thoughts, I felt giddy
with each sip.

Thinking that just taking sips was a bad idea, I drank all the alcohol at once
and called out to Lillywood-san. As for what strategy I will use to divert my
mind... I forgot all about it, but let’s just run away from this place and
reorganize my thoughts.

[L-Lillywood-san... I-I’ll go wash my body now!]

As I was saying this, that’s when I noticed something. That it was a stupid
thing to say... I was going to run away, but I stupidly cut off my own path of
retreat. After I said this, just as I had expected...

“Ahh, then I will wash your back.”

...She didn’t let me escape. Hey, isn’t the Six Kings’ blocking ability too
great? Is it that? Is that also the same logic as to why you can’t escape from a
boss fight?

[N-No, there’s no need for Lillywood-san to bother...]

“No, please let me help you. Kaito-san has always been a help to me after all.”

[...Y-Yes...]

Seeing her 100% pure smile, thoughts of refusing sunk down. To be honest, I
don’t remember taking care of Lillywood-san at all, even though she was the one
who had always been taking care of me... but I can’t say anything when people
show such pure good will for me.

W-Well, calm down... It should be fine now. Lillywood-san has agreed to hide her
body, and with her serious nature, there is no need for me to worry about her
breaking her promise. Then, I’ll just have my back washed like normal. Of
course, I will feel nervous while that is happening, but there won’t be a
problem... or so I thought. However, as if to mock me as I stepped out of the
onsen with such thoughts in mind, I heard Lillywood-san’s voice from behind me.

“Hmm… K-Kaito-san.”

[Y-Yes?]

Making sure that I won’t look back when Lillywood-san called, I replied...

“It’s just, the towel is too small and won’t wrap around my chest...”

[...]

I see. It seems that her towel, which isn’t that big, though it isn’t as small
as a face towel, isn’t enough to cover Lillywood-san’s body.

“...Would it be alright if I just grow my hair out to hide them instead?”

[...Yes.]

Could it be that I have been rude to the God of Bath or something like that in a
previous life? Otherwise, why am I always in a predicament like this when I
enter a bathroom...

The bathroom should be a place where we wash our mind, a place where we heal
ourselves. It’s not a place where we play a mental chicken game, nor is it a
place for one’s reasoning to strain to the point of boiling over. Behind me,
currently sitting on a wooden chair, is the “almost naked” Lillywood-san. The
only thing hiding Lillywood-san’s body is her hair-turned leaves... Arehh? What
is this? I didn’t see her body firsthand, but thinking about how she’s hiding
her important parts with her hair is a little too erotic... Or rather, in the
first place, I wonder if Lillywood-san’s melon-like breasts can really be hidden
just by her hair. I mean, even if her breasts were hidden, with their size, I
would still be able to see everything underneath...

“Kaito-san.”

[I’m sorry!!!]

“...Eh? Why did you suddenly apologize?”

[Ah, n-no! It’s nothing!]

Calm down, stop being so excited. The more I imagine strange things, the more
I’m strangling myself. Empty my mind, free myself from obstructive thoughts...
Unnn? Arehh? Why is there a “tree growing next to me”?

[E-Errr, Lillywood-san? If I’m not seeing things, it kinda feels like a tree
growing next to me, you know?]

“Yes, The fruit of this tree is soft and suitable for washing the body.”

[I-I see.]

...A loofah? No, a tawashi huh... After listening to Lillywood-san’s
explanation, I touched the fruit growing on the tree and felt its squishy and
soft elasticity. Its skin is a little rough, but that’s why it feels like a
sponge, looking easy to use.

“Well then, I will start washing your back, okay?”

[I-I will be in your care.]

“I don’t have much experience in doing this, so please let me know if I missed
anything.”

When Lillywood-san calmly said this, the fruit she was holding was pressed
against my back and she slowly scrubbed my back with her gentle hands. Hmmm. It
has a nice elasticity and feels pretty good. It also feels like it’s foaming
well. This plant is pretty good...

While I was thinking about this, I surrendered myself to the comfort of having
my back rubbed... but for some reason, the elastic things that were against my
back had “increased”. Arehh? I wonder if Lillywood-san decided to use another
sponge? The new sponge feels smooth and soft. However, something kind of strange
though? It was barely moving, you know? No, they were moving up and down a
little bit, but she wasn’t using it as much as the other sponge. Also, it seems
to be “a lot bigger” than the sponge she used first...

[...Ummm, Lillywood-san?]

“Yes? Are you feeling itchy somewhere?”

[Ah, no, I didn’t mean that... I’m sorry if I misunderstood. However, ummm... Is
your “chest touching my back” by any chance?]

“Yes, I’m sorry about that. I can’t really change the size of my body like
Kuromueina or Shalltear...”

[...]

I felt the blood rush to my head at once when she nonchalantly said those words.
Eh? That means, errr, this... T-The smooth and elastic thing touching my back is
hair-turned leaves... a-and Lillywood-san’s...

“Errr, where’s the container for washing the body... there it is. Ah, excuse
me.”

[?!?!]

Lillywood-san reached out to pick up a wooden bucket that was placed a short
distance away from us, and something squishy pressed against my back. Aaaahhhh?!
They’re pressing against me! Those extremely soft lumps of elasticity are being
squashed against my back!

“Well then, I will wash it down, okay?”

[...Yesh.]

“...Kaito-san?”

[I’m owrite.]

Nothingness! Keep your mind into nothingness! Don’t think about anything! The
things pressed against my back are probably just “soft volleyballs”! They’re
definitely not breasts!!! Assumptions are something immensely powerful. Just
keep persuading yourself, keep fooling your thoughts! Once you’re clearly aware
of it, you’re done for! A certain part of me will bring me in quite the trouble.

A-At a time like this, I think I should do that. I think I should imagine
something scary. Picture the object of your fear!

—My beloved child.

... Al... right. That calmed me down a bit. No, I don’t mean to be rude to her,
but the first thing that pops into my mind when I think of someone scary is
Eden-san with her switch turned on. But thanks to that, I felt like I quickly
got rid of the blood rushing to my head and helped...

“With this, I washed your back. I guess “I’ll wash the front” next.”

[Y-You don’t have to do the front!]

“You don’t have to be that reserved.”

[No, no, I’m not being reserved here, I’m... Ah.]

“...Eh?”

Just when I thought I had calmed down a bit, I heard words that sounded like a
death sentence. I hurriedly refused, but Lillywood-san smoothly moved in front
of me. It seems like she had covered her breasts with her hair and wrapped her
towel around her lower body, so the scene wasn’t as shocking as when she first
went into the onsen but... the fact that they’re slightly being covered made it
even worse.

I am a man. In a situation like this, no matter how hard I try to calm my mind,
a part of my body would still react, whether I want it to or not. Of course, it
was covered with a towel. However, it was obvious even from the towel that that
part was asserting itself, and Lillywood-san’s gaze was focused on that
extremely dangerous part.

[...Ah, n-no, ummm, t-this is...]

“...”

[U-Ummm, Lillywood-san?]

“...You really got aroused huh. I thought you were just saying that for
politeness’ sake…”

[Eh?]

“No, it’s nothing. I’m sorry. Kaito-san, you will wash your front by yourself,
right?”

[Ah, y-yes! I will wash it myself!]

“I understand. Well then, I’m going to go back to the onsen first.”

I’m not really sure why, but for some reason, Lillywood-san nodded, looking like
she understood something before moving behind me with a slight smile on her
lips. Then, unlike what she had been insisting earlier, she told me that she
would leave it to me to wash my front myself as she went back to the onsen. Not
knowing what Lillywood-san’s intentions were, I was a little stunned, but I just
picked up the sponge fruit she had left behind and slowly began to wash myself.

“...I see. So this is how it feels like to be embarrassed huh... Fufufu, it
seems like I am definitely a woman too.”

Hearing such a small murmur, I couldn’t help but feel my head heat up again even
though it almost subsided already. Lillywood-san guard was really loose, and my
heart was constantly beating so fast. This is probably because she thinks of
herself as a tree, and in a way, it is probably unavoidable because of her race.

However, the words she muttered last—seemed very womanly to me.
