---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 5: Third Day of the Six Kings Festival

Taking a dip in the large bathtub, I washed away the fatigue of the day.

I took a bottle of beer out of my magic box, poured it into a glass and drank
it. Drinking cold beer in a warm bath... Hmmm, this is bliss. Kuro and the
others have set a rule: the person who would go around with me the next day
would be the one taking a bath with me. Following that rule, tomorrow... will be
the festival planned by Magnawell-san, and there is no one to whom I planned to
go around with. That means I can take a bath alone tonight.

Taking a bath together with Kuro and the others is fun, but sometimes, it’s nice
to drink alone like this...

[We’ll be intruuuudiiiing\~\~! Miyama-kun, we’ve come\~\~]

[Bfuuuuhhh?!]

With the sound of the door opening, I heard a familiar voice... of someone who
wasn’t supposed to be here. Perhaps, because I was taken by surprise, I
reflexively turned around and saw Dr. Vier with a large bath towel wrapped
around her body.

[D-Dr. Vier?! W-What are you doing here?!]

[Ehehe, I came here to see you, Miyama-kun.]

With her beautiful skin that was normally hidden in her nun habit exposed,
combined with her dark gray hair bundled up to a bun, the bashfully smiling Dr.
Vier looked different from usual.

[N-No, even if you say that you came to see me...]

[Unnn? Ah, my work is alright. I’ve entrusted my patients to my fellow doctors,
and are closing my clinic for today and tomorrow!]

[N-No, I guess that’s great if that were the case but... I’m not talking about
that. Why are you here in the bath while I’m here?]

[Well\~\~ I talked to Kuromu-sama about going around the festival with
Miyama-kun... Then, I heard that Miyama-kun might be free on the fourth day,
tomorrow. That’s why I’ve directly come to talk to you about going around
together. Thereupon, I heard about this wonderful rule that the girl who was
going around with Miyama-kun the next day could take a bath with Miyama-kun, so
I rushed over!]

[...]

I-I wonder where I should tsukkomi at? I mean, this is the first time I’ve heard
of that rule even applying to those who want to jump in... No, rather than
questioning that, errr, does this mean Dr. Vier wanted to go around with me
tomorrow? There’s nothing wrong about that per se. In fact, Dr. Vier is actually
counted as “my companion”. I was told that Dr. Vier had received an invitation
as well, but she wanted to join me as my companion. I originally visited Dr.
Vier with the intention of inviting her, so I just agreed. However, Dr. Vier is
a doctor and she has a job she needs to do at the clinic. That’s why it was
difficult for her to participate in the entire Six Kings Festival and she didn’t
come here with us.

Well, that’s why Dr. Vier is nominally my companion, and there’s no problem with
us going around together...

[E-Errr, I certainly hadn’t decided on going around with anyone in particular
tomorrow, so I don’t have any problem with that... Are you fine with that, Dr.
Vier? Isn’t it better if you go around with Kuro and her family...]

[Of course, I’m going to greet everyone in Kuromu-sama’s family and go around
with them on the sixth day.]

[Ahh, you also have other free days huh. I’m relieved then.]

[Fufufu, thank you for worrying about me. It makes me happy.]

[Ah, no...]

Dr. Vier has started to smile more brightly than before... I guess it’s really
because she’s connected again with her family huh? I even feel like she
resembles Kuro in some ways. Adding her klutziness to that makes her seem like a
lovely woman.

As I was thinking about this, Dr. Vier spontaneously moved near the onsen and I
turned my head away. Thereupon, with the sound of her body being washed down,
Dr. Vier came into the onsen.

[Fuuu\~\~ That feels good\~\~]

[I-It certainly does.]

I know it’s a little late to say this, but Dr. Vier is an incredibly beautiful
woman. She also seems to be the type whose figure is hidden in her clothes, as
her breasts are quite large from what I saw earlier. She has the body of a
mature lady, and just the thought of taking a bath with her makes me nervous...

[Arehh? Hikari is quite late, isn’t she?]

[Eh? Neun-san? Is Neun-san coming too?]

[Unnn. I thought it would be nice if Miyama-kun, me and Hikari could go around
together, so I asked her to come. Hikari agreed, and so, we came to the changing
room together…]

I don’t have any objection in having the three of us go around the festival with
Neun-san. However, the big problem is that special rule about having a mixed
bath with me. No, in the first place, I don’t think that the shy Neun-san would
have a mixed bath with me. Just as I was thinking that though, I heard the door
open again. No way, she’s really going here?!

[Ahh, you finally showed up, Hika... Eh?]

[Dr. Vier? What’s the matt... Huh?]

For some reason, Dr. Vier sounded confused, stopping in the middle of her
sentence, so I followed her gaze and looked in the door’s direction... There
stands Neun-san, with a ridiculous get-up. Eh? I mean, is that really Neun-san?

![Insert 4](../../_Images/v13/Insert4.png#.insert)

[...T-Thank you for waiting.]

[N-No, that’s fine and well but...]

[N-Neun-san? T-That get-up is...]

The sound of armor clanking and heavy footsteps thudding... Yes, Neun-san had
appeared in full body armor that was more than two sizes larger than usual.
Isn’t that too bulky?! It looks like she’s riding some kind of robot now, you
know?! I mean, how the heck can she walk with such heavy-looking equipment?!

[This is that. My “bathing suit”!]

[No, no, how the heck are you taking such an “iron golem”-like outfit in the
bath?! I mean, does that armor have any gaps for water to wash your body?]

[It’s alright. Vier... I made this so that “not even a drop of water could pass
through”! It’s made of magic, so the joints are working fine!]

[That’s no good then! What do you think we’re going to do in this place, for you
to come in that get-up?!]

I totally agree with Dr. Vier’s cry. I mean, that doesn’t look like you’re about
to take a bath, she’s so heavily equipped as if she was about to go diving into
the deep sea. No, I mean... If you’re so embarrassed about having a mixed bath
with me, you could just not come in here...

Neun-san, wearing an outfit different from usual, suddenly appeared in front of
Dr. Vier and I. Dressed in a heavy jet-black full-body armor, she looked as if
she had undergone some kind of “dark evolution”. Who would have thought that
Neun-san, who was once called the Hero and saved the world, would make her
entrance as a black Iron Golem? If the believers of the First Hero saw her, they
might tumble down and scamper away. That’s how shocking her appearance was.

In any case, Neun-san who was originally about 160cm tall, has now grown to over
2m, so I’m sure that her armor is quite thick...

[...Dr. Vier, please say something.]

[Well, Hikari is such an idiot sometimes.]

Seeing Neun-san approaching the bathtub with her heavy footsteps echoing in the
bathroom, Dr. Vier and I exchange words with each other, dumbfounded. Neun-san
didn’t seem to mind our reactions though, and coming near the bath, she
squats... “She started washing herself... her armor, before taking a bath”.

...No... That doesn’t make any sense, you know?! It’s just the armor you’re
wearing!

[...Ummm, Neun-san? I’m not asking you to get naked, but could you at least wear
something lighter instead of such heavy equipment...]

Why the heck am I talking about making someone wear heavy equipment or light
equipment in the bathroom? I don’t know if it’s because there’s too much power
in my words or not, but even I got confused when I myself said it. Once she
heard my words, Neun-san stopped moving before she slowly shook her head.

[...I can’t. Before I get married, I can’t afford to unnecessarily expose my
skin to gentlemen.]

[...I-Is that so...]

S-She won’t listen?! She won’t even listen even when she’s told that she’s being
too extreme?! I couldn’t get my head around imagining the unrealistic situation
of a giant armor soaking in a bathtub. Thereupon, Neun-san seems to have
finished washing her body... her armor, I mean, and slowly began to soak in the
onsen. I don’t think I would have to explain what would happen if Neun-san, who
is so heavily equipped that she’s described as an Iron Golem, got into the
onsen... The water was pushed out at once, turning to a small wave, hitting my
body.

[...Neun-san, can you feel the hot water in your armor?]

[Please don’t worry. It’s “completely waterproof”!!!]

[Doesn’t that make it that bathing here makes no sense at all?!]

Seriously, what the heck is she even here for? I know that I’ve already said
this but... If you’re so embarrassed about having a mixed bath with me, you
could just not come in here... As I was dumbfoundedly thinking about this, Dr.
Vier, who hadn’t spoken a word for a while now, spoke.

[Hey, Hikari? That armor was something you made from your magic power, right?]

[Yes, what of it?]

[...”Dispel”.]

[...Ehh?]

[...Eh?]

At the moment Dr. Vier muttered that word, something that sounded like breaking
glass resounded... The full body armor that Neun-san was wearing
“disappeared”...

[Soaking in the waters with armor on is just plain bad manners. That’s why, I’ll
forcibly cancel that out...]

Let’s try to sort out the information I had here. Neun-san was dressed in a
rather thick full-body armor and was soaking in the waters in that state. And
this armor is apparently completely waterproof, impervious to even a drop of
water. In that case, this armor that kept the onsen water away from Neun-san’s
body... what would happen when this armor suddenly disappears? In other words,
Neun-san’s body, which had been hidden by the armor until then, even though it
might be a short time, would be completely exposed.

And this is the most important part. Because the impact of her armor was just so
great... “My body is currently facing Neun-san”... And with the disappearance of
her armor, the scene was definitely burned into my eyes. Her porcelain white
skin exposed, her black hair tied up in a bun... those bulges that indicate that
Neun-san is a woman, and the protrusions sticking out on their top. I have seen
all of them.

[ \~ \~ \~ \~ \~ \~ ?!?!?! ]

In front of me, who completely stiffened after what I’d seen, Neun-san’s face
flushed as if she was about to explode, and she let out an inarticulate scream.
Then, after her mouth opened and closed, with her face bright red, as if she ran
out of oxygen... Neun-san “sank into the onsen”.

[N-Neun-san?!]

[Hikari?! A-Are you alright? T-This is... Hmmm.]

[Dr. Vier? How’s Neun-san?]

[Ahh. She’s completely knocked out.]

Dr. Vier, who had hurriedly rescued the sinking Neun-san, shook her head with a
sigh after checking her condition. Apparently, she was so embarrassed that she
had fainted. I think I saw another person in that state a while ago.

[...Dr. Vier, no matter how I look at it, suddenly casting magic like that on
her is...]

[I-I’m sorry. I didn’t expect that she would overreact this much... I think it’s
better if we let her sleep outside for the moment. Miyama-kun, I’ll take Hikari
out, so I’ll be going first, okay?]

[Ah, yes.]

Dr. Vier, who was the cause of the problem, didn’t expect that Neun-san would
overreact this much... Too much that she would end up fainting. With an awkward
expression on her face, Dr. Vier said that she would go up first and take care
of Neun-san.

[I’m really sorry that it has become quite boisterous. After you get out of the
bath, let’s talk again. All three of us.]

[I understand. I also have to apologize to Neun-san later.]

Even though what happened earlier was out of my control, I saw Neun-san naked.
Neun-san is a woman with a very old-fashioned way of thinking, so seeing her
naked body is probably a more serious event than I would have thought. Anyway,
I’ll sincerely apologize when she wakes up.

I was left alone in the bath after that ruckus with Dr. Vier and Neun-san, but I
was worried about the two of them, so I decided to get out of the onsen soon
after they left. Hmmm, in the end, I wasn’t able to take my time and rest... I
guess my bath time really is cursed huh? Anyway, I got out of the bath as soon
as possible, thoroughly wiped my body and went out of the changing room.
However, I didn’t see Dr. Vier and Neun-san when I got out. I guess Neun-san may
have not woken up yet and so, they hadn’t come out of their changing room yet
huh.

Thinking about this, I took out a bottle of milk from the magic tool that
resembles a refrigerator, which is set up in front of the bathroom. It feels
wonderful, having cold milk right after taking a bath. It certainly feels like a
VIP treatment... Incidentally, I’m in the Fruit Milk faction. Following the
etiquette of Japanese baths, I firmly placed one of my hands on my hip while the
other brought the opened fruit milk into my mouth and I tried to drink it all in
one gulp...

[Miyama-kun?!]

[Bfuuhhhh?!]

When I saw Dr. Vier come running out of the changing room, I spurted out all the
milk in my mouth. I’m very sorry for the mess I made on the floor, but I don’t
think I can do anything about it. The reason for this is because Dr. Vier, who
came out of the changing room, was wearing only a calming indigo-colored bra
with hardly any unnecessary decorations, but with a sense of elegance in it, and
panties of the same color... In short, she rushed out “in just her underwear”.

[Kerhek, keheok... D-Dr. Vier?! W-What the heck are you doing?!]

[H-Help me, Miyama-kun!]

[Eh? Help? Ahh, wait, why are you going behind me?!]

When I hurriedly asked her back, flustered by the erotic sight of Dr. Vier, just
in her underwear, she didn’t answer, but instead, walked around behind me and
stuck close to my back, as if hiding behind me. Eh? What is this? What’s going
on? Ahh, I kind of felt something soft on my back... Wait, stop thinking about
them! What in the world is happening...

[Viiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeerrrrrr!!!]

[Hyyyiiiiihhhh?!]

As I was feeling puzzled by Dr. Vier’s actions, I heard an incredibly angry
voice that seemed to be calling out from the pits of hell. Thereupon, from the
entrance of the women’s changing room... a knight from hell came out.

It was Neun-san, looking like a mad warrior, clad in full body armor of flaming
crimson, and carrying a greataxe that could chop off the head of a dragon, let
alone a human.

[I-I’m sorry, Hikari! I never expected that that would happen...]

[I won’t forgive you... How dare you... How dare you do that in front of
Kaito-san... If you want to continue where we left off a thousand years ago,
then it’s fine by me! This time, I’ll cut off your head!!!]

[Hyiiiiiiihhh, y-you’re not a Hero anymore, you’re just a berserker. I’m sorry
already!]

[No! Today for sure, no matter how much you hide behind Kaito-san... behind
Kaito-san... Kaito-san... Eh?]

Neun-san approached us while overflowing magic power was gushing out from her
entire body, but when she arrived in front of me, she stopped for some reason.
Then, after a short silence, she slowly lowered the greataxe that was on her
shoulder.

[U-Ummm, Neun-san? P-Please calm down.]

[...Ah, n-no, this is... a misunderstanding. Errr... I’m sorry, if you will
excuse me.]

[...Eh?]

When I tried to calm Neun-san down, she replied in a very flustered voice before
going back to the changing room. A few minutes later, Neun-san returned...
dressed in a “beautiful kimono” for some reason... And then, walking up towards
me, she put three on the ground and deeply bowed. Unnn? What’s with this
situation? Why the heck is Neun-san kneeling in a dogeza?

[...Neun-san?]

[...I-I’m aware that it was an accident.]

[Errr...]

[H-However, n-now that you’ve seen my naked body... I-I don’t have any choice
but to marry Kaito-san! P-Please, incompetent I may be... Please take me as your
wife.]

[...Yes?]

My mind went blank for a moment at her sudden declaration of marriage, but I
immediately thought of the reason why. Neun-san is a person who thinks in a very
old-fashioned way...She may be thinking that she should only show her naked body
to the person who will be her husband. And even though it may be an accident, I
saw Neun-san’s naked body... Her naked body which isn’t supposed to be shown to
anyone but her husband-to-be... In short, errr, that should mean that... I
should take responsibility for that?

Listening to her words that held heavy meaning within them, I stayed silent for
a while. After thinking about it for a while, I crouched down to make eye
contact with Neun-san, and spoke.

[...Neun-san.]

[Yesh?!]

[Errr, it’s just a suggestion... But why don’t we just forget what happened
tonight?]

[Eh? B-But...]

[I understand. I know that what happened was important for you, Neun-san...
However, I think marriage is a very important thing. That’s why, marrying for
this reason is... something that I think Neun-san will regret.]

I was also responsible for this incident. But even if that’s so, I felt that
marrying Neun-san because of the mere reason of having to take responsibility
was just a bit wrong.

[That’s why, I think we should forget about what happened tonight. If you just
can’t forget about it, I can ask Shiro-san to do something about it.]

[...]

[And then, I’d like it if you get married not because I’ve seen you naked... I’d
like it if you get married because you have deepened your friendship and
Neun-san came to the conclusion that you intend to spend your whole life
together with the person you wanted to marry.]

[...Kaito-san.]

[That’s why, ummm... It may be selfish of me, but can we just forget about what
happened tonight?]

After I had expressed my intentions, I quietly waited for Neun-san’s
words.Neun-san stared at me for a few moments... and letting out a small sigh,
she smiled.

[...I understand. Let’s both forget what happened tonight.]

[Yes!]

[...However, ummm...]

[Unnn?]

After telling me that she agrees with my suggestion, Neun-san shyly blushed and
bringing the tip of her index fingers together, she whispered.

[...I-I may never be able to completely forget about this. A-And so, if I can’t
forget about it, and if I didn’t become anyone’s wife... Ummm, w-will you...
take responsibility for me?]

[...Yes.]

[...Ahh... Then... I guess I won’t... be forgetting about this matter huh.]

[Eh?]

[I-I didn’t say anything! I-If that time comes, I will be in your care!!!]

Since Neun-san has an old-fashioned way of thinking, it was a very important
matter for her to be seen naked by me, someone of the opposite gender. We came
to the conclusion that we would forget about this matter for the time being...
but I wonder why? I feel like I’ve gotten closer to Neun-san more than ever
before.

---

Before I knew it, I found myself standing in the premises of a Shinto shrine.
The sky was dark, indicating that it was nighttime, but there were many lanterns
with pale orange glows around me. The scene of many stalls lined up along a
cobblestone street made the place look like a bazaar. Strange as it may seem,
what would normally be a lively and noisy scene seems completely different when
there are no people around, and the light from the lantern only made it seem
rather lonely.

While I was puzzled by the somewhat nostalgic scene, I suddenly heard the sound
of something being cooked and smelled the delicious aroma of sauce wafting
through the air. The sounds and smells led me to one of the stalls...

[Welcome, my child! It’s Mother!]

And the melancholy I had been feeling earlier was instantly erased as I saw the
person, who for some reason, was wearing a twisted hachimaki and a happi coat,
cooking yakisoba. Thereupon, I suddenly remembered her name.

The name of that person with one wing of iron and gears is Makina-san, the God
who created the world I was in. This is amazing. It’s true that she did explain
to me before how I would forget Makina-san except when we meet in my dreams, but
I really did not remember her at all until just now.

If Makina-san is here though, does that mean that I’m currently asleep just like
before, and only my consciousness was brought here? Well, putting that aside...
Why the heck are you sautéing yakisoba, World Creator...

[My child, do you also want to eat some yakisoba? It’s Mother’s home-cooked
food, filled with her love and green dried seaweed.]

[T-Thank you.]

Dropping the word “majesty” in her dictionary somewhere behind, the God in a
happi coat handed me yakisoba noodles and disposable chopsticks in a plastic
container. It looks delicious. It does look delicious but... I wonder what this
incomprehensible feeling is.

[...Makina-san, why are you making yakisoba? Also, isn’t the atmosphere here too
different from before?]

[That’s a rather difficult question. It would take a while to explain this...
but it may have been because of my desire to “go around the festival with my
child”.]

[That explanation looked rather short though...]

Her answer was straightforward and even graceful.

[Haahhh, everyone had it nice. I wanted to go around the festival with my child
too. I wanted to lick my cute child in his yukata... However, I held myself
back. A mother who interferes when her child is in the midst of fun with their
friends is the epitome of a mother who isn’t well-liked. Instead, I’ve decided
to recreate a bazaar and invited my child to join me.]

[...I-I see.]

It’s that, you know? When it comes to this person, let’s just not bother getting
in too deep. With her talking about licking me as if it’s a matter of course, I
tried ignoring her words... At any rate, I have a bad feeling about continuing
to expand on this topic, or rather, I feel like such would be an act as if you
were stepping into a bottomless abyss, so let’s switch topics as soon as
possible.

[Speaking of which, I’m changing the subject, Makina-san, but thank you very
much for your advice before. Thanks to your words, I have successfully resolved
the issue.]

[No, that’s because my child did his best. I didn’t really care what happened to
those talking lumps of flesh, but I’m glad it turned out well for my child.]

Did this woman just nonchalantly say something scary like talking piece of
flesh? I feel like I kept a straight face for a moment, but how should I say
this... I could really feel something dark from her.

Well, my intuition tells me that I shouldn’t think too much when it comes to
Makina-san, so I just let things go with the flow and ate my yakisoba.
Makina-san, who is eating her yakisoba with a smile on her face, doesn’t seem to
have any evil intentions. She does have a very mysterious atmosphere around her
though.

[Ahh, that’s right, my child.]

[Yes?]

[The next battle is slowly beginning to unfold. And this time, your battle will
be completely different in scale from the past. It could be a battle involving
the three realms, the Human Realm, the Demon Realm, and the God Realm.]

[...]

What was told to me, as if she was just having small talk, was a shocking
story... It was supposed to be a shocking story, but somewhere in my heart, it
felt like what she said was something understandable.

[...Does it have something to do with Shiro-san?]

[Unnn, exactly.]

Makina’s words, which she easily affirmed with a smile, really made me feel like
my guess was spot on. To begin with, there are only a limited number of
situations that can involve all three realms. The God Realm especially wouldn’t
move without Shiro-san’s direction. I think the cause of this matter that
Makina-san was talking about was that ordeal Shiro-san said she would give me
before.

[Now then, my child. Here’s my advice this time!]

[Eh?]

Makina-san’s bright voice interrupted my thoughts, and seemingly drawn by it, I
looked at her and my eyes met her rainbow-colored eyes. Her eyes that seemed to
see not only those before her, but everything in existence. Even though she
appeared innocent, I felt that she still had majesty befitting a World Creator.

[Shallow Vernal will give my child several ordeals. As for the content of these
ordeals, only Shallow Vernal would know what they were. But on top of all these
ordeals... lies a question. “What does victory for my child mean”?]

[The victory... for me?]

[Is it your victory if you get through Shallow Vernal’s ordeals? Is it your
victory if you defeat Shallow Vernal? Or perhaps, do you have to accomplish
something else to acquire that happy ending?]

When I heard those words, something came to mind. In the first place, why was
Shiro-san trying to put me through these ordeals? Shiro-san did ask me to show
my worth to her, but is that really the only reason? Another thing that comes to
mind is the way Shiro-san was acting back then... just after I went to
Rigforeshia with Sieg-san, Shiro-san was in an unusually brooding mood. At that
time, Shiro-san asked me if “it’s wrong to seek something you can’t have”. I
thought about this at that time, but what is it that Shiro-san can’t have?

...That’s where I felt like I had the answer to this matter.

[...Well, you don’t have to rush yourself to think about it. I think my child
knows when the battle between my child and Shallow Vernal is going to happen,
along with the aforementioned matter, right ? You still have time.]

Shiro-san’s ordeal will be given when a year passes in this world... This would
originally be the time when she returns the person who plays the role of Hero to
their original world with their changes reverted a year, to how they were like
before they were summoned. That being the case, it certainly means I still have
more than enough time to think about this.

Whether it’s something that can be answered by thinking about it is another
matter though...

[I’ll try to remind you again this time when you need it. You understand the
situation, right, my child? Shallow Vernal too has a heart. It is obvious, but
she has her desires and wishes for something too. Surely, you’ll get enough
material to notice that wish of hers more than anyone else in this world. That’s
why, think hard... What is that the being named Shallow Vernal thinks, what is
it that she desires... That would surely be the key to reaching “true victory”.]

[...Makina-san, do you know the answer to that question?]

[I wonder, what could the answer to that question be? If I did have the answer
to that question, would my child want me to tell you?]

[No, I will figure it out myself.]

Makina-san said that she is an Omniscient and Omnipotent God, and since she’s
giving me advice like this, I guess she knows the answer already. However, as to
what Shiro-san’s wish is... Hearing someone just telling me that somehow feels
different.

Shiro-san is someone very airheaded who can come up with crazy ideas. I have
been pushed around by her many times, and I’m sure I will continue to be pushed
around by her in the future. However, if you ask me if I dislike Shiro-san,
without even needing to think about it, I would shake my head in denial. She is
a peculiar person... but I really enjoy talking and hanging out with her. I
found her smile, which I have only seen a few times, to be very beautiful.
That’s why, I’d like to think and arrive at the answer to Shiro-san’s wish on my
own. However, to be honest, I don’t have enough sources to arrive at the answer
at this point... but just as Makina-san said, there’s no need to rush, and it
would be best to try to get closer to Shiro-san without thinking too much at
this point.

[...It looks like you’ve got your answer. Well then, let’s do it this way. Just
like before, I’ll have you forget what happened here when you wake up, but I’ll
try to remind you of my advice when my child gets a clue to help you get to that
answer.]

[Yes. Makina-san, thank you for everything.]

[Fufufu, I think you looked a little more mature than before. They did say that
children grow up quickly, and as a mother, I’m very happy to witness this
moment. My child in his usual state already has very high lickable points for
me, surging with cuteness overload, but such a dignified expression on your face
now has a different charm. I think your face seen from the 37° angle to the
right is especially very cool. Possessing both cuteness and dignity, this is a
precious moment when a child grows into an adult. Of course, appearance is only
one of my beloved child’s charms, and I don’t think I need to speak about how
wonderful my child is on the inside, but as a mother, I couldn’t help but want
to praise you in many ways. However, regrettably, the time I can call my beloved
child here is very short, and that is a negative not only for me, but also for
my beloved child, who will not be able to spend much time with me. Would it be
good if I stretch out time here? No, as expected, doing that would make it
easier for Shallow Vernal to notice something amiss... Hmmm, I want to shower my
beloved child with love as much as I can, but the dilemma of not being able to
do so as I would like is very painful. Still, I want to do everything I can. In
the meantime, how about some wholehearted licki—]

Makina-san, who started talking in a rather glazed voice with crazy eyes and
completely insane lines, suddenly gasped and slammed her fist into her own face.
The impact erased all the scenery behind Makina’s back, but just like a video
played back in reverse, it was soon restored to its original state.

[...Phew, that was close, my love for my child almost got out of control and
caused a big bang.]

[...]

Can I just throw a tsukkomi here? Is all that just happened something on the
level of “almost”? In that case, how dangerous would she have been if she
actually went out of control... I shudder to think, once again, that I had
caught the attention of such an outrageous person. I mean, when she rambled
about that long speech of hers, her eyes were completely dyed in madness. That
wasn’t just on the level where I felt like I’m in danger.

[Well, let’s get back on track and have a nice chat for 18 minutes and 52
seconds until my child wakes up!]

[I-I guess so.]

Unnn, well, how should I say this... I’m really grateful for all the advice she
gives me, but I wish she would hide the madness that oozes out of her a bit
more. There’s an unpleasant tension in the air, making me feel as if I were
facing a hungry predator. If that switch of hers won’t just flick on, she would
have been a normal, easy-to-talk-to person...

I mean, I can’t remember who they are, but I’m also acquainted with “the her
over there” when I’m awake, right? Seriously, would I be alright with her
around? With me forgetting all the memories I had here, wouldn’t something
outrageous happen here?

Unnn... Let’s just try not to think about it.

---

The Third Day of the Six Kings Festival.

It’s currently 5:00 am... and I have about four hours before I meet up with Dr.
Vier and Neun-san. Waking up early in the morning, I used my Teleportation Magic
Tool to return back to Lilia-san’s house. The reason was...

[Come now, Bell. Don’t move... Lynn, thanks for the help.]

[Gaoo!]

[Kyuui!]

Yes, it was to bring my pets, Bell and Lynn, to the Six Kings Festival. This is
because pets are allowed on the third day of the Six Kings Festival. The
festival was hosted by Magnawell-san and it was apparently about “Interacting
with Monsters”. That’s why I came back to pick them up, and while I’m at it, I
came early to brush Bell’s fur. While I was at the Six Kings Festival, I asked
the servants I was close with to take care of Bell and Lynn. Of course, they
brush them every day, but I still want to do it myself.

The key to brushing Bell well is to use several brushes needed for each area and
to thoroughly wash her whole body. First, use a coarse brush to remove the dirt
from between her bristles, and then wash her entire body. Use a shampoo for
monsters that contain a special blend of several ingredients, and wash
thoroughly, down to the smallest detail, so that it would be silky smooth when
it dries. Then, after drying her fur with a wind-generating Magic Tool, I used a
fine brush to arrange everything. The important thing here is to brush her fur
when they’re slightly damp, not when it’s completely dry. Otherwise, strange
curls would keep popping out.

[Kuuu...]

Bell seemed to love my brushing, as she looked very comfortable, making spoiled
purrs, which were very cute. Perhaps because she is a Behemoth, one of the most
powerful High-ranking monsters in the world, Bell has a lot of pride. Even
though she is friendly to the people in the mansion, partly because I tell her
so, but the only ones I’ve seen her act spoiled around Sieg-san and I.

[...Alright, finished! Well then, I’m gonna dry you off now, so sit still.]

[Gao!]

As I was thinking about random things, I finished brushing Bell and let her
whole body completely dry off. Bell’s silky fur is something that I’m secretly
proud of. I wonder if there are any hair masks made for monsters? If there is,
I’d certainly like to have them... I would like to add some finishing touches on
Bell’s fur, to give them a bit more shine. I would also like a finer brush, so
that I can brush her fur for the third time, giving her fur a more beautiful
finish than they are now. I really feel like when it comes to Bell’s fur,
there’s still room for improvement.

[Well then, let’s go to the Six Kings Festival.]

[Kyuuu!]

[Unnn? Wait, Lynn? What’s the matter?]

[Kyuii! Kyukuiii!]

As I finished brushing and was about to lead them to the Six Kings Festival,
Lynn suddenly snuck into my clothes. Lynn then wriggles around in my clothes,
before only her head out from my chest, looking satisfied. She’s more pampered
than usual... I guess she was lonely because I was only taking care of Bell. Not
pulling Lynn out of my clothes, which she had completely crawled into, I gave
her a pat on her head with a smile before activating my Teleportation Magic
Tool.

When I arrived at the festival venue, I could see people with their pets here
and there. It was now 7:00 am, and we still had about two hours before meeting
up with Dr. Vier and Neun-san. As I was thinking that it might be a good idea to
take a stroll around the area since Bell and Lynn were curiously looking around,
I suddenly heard a familiar voice.

[Oya? If it isn’t Miyama-sama. Good morning.]

[Chris-san? Good morning.]

Looking back in the direction of the voice, I saw Chris-san, dressed in a men’s
suit. She looked like a crossdressing beauty just as usual, though at a quick
glance, one might mistake her as a normal, slender, prince-like young man.
Behind Chris-san, there was a black horse... and it was about twice as big
compared to usual horses.

[...Chris-san, is that horse the one you were talking about in your letters,
your pet named Nirva?]

[Yes, this is my favorite horse, Nirva... a monster of the Grateful Horse
species.]

I know about Chris-san’s favorite horse because she had mentioned her in her
letters. Chris-san seemed to enjoy horseback riding, and she seems to take great
care of her favorite horse, Nirva. In fact, since it’s a common topic between
us, we have talked a lot about our pets, things like high-end pet stores we
visited before and the like. Chris-san lightly introduced her favorite horse,
then turned to Bell, who was with me, and smiled.

[Miyama-sama has a White Dragon and a Behemoth... I’ve seen this Behemoth with
you before... but isn’t her fur more magnificent than back then? She looks
lovely.]

[Isn’t she?!]

As expected of an Emperor, it seems like Chris-san has a keen eye for great
things.

[Eh? Wha?! M-Miyama-sama?!]

[Please look here, isn’t she silky smooth? I’ve been brushing her with a lot of
care, you know?!]

[Y-You’re right... U-Ummm, you’re too close... You surprised me a bit...]

[Look here, her fur around this area really likes curling up a bit, so I need a
special brush to get them nice and neat!]

[Hyahh?! W-Why are you touching my shoulder?! P-Please wait for a moment...
Well, I did speak to you with an ulterior motive in mind but... this was so
unexpected...]

[Aren’t her horns beautiful too? With Bell’s horns being black, dirt would
really stand out from it. So, I make sure to wipe them at least twice...]

[...Ummm, are you listening to me? I’m the type who is rather susceptible to
surprise attacks... so this feels very embarrassing...]

[...I’m also very particular with the shampoo I’m using...]

[...You’re not listening huh. Yes, I understand... I’ll make sure to not speak
with Miyama-sama about your pets... I’ll thoroughly remember that. Wait, like I
said, your face is too close!]

I feel so happy that she praised Bell, my pride and joy, that I talked about her
and Lynn to Chris-san for over an hour. I felt really glad to hear someone
praise my cute pet, making me feel very enthusiastic. I’ve never had a pet back
in my previous world, but if I’d known that they’re so cute, I wish I had kept
one sooner.

---

I was just so happy that she complimented Bell that I even bragged about Lynn,
and we ended up talking for quite a while.

[...I’m sorry, Chris-san. I got a little heated and became a bit
enthusiastic...]

[...I also got a little heated, though in a different way.]

[Eh?]

[N-No, don’t mind it... I was just saying that I got a bit careless...]

I apologized for making her stay with me for so long, to which Chris-san, for
some reason, answered me, breathing heavily with her back turned towards me.

[...M-Miyama-sama. My apologies, I’m afraid I will suffer serious psychological
damage if this continues... No, I remembered that I actually had something I
needed to do now, so please excuse me.]

[Ah, no. I’m sorry for taking up too much of your time.]

[N-No, something like this isn’t so ba... Please excuse me, my mind is still a
bit confused! Well then, till we meet again.]

[...Y-Yes, see you later.]

It seems like Chris-san was in quite a hurry, as after she said goodbye, she
quickly walked away. Hmmm. I’ve done something really bad, haven’t I... I really
tend to talk a lot when it comes to Bell and Lynn. I’ll try to be even more
careful from now on. After seeing Chris-san off, we decided to take a quick walk
around the area since we still had a little over an hour before our meeting. If
I knew someone, I could kill some time talking with them... but I guess you
can’t just meet someone you know that easily...

[Milady! Please stop! What do you think you’re buying with such an amount of
money?!]

[P-Please let me go! It’s a limited edition model! If I miss this opportunity, I
might not be able to get it, you know?!]

[Guhh, this is difficult... Sieg too, can you not watch on the sidelines and
help me out here?!]

[...L-Lili? As expected, this isn’t something you should waste your money on...
Please reconsider it. Just one of them is already equal to my and Luna’s annual
income put together, and there’s also lots of types that you’re trying to buy...
Most of all, aren’t they too large...]

![Insert 5](../../_Images/v13/Insert5.png#.insert)

When I turned my head to the direction of the voices I heard, I saw three people
having a dispute in front of several huge dragon models, each of which was
several meters tall.

[It’s alright! I have enough personal assets! Please let me buy everything!!!]

[You can’t! I mean, where the heck are you going to put these things?! They
won’t even fit in Milady’s hidden room...]

[In that case, I’ll place them in the garden...]

[Lili, you’ll end up scaring Bell-chan and Lynn-chan, so stop with that plan...
Anyway, could you just calm down for the moment?]

...Ah\~\~ Unnn. I guess it’s that huh. I thought I knew who they were, but they
ended up just being strangers. Unnn, I wonder if they didn’t notice that they’re
gathering quite the crowd? A-Anyway, I didn’t see anything. Quickly averting my
gaze, I somewhat forcefully pulled Bell and Lynn away from the scene. W-Well\~\~
This city sure is big\~\~ I’ve walked for quite a while already, but I can’t
find anyone I know\~\~ A-Ahaha...

[...You just insulted Miyama-sama, didn’t you? Does that mean you want to die?]

[Wha?! P-PandoGhaakk?!]

[...Don’t you dare speak my name, you filthy War King subordinate... It seems
like you need to be disciplined.]

[Aghaak?! Y-Your chains are... Gaahh?!]

[Go on, scream out like the pig you are. Oh, don’t worry, you won’t die... I’ll
just torment you until you’re on the verge of dying.]

[Gyaaaaaahhhhhh!!!]

...H-Hmmm. I wonder who they are? Nope, don’t know them at all. Totally don’t
know them at all. The stranger just gleefully tied up someone with chains that
appeared out of nowhere, but since I don’t know who they are, what they’re doing
is unrelated to me.

W-Well, even though I don’t know who they are... As expected, I can’t just
ignore the situation...

[Alice, go.]

[...Yep yep.]

At any rate, I decided to just leave it to Alice and departed from that scene.
It’s kind of strange though, why is it that I keep running into strange
situations? F-For the time being, let’s just pretend we don’t know them and
avoid the trouble they bring. Getting involved with them would definitely be a
really bad idea after all...

Thinking about this, I moved quickly and let out a sign when I managed to get as
far away from them as I could. If I’m this far from them, it should be alright.

[...Oya? If it isn’t my child.]

[...]

...It’s over. It’s totally over. Just when I thought I had averted several
crises, I ended up stepping on a huge landmine.

[...E-Ed-Eden-san? G-Good morning.]

[Good morning. I am so happy to see my beloved child’s face early in the
morning. Ahh, could it be that you’ve come to see Mother? Ahh, so that’s how it
is! That must be it! As expected of my beloved child, you know exactly what
Mother wants, don’t you? Ahh, how wonderful. Oya? However... Didn’t you sleep
for only “4 hours, 52 minutes and 23 seconds”? This won’t do, my child should
get a good night’s sleep, you know? It might end up being detrimental to my
child’s body otherwise. Ahh, yes, that must be it! My child was lonely, wasn’t
he? I’m sorry, all I’ve been doing is spreading the word about how wonderful my
child is. I really should look after my child even more, shouldn’t I? Yes, it’s
alright. It’s alright now. Mother will sleep with you, my beloved child. I will
envelop you with my endless love, making sure my beloved child sleeps in peace!]

H-Hyyyiiiiiihhh?! Scary! This person really is scary! Why the heck does she know
how long I’ve slept down to the smallest second? Moreover, she started rattling
about without letting me speak... Eden-san, with black hearts forming on her
eyes, began nudging closer and closer... but at that moment, Kuro’s uppercut
immediately appeared, striking Eden-san’s jaw.

Kuro’s uppercut... It was a strike so powerful that it even cleared up the
clouds in the sky. However, even though she was hit by a fist with such power,
it only managed to make Eden-san’s head slightly turn.

[...You just keep popping out every single time... How dare you interrupt my
conversation with my child. Even this “mild-mannered me” has limits, you know?]

Objection! Which part of you is mild-mannered at all? I mean, shouldn’t you
rather describe yourself as a berserker?!

[That’s my line! How many times should I warn you before you learn to restrain
yourself?!]

[I am the pinnacle of a world. The word “restrain” doesn’t exist in my
vocabulary.]

[Ahh, geez! You’re still as ill-natured as ever... You better cut it out or I
will crush you where you stand!]

[If you can do it, I’d like to see you try it.]

[...]

[...]

Sparks began buzzing between Kuro and Eden-san. Thereupon, a vortex silently
appeared above Kuro, and both of them disappeared within it. Unnn, how should I
say this... It isn’t on the level where I’m saying that I’m feeling anxious
about the future... I still haven’t met up with Dr. Vier and Neun-san yet, you
know? And yet, why are troubles appearing—one after another...

After meeting Pandora, Eden-san, and other powerful people, I returned back to
the place where I first saw Lilia-san and the others. For some reason, I felt
like I would encounter disastrous people every time I moved, so I thought it was
best if I just returned back to Lilia-san’s group.

[Please let me go!]

[Stop it!]

...It’s been about 10 minutes since I moved away from them, but it looks like
they’re still at it. As I approached Lilia-san and the others, Luna-san was the
first to notice me, and with a relieved expression on her face, she spoke.

[C-Come on, Milady! Miyama-sama’s looking!]

[...Please let—Eh?]

Hearing Luna-san’s words, Lilia-san turned her face towards me, her eyes opened
wide and she stiffened. Then, after a bit of silence, she began to flusteredly
straighten up her hair with her hands.

[...Erhem. You’re right. No matter how wealthy I am, I’m still the head of a
duchy... I can’t afford to waste money.]

[T-That’s right!]

[W-Well, in the first place, even if I buy a model, I have no place to put it. I
can’t even display them in the mansion...]

[Yes, as expected of Milady!]

Could it be that Lilia-san... thinks that I haven’t found out about her secret
room yet? Lilia-san, I’ll have you know that the person next to you who’s trying
to talk you out of buying those models is a traitor who told Aoi-chan, Hina-chan
and I all about your secret room...

W-Well, the dragon models in front of Lilia-san and the others are certainly so
big that it’s almost 10 meters long, so it seems like it can’t be placed in any
room...

[Good morning, everyone. That’s a big model, isn’t it? Is it a sculpture made by
someone famous?]

[Good morning, Kaito-san. Yes, these are Rondo-sama’s works...]

[She’s a legendary model maker who has created several sculptures that are
highly regarded as works of art.]

When I regained my composure and asked about the model after a greeting,
Lilia-san spoke with a gentle smile on her lips, and Luna-san added a
supplementary explanation. However, this legendary model maker... Hmmm. I wonder
if it’s Alice again, messing around like usual? I guess I’ll ask her next time.

[Sieg-san, good morning.]

[Good morning. Good morning to you too, Bell-chan and Lynn-chan.]

[Gaoo!]

[Kyuii!]

Since I often brush and feed them together with Sieg-san, Bell and Lynn are also
very fond of Sieg-san. Lynn was a bit timid around her for some time, but now,
she is getting along well with the people in the mansion. Bell is very prideful
though, and she isn’t very close with lots of people. The only people Bell is
friendly with outside of Sieg is her godmother, Alice.

[Oya? You brought Bell and Lynn with you huh.]

[Gurururu.]

[Hey. Stop that, Bell!]

[...Why is Bell always growling at me...]

Incidentally, of all the people in the mansion, Bell hates Luna-san the most, as
she snarls at her every time she encounters her. She had apparently witnessed
Luna-san playing a prank on me and recognized that” she was a bad person”. Well,
I guess she isn’t wrong with her recognition about her.

[...I wonder why? I kind of feel like you’re speaking ill of me in your mind...]

[Might just be your imagination.]

Briefly telling Luna-san, who was tilting her head in wonder, I then spoke to
Lilia-san and Sieg-san.

[Even so, you’re all quite early huh.]

[Yes... Sieg had been hurrying us...]

[I’ve always been looking forward to the third day after all.]

[Ahh, I see...]

Sieg-san is a staunch animal lover. For such a Sieg-san, today’s festival must
be like heaven.

[According to Phantasmal King-sama’s book, there’s going to be a monster market
today... I’ve brought “all my savings” in preparation for that.]

[...I-Is that so?]

[Yes. I also want to get a cute child like Bell-chan and Lynn-chan. Lili gave me
permission to get one, so I brought the money I’ve been saving up to get a
pet... I think I have about 3 gold coins...]

That’s about three million in Japanese yen. Quite a lot of money considering
Sieg-san’s age. Sieg-san is someone who got herself together, so she must have
been saving up for a long time. Thereupon, Luna-san looked like she was thinking
for a bit before she called out to Sieg-san.

[...However, three gold coins wouldn’t be able to buy a good monster, right?]

[Ugghhh... M-Monsters are expensive after all.]

Monsters are apparently more expensive than ordinary animals. Bell was also
several billion yen, and the rarer the monster, the more expensive it will be.
Hmmm. I could buy it for her, or I could even get it for free if I used my
Black-rank invitation. But with Sieg-san’s personality, I’m sure she will
adamantly refuse...

[Incidentally, what kind of monster are you trying to buy, Sieg-san?]

[Hmmm, I’m feeling indecisive. Magic beasts like Bell-chan are cute, dragons
like Lynn-chan are wonderful, while the small ones are just so irresistible.]

[I-I see...]

[For ease of raising, it would be better if I raise a dragon from its egg... but
dragon eggs are very expensive...]

It’s easier to grow dragons if you raise them from their egg? Ahh, that
imprinting stuff huh... Looking at Sieg-san, who was unusually passionate about
monsters, a smile inadvertently rose from lips... When Lilia-san cleared her
throat before speaking.

[...Erhem. Well, I’m Sieg’s best friend... Depending on the situation, I’m
willing to lend you money.]

[...Milady just wanted her to buy a dragon, right?]

[T-That’s not it. All I want is to help my best friend...]

It seems like dragon-loving Lilia-san wants Sieg-san to buy a dragon. It’s true
that she would sometimes whisk Lynn away and affectionately cuddle with her, so
I guess she really likes dragons.

---

After chatting with Lilia-san and the others for a bit, I decided to head to
where I would meet up with Dr. Vier and Neun-san. If I headed there now, I would
arrive 20 minutes before our meeting time, which should be just the right time
to arrive. As I was leisurely enjoying the scenery, together with Bell and Lynn,
I suddenly spotted something... no, someone strange.

Holding a large wooden staff in hand, they slowly doddered, looking as if they
were about to fall. It’s hard to tell if they’re male or female because of the
dark green robe they’re clad in. Anyway, they were behaving in a way that didn’t
seem right, so feeling worried, I approached them and called out.

[...Ummm, is something the matter?]

[...You’ve come at just the right time, young man. You have a virtuous heart.
Splendid, I commend you. If it’s possible, I would appreciate it if you could
help out this foolish me.]

[Eh? Ah, yes. If it’s something I could do...]

When they turned towards me after I called out to them, I saw the person’s face.
She was a girl with orange hair, though I couldn’t tell because it was hidden
under her robe, and green eyes. She is very short, only about 130cm tall, but in
this world, I couldn’t tell a person’s age based on their appearance. The fact
that she calls me “young man” also indicates that she must be quite old.

[Well, living beings are born unequal with each other. Some species don’t
require to orally assimilate other beings, while others will collapse after a
mere “10 days of fasting”. Well, I’m talking about what happened to me.]

[H-Huhh...]

[Ahh, please don’t misunderstand. It’s not like I’m a weird worshiper of a
religion, nor am I a pervert who likes hurting oneself. No, all scholars and
researchers are perverts of some sort, so I guess that makes me a pervert too?
Well, whether or not I’m a pervert is an interesting topic, but it’s not
relevant today.]

[...E-Errr, what do you mean?]

[...I’ve been so absorbed in my research that I haven’t eaten anything for a
while now. I tried to find a stall to eat something, but this place was too big
and I got lost. I’d appreciate it if you could show mercy on this poor me and
give me some food.]

What a convoluted way to talk. Ahh, unnn. Why is it that there’s always
something strange with the people I know? Anyway, to sum it all up, it seems
like she’s saying “she’s hungry, so feed her something”, so I took some food out
of my magic box and handed it to her. Thereupon, the woman took off her hood and
began eating with great gusto. The face that appeared from beneath the hood was
definitely that of a beautiful girl. Her deep orange hair is short, but her
bangs are long and droop down her eyes, giving her a slightly gloomy look. She
has distinctive long ears, so I guess she’s probably an elf.

The woman finished eating the food I gave her in no time, and after drinking the
tea I gave her, she smiled.

[Well\~\~ You really help me out here. I give you my thanks, “Miyama Kaito-kun”.
You are indeed a very nice young man.]

[Eh? H-How did you know my name...]

[The food you gave me tasted great, and this tea is also delicious. Fumu, I
wonder if the quality of a food’s taste is affected by one’s personality? I
can’t say for sure because I don’t have many examples, but don’t you think that
people with good taste often have good characters?]

[N-No, rather than that...]

[Ahh, yes, yes, you’re asking why I knew your name? Well, it would be more
strange that I wouldn’t know about you, don’t you think? You’re quite famous
after all. Well, in my case though, I heard about you from “my people” and “my
friends”, so what I heard might be a little different from the rumors
circulating around you within the general public.]

[H-Huhh...]

She sure talks a lot... It’s as if she’s a machine gun. I can’t keep up with
what she’s saying at all.

[...Errr, who were you talking about?]

[Unnn, unnn, I knew you would wonder about that. Don’t worry, I’ll courteously
explain to you. First of all, the people that I call “my people” are the “Elves
of Rigforeshia”. Despite my appearance, I’m actually the Elven Elder. Well, I
prefer secluding myself, so we’ve never met. I’ve only heard rumors about you.]

[H-Huh... I see.]

[Even so, don’t you think it’s ridiculous to appoint a social recluse like me as
the Elder? I’m better suited to hiding myself in a dark room and doing my
research... Well, I guess it’s something I can speak well about since this
happened because of my research.]

[...]

Amazing, what an amazing person... Her conversation skill is through the roof!
For every word I say, she’s saying three times more. I can’t keep up with the
conversation at all.

[And then, there are my friends. “Hikari” had... Oh, right, didn’t she say she’s
calling herself Neun now? Anyway, Neun and “Laguna” told me about you.]

[Wha?!]

[Listen, the reason I’m here today is because of Laguna. She arranged my
invitation, forcing me to come. Good gracious, what a troubling woman she is. As
for me, I just wanted to hasten the development of “magic that makes monsters’
fur grow longer” that I’m currently working on... but they had to rub the fact
they’re my old friends on my face. I couldn’t ignore them, so I came out,
beneath the annoying sun, like this.]

[P-Please stop for a moment!]

[Even so, the sun just has to shine its light too much huh? I feel like
melting... Unnn? What is it?]

It feels like she would talk on and on if I let her, so I interrupted her and
decided to ask about the most shocking thing that I had just heard. Also, that
weird magic is the reason why you have to fast for 10 days?!

[You are... acquainted with Neun-san and Laguna-san?]

[Unnn? Ah, right, how rude of me. I forgot that I still haven’t introduced
myself. Please don’t think I’m intentionally being rude. I’m still trying to be
polite, and I’m certainly thankful for your help. Ah, this won’t do. I’m getting
off topic again.]

[...]

[My name is “Fors”... I also have the unworthy nickname “Sage of the Forest”,
but let’s put that aside for now. As you may have guessed, I was part of the
journey of the First Hero... Well, I’m just a third-rate magician you can find
anywhere.]

Hearing the words she said with a slack grin on her face, my mind went
completely blank.

The person I met by chance was Fors-san, the Sage of the Forest, one of the
legendary party members who once traveled with Neun-san. No, I’m really
surprised. What’s going on with my encounter rate... No, I guess I shouldn’t be
surprised with all the people I’ve already encountered. Seriously, why the heck
is this happening?

[...Errr, I’ll ask this just in case... But are you the same Fors-san who
traveled with Neun-san?]

[Yes, the same one. Well\~\~ Even so, how nostalgic. I haven’t seen Neun for a
while. Meanwhile, stupid Laguna often comes and drag me out of my home. What do
you think? Should I be happy that I had a good friend who cares about me, or sad
that I was being dragged around just because she wants to run away from a
troublesome meeting... Friendship is quite a difficult thing to understand,
isn’t it? Especially for the “shy and quiet” me. Being forcibly dragged around
is troublesome...]

[Eh?]

[Unnn?]

I think I heard something impossible just now. Who did she say was shy and quiet
again? ...Ah, I guess I was just hearing things huh?

[No, it’s nothing. M-More importantly, aren’t you supposed to be meeting up with
Laguna-san?]

[Speaking of which, I really am supposed to do that. However, I’m sorry to say,
but I’m lost. No, I didn’t really know this place right from the start, so I
guess it was inevitable that I would get lost. I certainly may be blamed because
I didn’t think of the possibility that I might get lost beforehand, but I don’t
think I’m going to make it to the Central Plaza at this rate.]

[...]

The Central Plaza, like its name suggests, is in the middle of the city... and
it’s a place one can easily reach if they just walk towards the Central Tower...

[What time are you going to meet up with Laguna-san?]

[Time? I’m supposed to meet up with her at 9:00 am. Well, given my current
situation, it’s unclear to me how the time would have any significance of some
sort.]

[...Errr, I’m just on my way to the Central Plaza, so if you want, do you want
to come with me?]

[Are you a saint?! I’ve heard that the number of young people who have the
compassion to reach out to those in need have been declining, but I guess not
everyone has lost heart huh. No, please excuse my rudeness. I guess it’s not a
good idea to use statistical information to measure someone. Forget what I
said.]

[Y-Yes... Anyway, we can just continue talking as we move...]

If I just let Fors-san keep talking like a machine gun, we’ll end up late for
our meet-up, so I thought that we should start walking already. However, there
was a difference in stride length between Fors-san and I, so I made sure that I
didn’t walk too fast, keeping my pace the same as hers.

[Good gracious, I’m sorry for always troubling you. I’m trying to be polite.
I’ll also make sure that this debt of gratitude is returned. In the meantime,
what do you think about “eyeballs”? I know a good place that serves very good
eyeballs, so how about I bring you there next time...]

[Just the thought is enough for me.]

[Mhmm, I wonder if young people these days don’t like eyeball cuisines? Sorry
about that, I’m not very sensitive to trends. Well then, how about I bring you
to a restaurant that offers a wide variety of “insect cuisines”...]

[...No thanks. I-It’s not like I helped you because I wanted to repay your
gratitude, so just a simple thank you would be enough.]

That’s not expressing gratitude anymore, that feels more like you want me to
receive punishment, you know?! Eyeball cuisines and insect cuisines... They’re
things I don’t want to eat from the bottom of my heart. I mean, does Fors-san
usually eat such things? N-No, well, they say that everyone has differing
tastes... But unfortunately, the day when I will be able to relate to her tastes
will never come.

With this in mind, I tried to gently tell her that there was no need to thank
me, to which Fors-san’s expression changed to one of admiration.

[What a humble young man, you are. This may just sound like common compliments
to your ears, but you’re really splendid. Even so, hmmm. My pride will not allow
me to just let things go without even being able to thank you. That said, I
can’t immediately think of a way to express my gratitude that could satisfy you
though. I’m sorry, I’m going to need a bit more time for that. I’ll think of
something really special to express my thanks.]

[I-I understand.]

[Ahh, that reminds me, I once did some research on magic related to cooking...]

Until we reached the Central Plaza, Fors-san’s machine-gun talk went on and on.

When I reached the wide Central Plaza, I moved around my gaze, but I couldn’t
find Laguna-san. I did easily spot Neun-san and Dr. Vier though. Fors-san was
also acquainted with Neun-san, and since she mentioned before about how she
hadn’t seen her in a while, she approached Neun-san and Dr. Vier first before
worrying about Laguna-san’s absence.

[I’m sorry, Neun-san, Dr. Vier. I’ve made you wait...]

[No, it’s just that we arrived too early. So these are Miyama-kun’s pets huh\~\~
They’re quite cute, aren’t you?]

[Good morning, Kaito-san... Oya? Who’s the lady with you?]

When I called out to them, apologizing for making them wait, Dr. Vier kindly
replied first, and Neun-san followed with a greeting of her own before turning
her attention to Fors-san behind me.

[Ohh, Neun! It’s been a long time! Was it 30 years since we last met? I’m glad
to see you’re doing well.]

[Eh? Errr... “Who are you”?]

[ [ Eh? ] ]

Fors-san greeted Neun-san with a bright smile, but Neun-san tilted her head in
genuine wonder, and her unexpected reaction caused Fors-san and I to tilt our
heads as well. Arehh? They’re friends who traveled together, aren’t they? With
Neun-san’s personality, I’m sure she isn’t joking... What the heck is going on?

[Oi, oi, those words are making me sad here. Even I’m going to be shocked
hearing you say that. To be forgotten by the comrade you traveled with and
suffered with... Humans certainly are forgetful creatures. The act of forgetting
could probably even be said as something that makes many living beings what they
are. But even if that’s so, there are certain things that shouldn’t be
forgotten, don’t you think?]

[...T-That hair over your eyes... and that convoluted way of speaking... Could
you be... Fors?]

[What the, so you still remember me huh... I see that you have gotten a bit
meaner. I remember how you also used to make jokes like that...]

[No, eh? A-Are you really Fors?!]

[Unnn? Who else do you think I am?]

[Eeeehhhh?!]

It seems that Neun-san remembered Fors-san, but it kind of feels like the
Fors-san in her mind is different from the person next to me. What does this
mean...

[W-Why did you “shrink”?!]

Shrink? Fors-san did?

[Oi, oi, why do you look that surprised?]

[N-No, I mean... Isn’t Fors “taller and had bigger breasts than me”?! Why do you
look like a child...]

[Ahh, speaking of which, that certainly was how I looked back then huh? I
completely forgot. I think it was 15 years ago? You see, in large groups of
people, there would be that one person who isn’t anything special and has an
awfully thin presence, right? Using that as reference, I thought of creating “a
drug that shrinks down a person’s presence”... After that, interestingly enough,
rather than my presence, my body ended up shrinking instead. Hahaha!]

[That’s no laughing matter!!! Why are you taking such an incomprehensible drug
yourself?!]

[What are you saying? I’ll have you know, I’m a humane researcher. Isn’t it
obvious that if “I want to experiment on a Human, it would basically be done on
my own body”? Well, they sometimes end up in failures! Ahh, that obviously
doesn’t apply with life-threatening drugs. I mean, I don’t make such things...]

I finally understood why Neun-san was surprised. Apparently, Fors-san was
originally an adult woman who was taller than Neun-san. It’s been a long time
since they’ve met each other, and they now met with her being around 130cm tall.
I guess she would obviously not easily know who she is...

[... Or rather, 15 years ago... You didn’t find a way to return back to your
original form?]

[Nah, I did. I’ve kept all the recipes for the drugs I’ve made, so it’s easy for
me to make a drug that returns me to normal.]

[T-Then, why is it that...]

[It’s just that this form is convenient. I only need to eat a small amount of
food for me to maintain a really energetic body like this. What’s amusing is
that the drug didn’t make me younger. The magic power I had grown for years is
still the same... Rather, with those obtrusive “two lumps of fat gone”, my stiff
shoulders were healed. The only problem now is that it’s hard to get things that
are high up, but that can be easily fixed with a stepladder or using magic. In
the end, my body is just a vessel made of flesh, and I don’t really mind
swapping out vessels at all.]

[...Haahhh... You... really are...]

Looking like she got really tired of caring about what Fors-san did, Neun-san’s
shoulders slumped. It’s no wonder, Fors-san’s character is just far too strong.
Dealing with such a person would certainly feel tiring... However, Fors-san is
the same as usual. I’ve only known her for a short time, but I know that she’s
the type who doesn’t read the mood.

[Come on, Neun, you should calm down. Surprise is just a temporary emotion, and
Humans are creatures that easily adapt. Soon, the sense of unease you’re feeling
will disappear.]

[...No, well, you’re still the same as usual huh.]

[Did you know? I heard that there’s a saying in another world about how
“leopards can’t change their spots”. I don’t really know what this leopard is,
but I heard that it means that one’s personality formed at a young age doesn’t
change even when you get older. Even if hundreds or a thousand years had passed,
as long as I’m me, my personality won’t change that much.]

[Haahhh... Well, let’s just forget that. I give up. It’s unusual for you to go
out, isn’t it? Since you’re with Kaito-san... he probably helped you when you
got lost or something like that...]

Perhaps understanding Fors-san’s personality due to their long relationship,
Neun-san quickly gave up and switched the subject. And from what Neun-san said,
I guess Fors-san has been quite directionally-challenged.

[You aren’t too far off the mark. He had certainly helped me, and I certainly
was lost, but the reason he helped me was slightly different. Well, I suppose
that’s not what you were really asking about. The reason I’m here is because I’m
meeting up with Laguna.]

[Laguna?]

[I’m supposed to be meeting her at 9:00 am. But what I’m troubled about is that
“I’m late”. Just thinking about Laguna’s reaction is making my head start to
hurt.]

Hearing what Fors-san said, not only Neun-san, but Dr. Vier and I also tilted
our heads. After all, it’s currently 8:50 am, so she shouldn’t be late yet. And
yet, Fors-san said that she was late for the meeting. She also wasn’t saying
that she might be late, but that she was already late... I wonder why? Just as I
was about to ask her why, I saw Laguna-san dashing towards our direction.

[FOOOOOOORRRRRSSSS!]

[Ohh, Laguna! I’m glad that we’ve safely met up...]

When she saw Laguna-san, Fors-san waved her right hand towards her with a bright
smile on her face. However, Laguna-san didn’t respond to her greeting and
leaping towards Fors-san, Laguna-san slammed her knuckle on her head.

[What the heck are you doing, you b*tch?!]

[Ghaak?!]

Fors-san, who was struck with a strike that held a tremendous force, was slammed
face-first into the ground. Eh? What the heck happened? What’s going on? As I
was stunned by Laguna-san’s sudden action, Fors-san slowly looked up while
holding her head with both hands.

[...Ouchie... What are you doing all of a sudden, Laguna? I’d like it if you
won’t attack me, a rearguard, with a physical attack. I could feel killing
intent from that strike, you know?]

[That’s because it was loaded with killing intent!]

[Oi, oi... Well, considering the circumstances, it was certainly my fault. But
I’m not mistaken that we’re supposed to meet at 9:00 am, right?]

[9:00 am “on the first day of the Six Kings Festival”! I said you should come
before the opening ceremony!!!]

...9:00 am on the first day of the Six Kings Festival?! Three days had already
passed... that can’t even be called late anymore, you know?! I-I see, it’s no
wonder she was angry. I finally understood what Fors-san meant when she said
“given my current situation, it’s unclear to me how the time would have any
significance of some sort” before. She was late not just by the time, but even
by the date...

[Haahhh... It’s good that I’ve been coming here everyday, around 9:00 am just in
case... And here you are... You’ve got to be kidding me...]

[I see, Laguna’s anger is indeed understandable. In fact, I’m the one who was
late, so I’ll just obediently apologize. No, I’m sorry. However, this may sound
like I’m just making excuses, but I’d like it if you hear my side as well.]

[...What is it?]

[In the first place. Isn’t it a mistake to let me, who has been called the “most
directionally-challenged person in the long Elven history”, come alone? I can
certainly understand that you’ve been so busy as the king that you haven’t had
time to pick me up, and that’s a primary factor why I pity you. But the Flying
Dragon Services directly flying towards the venue is set up on the gate to the
Demon Realm, which means I would have to reach the gate by myself...
Incidentally, I’ll have you know that it took me “two days” just to get to the
gate near Rigforeshia.]

[...]

Listening to Fors-san words after apologizing for being late, I whispered to the
nearby Neun-san.

[...Neun-san. Was Fors-san really that directionally-challenged?]

[...Yes. To be honest, it was so bad that I once thought that she might have
been getting lost on purpose. When I heard what she just said, what I’m
wondering is that “How in the world did she get to the gate?”.]

It seems that Fors-san is so directionally challenged that it’s a bit dangerous.
When Neun-san told me about it, I looked back at the two and saw Laguna-san
collapsed to her knees, with her hands on the ground.

[...It’s my fault.]

[It’s alright if you understand. However, it still was fundamentally my fault.
Even though I was lost, now that I think about it, I still had a way to contact
you. This won’t do. Maybe it’s because of my temperament as a researcher, but
when I concentrate, my thoughts become narrow. I’ll reflect on this... By the
way, I actually found some interesting plants on my way along the Rigforeshia
forest. I was so excited harvesting them that I couldn’t help myself...]

[You b*tch! Doesn’t that make it the reason why you’re late?!]

[N-No, that certainly might be one of the factors but... calm down, Humans are
beings capable of discussion. Put down that raised fist. If you hit me any
harder, I might lose my memory...]

Hearing Fors-san’s words, Laguna-san looked exhausted, her shoulders slumping
down. As I watched their exchange, I called out to Neun-san again, who was now
standing next to me before I knew it.

[...Fors-san is an amazing person, isn’t she? In more ways than one...]

[Yes, it’s just that... Well, there’s still “someone worse” among my party
members, so I got used to it...]

[Eh? Someone worse than her...]

[...There is. Hapti was quite an... amazing person... As soon as we arrived at a
city occupied by Demons, she went around steal from the flame-ridden houses
without a care in the world, negotiated with the inhabitants who had escaped
behind our backs for a reward, led us to some ruins with treasures in it, saying
that it was some Demon stronghold, and when we arrived at the Demon Lord’s
castle, she tried to ditch all of us and headed straight to the treasury... She
was a money-grubbing troublemaker...]

[...]

[We’re reassured of her abilities, but about half of the shambles our party went
through was because of Hapti.]

[...]

After listening to the story Neun-san said with an amazed expression on her
face, I quietly left her side and called out to a certain someone behind me.

[...Come out here, money-grubber.]

[W-What could you be talking about? I-I’m just an extremely beautiful shopkeeper
of a general store, so I don’t know who this Transcendental Beauty Phantom Thief
Hapti-ch—Migyaaahhhh?!]

It seems like Alice was hiding it from her, so I won’t tell Neun-san about
Hapti’s true identity. But that being said, I think I still need to punish her
on behalf of Neun-san and the others. With that thought in mind, I turned
towards the pale Alice and slowly raised my fist overhead.
