---
toc: true
---

# Epilogue

As she disappeared from sight while watching Kaito as he walked back to Vier and
Neun again, Alice pondered.

(...There’s no “sign of movement” yet. No, I suppose it’s not decided that
something will happen at the Six Kings Festival huh.)

While enjoying the Six Kings Festival, Alice continued to be on the lookout for
certain things. For before the Six Kings Festival, she heard a story from a
certain person...

---

The time goes back, a few days before the Six Kings Festival. Alice’s clone, who
works as the storekeeper of her general store, is visited by an unexpected
person.

[This would be the second visit to this store, yes?]

[...Eden-san? Kaito-san isn’t here today, you know?]

[...I know that my child is not here. The reason I’m here is that I want to talk
to you... Alice.]

[...Seriously, what turn of events could possibly?! A barrier? You’re talking
about something that you wouldn’t want others to hear huh?]

Eden’s words came as a surprise to Alice. Alice had thought she understood Eden
to some extent. However, she couldn’t understand why she would go to the trouble
of visiting Alice, as she should have been someone who perceived all beings
other than the ones she called her own child as trash.

[Even though I am such a person, I have some evaluation for you. You are worth
far less than my child, but you are still someone worth remembering your name.
You are far better than any other talking piece of flesh.]

[...Well, thank you for that... So, what do you need?]

[“Shallow Vernal will soon make her move”.]

[?!]

Hearing Eden announce the name of the God of this world with a serious
expression on her face, Alice looked astonished.

[...Beware of Shallow Vernal’s movements. That is, if you don’t want to “lose”
my beloved child...]

[W-What are you...]

[I can tell you nothing more. It goes against the contract I had with Shallow
Vernal. I can’t speak directly to my child about anything regarding this matter,
but I’m sure Shallow Vernal thought that I perceived all the inhabitants of this
world as nothing but trash... There were some holes in our contract. Making use
of that, I’m conveying it all to you.]

[...Contract?]

[I can’t give you the concrete details... but in the not-too-distant future, my
beloved child will have to face a God.]

[Wha?!]

The words Eden said without hesitation were something that Alice could never
ignore. However, she couldn’t talk about the details. As if to say that she had
said what she needed to say, Eden turned away and began walking to the exit of
the general store. Alice, still feeling dumbfounded about what she heard, only
watched her departing back, but Eden suddenly stopped in front of the door and
muttered without turning around.

[...What an interesting turn of events. She was once called the “Destruction God
of the Apocalypse”, but now, she’s being called the Creator God. What the future
holds really is unknown.]

[...]

[But even with that change in name, does that really change her nature? She
still stands at the end of the story.]

[...What do you mean?]

[...”Epilogue : The End of the Story”... That is what the being named Shallow
Vernal is. I don’t know her true motives either. However, I guess it’s just like
that question... Which do you think came first... Was it the chicken or the
egg?]

[What exactly are you talking about?]

[...”Did Miyama Kaito come to this world because of the Hero Summoning” or “was
the Hero Summoning created in order for the being named Miyama Kaito to come
into this world”... In the first place, “who was it” that made the magic circle
for Hero Summoning in the Human Realm... I think that would be something worth
investigating.]

[...]

[My child, oh my beloved child, “are you really a being of miracle that everyone
just so happened to meet” or “are you a being that someone who could see the
future wanted to meet”... I wonder which is the true prologue of the story?]

Telling these words to no one in particular, Eden left the general store.
Leaving a big question within Alice’s mind...

After leaving the general store, floating far above in the air, Eden... Makina,
who was operating Eden, was lost in thought.

(...To be honest, this is as far as I can go. If I could, I would have told her
I’m Makina, and helped her with more things... but that would be difficult.)

Makina came to give advice on the matter between Kaito and Shallow Vernal, but
she was limited to giving hints in a very roundabout way. The reason is that, in
the event of a fight between Kaito and Shallow Vernal, Kaito’s side will
definitely need a cornerstone... The brain of operations, which would be Alice.
In addition to her battle capability as an individual, her intellect which is
second to none would clearly be a target of caution for Shallow Vernal.

Yes, Shallow Vernal will definitely be wary of Alice’s future movements. This
being the case, Shallow Vernal will complain if Eden cooperates with Alice too
much. It’s necessary for her to keep her actions within the limits of her
contract with Shallow Vernal, all for the sake of her beloved Kaito, whom she
dearly calls her own child.

(...Well, even with just that few hints, Alici... Alice should be able to arrive
at the correct answer with no problem.)

After thinking that much, she quietly moves her gaze. The God Realm, which
should have been so far away that one can’t possibly see it, and the being at
the center of it.

(This matter involves not only my child, but also those around him... I have a
feeling that this is going to be a big event for Shallow Vernal herself. As for
whether this battle involving the whole world could end with a happy ending...
That would depend on my child.)

After pondering on her thoughts, a small smile appears on Eden’s lips as she
disappears from that place.

(Still, there’s still some time before the beginning of the end. That’s why, you
must nurture your wings well while you still can... Do your best, my child.
Mother will always be rooting for you.)
