---
toc: true
---

# Serious-senpai's Room: Act 13

Today, in the usual waiting room, Serious-senpai is reading the 13th Volume of
“I was Caught up in a Hero Summoning, but That World is at Peace”. A little
further away from her, ? ? ? was relaxing with a cup of choccy milk in hand,
although it was unclear how she drinks it in her stuffed costume. After
concentrating on the book for a while, Serious-senpai closed the book with a
grim expression on her face.

[...Sweet, spicy. But what’s most terrifying is that we have yet to hear about
his lovers among the Six Kings yet. It rather feels like things are going to
accelerate even further from here on out.]

[Of course, it would. I mean, the Six Kings Festival was originally planned with
Kuro-san wanting to go on a date with Kaito-san as a motive, so of course, there
would be lots of flirting scenes incoming.]

[This sense of hopelessness from knowing what’s about to come...]

While Serious-senpai looked up to the heavens, concerned about the future
developments, ? ? ? placed a cup of choccy milk in front of her. Serious-senpai
isn’t very fond of sweet stuff, but when offered one like this, she feels
uncomfortable refusing, so she holds the choccy milk in hand and drinks it. Of
course, ? ? ? knew that Serious-senpai would have a hard time rejecting that
choccy milk given to her, so she made it as sweet as she could.

[...Sweet... By the way, the schedule, or rather, the order for the events in
the Six Kings Festival seems to have been changed from the Web Novel. If I
remember correctly, the Third Day of the festival was originally Isis’ turn,
right?]

[Yes, that’s right. The Six Kings Festival arc itself is the longest arc in the
entire series, so it seems that they were finding it difficult to find a place
to divide it.]

[Ahh\~\~ I see, it would be difficult to cut Isis’ story in the middle and
continue it to the next volume huh...]

[Other than that, there’s also that reason for moving Isis-san’s arc to the next
volume. If they’re going to publish Isis-san’s festival date, I’m sure the
readers would want illustrations included with it, so it seems like they’re
making adjustments for that as well.]

[I see, I guess that’s the only thing they could do when it comes to the Light
Novel, which has page limits...]

After continuing their leisurely conversation, Serious-senpai suddenly looked as
if she had just thought of something.

[That being said, a nice serious flag has been erected! I like the feeling that
the Last Boss finally making her move, conducting secret maneuvers behind the
sight of others.]

[...Isn’t that still quite a while away? Time-wise, that would be the end of the
year, right?]

[If so, that means we’re getting closer and closer to the precious seriously
serious content! I can feel my expectations rising!]

[...No, I’m just wondering. For argument’s sake, if there really were seriously
serious developments... What will you do at that time, Serious-senpai?]

The moment she heard ? ? ? ‘s words, Serious-senpai stopped moving.

[Eh? You’re seriously gonna ask such a philosophical question?]

[Philosophical? No, it’s just a normal question.]

[Of course, if things get serious, I, the Incarnation of Seriousness, will be
busy, won’t I?]

Hearing Serious-senpai’s answer, ? ? ? put her hand on the chin of her stuffed
costume and tilted her head.

[...But Serious-senpai.]

[What?]

[There have already been a few serious developments in the past... In the end,
you were just complaining in the waiting room when that happened, and weren’t
able to go outside this room, right?]

[...]

This room, where Serious-senpai and ? ? ? is currently located, is the “waiting
room for the children treated as unwanted in the main story”. The fact that she
hasn’t been able to leave this room in the past even when serious development
has occurred proves that even if the main story turns out to have serious
development... Serious-senpai’s situation won’t change.

[You... Talking about... realistic matters like that... Stop that.]

Serious-senpai’s agony still continues...
