---
template: afterword
---

# Afterword

For picking up the 6th Volume of “I was Caught up in a Hero Summoning, but That
World is at Peace”, thank you very much. This time, the relationship between
Kuro and Kaito, the main heroine of the story, developed... This volume holds
one of the biggest climaxes for the whole series.

As some of you might have guessed from their names, or rather, the abbreviated
versions of their names, Kuro and Shiro are very closely related to each other.
And these two are very important key figures for Kaito.

The “black of the beginning” that marked the beginning of Kaito’s story,
Kuromueina.

The “white of the end” who professed herself the Last Boss of Kaito’s story,
Shallow Vernal.

I’m not going to talk about spoiler stuff here, but each of them has a role to
play in the future. If I were to touch upon something in the story, I guess it
would be the revisions. I made a lot of revisions for this volume, and I’m going
to mention some parts that are clearly different from the Web Novel.

First of all, there’s Illness, who appeared in Volume 4, but she’s actually a
character whose existence was only faintly mentioned in the Web Novel, and
didn’t appear until much later. And then, there’s Funf who appeared in this
volume... She still hasn’t even met Kaito in the Web Novel. I’ve personally been
thinking a lot about her setting and I think she’d be a pretty good character,
so I wanted to release her on the Web Novel as soon as possible, but I haven’t
had a chance to do so yet. That’s why, since I’m already making revisions for
the Light Novel, I decided to introduce Funf early. I’m planning to have a fair
amount of appearances in the next volume and the ones beyond that, and I think
her character design will probably appear in Volume 7, so I hope you’re looking
forward to it.

And as many of you may have noticed, many of Kuro’s family had names related to
numbers.

Starting with the German number 1, Ein... followed by 4, Vier, 5, Funf, 6,
Sechs, 8, Acht, and 9, Neun. Incidentally, Razelia is named after one of the 7
treasures, Lapis Lazuli, so she is number 7 of Kuro’s family. The number 2 and 3
of Kuro’s family were already prepared, so please wait for them to appear. Well,
the one who had number 3 had actually been introduced already... In the same
way, Lilia’s family is based after flowers, though I can’t say that not all of
them really are named after one, but well, this is just a small inside info.

Well, I’m seriously running out of things to write about in the afterword, and
I’m struggling a lot with this right now. The afterword section would probably
be the most difficult part to write in each volume.

Now then, thank you very much for reading this far. The next volume, Volume 7,
will probably focus on Isis. Of course, there will be a lot of revisions from
what was written in the Web Novel, and there will also be a story about Funf who
didn’t appear in the Web Novel, so I hope that those who read the Web Novel will
also enjoy it.

I’m looking forward to talking to you again in Volume 7’s Afterword.
