---
toc: true
---

# Intermission: Lilia — Her Other Mother

Lotus Lia Symphonia, the 17th King of Symphonia Kingdom. And as the child of the
queen, Dahlia Lia Symphonia, the girl... Lilianne Lia Symphonia was born into
the world.

Even though she was born as the long-awaited first child of the queen, who
hasn’t been blessed with children for a long time and has even been criticized
as an infertile woman, Lilianne’s position was a very delicate one. This was
because Lilianne was born at a time when Ryze Lia Symphonia, the child of a
concubine, had just been married and was officially appointed as the next king.
The royal castle isn’t a single, monolithic system. With Lilianne’s birth, a
force has arisen that insists that Lilianne, the daughter of the queen, should
be installed as the next king, causing some disturbance in the palace. However,
many thought that as a newborn infant, Lilianne wasn’t a match for Ryze, who had
been educated for a long time as a member of the royal family, and thus, the
calls for Lilianne to be the next king gradually became lesser and lesser. If
that had been all, it would have been dismissed as a dispute for succession,
which is common in the royal family. However, by the time Lilianne was four
years old, there were strong calls to make her king again.

Yes, it is ironic in a way, but Lilianne Lia Symphonia—was a “genius”.

She was no subpar genius either. She possessed an overwhelming talent that was
unparalleled in the history of the Human Realm. She could read a book and easily
understand its contents, she could learn etiquette and dance with ease after
being taught once. In fact, by the time she was five years old, she was already
able to use magic. She had later said that “it took her about three months to
learn magic”. It’s a speed... that couldn’t be said as fast for Humans. However,
in the first place, the premise in this matter is different.

No, indeed, it took Lilianne three months to activate her magic...
“Self-taught”, that is. Yes, at a very young age and with no magical guidance by
others. Without being taught by anyone, Lilianne became aware of the existence
of magic power flowing through her body, and was able to use it by herself,
causing others to shudder before her talent.

Because of this, the King, Lotus and the Queen, Dahlia, were troubled. Even with
her birth, the two were preparing to hand over the throne to Ryze, but as
Lilianne’s talent is revealed, the voices in Lilianne’s faction are growing
louder and louder. It might be repetitive to say this, but Lilianne is a genius.
A genius unparalleled in history... She can easily memorize the contents of a
book she’s read once, her etiquette is so perfect that she amazed her
instructors, and she can easily reproduce movements she had seen once. The calls
for Lilianne to become the next king, which had been few at first, became so
loud that they divided the royal court, and the two were forced to deal with
them on a daily basis.

However, this was not the only change that took place. Lilianne herself was
beginning to change as well. In a negative way. In the eyes of the young
Lilianne, all the people around her were “incompetent”. The adults around her
struggled to do things that she, a child, could do easily, and there were even
things that the adults were no match for her. Not having much time with her busy
royal parents, and with everyone around her praising her as a genius...
Together, these factors have begun to create an arrogance in Lilianne’s heart
that looks down on others.

If she had been left as she was, Lilianne’s character would have had a warped
personality. She might have grown up to be an arrogant person, brandishing
around her power. Lotus was quick to realize this, and thus, he took in his
long-time best friend, the elven mage Rejnhardt, and his daughter Sieglinde as
Lilianne’s friend, to help her heal her loneliness and keep her from forgetting
how to care for others... However, it would take some time to move the whole
family out of Rigforeshia. He thought that they wouldn’t be able to make it in
time before the arrogance within Lilianne’s heart solidly forms.

However, there was someone who scolded such a Lilianne.

[...Lilianne-samaaaa, thaaaat’s wroooong.]

[W-What do you think you’re doing, Illness?!]

Yes, it was Lilianne’s personal maid... Illness.

After being lightly prodded in the forehead by Illness, Lilianne naturally
sharply reacted. She wondered why someone like herself is being offended...

[You caaaan’t talk doooown to peeeeeople like thaaaat.]

[...I-I’m just stating the facts. Even Illness wouldn’t be able to win against
me. I am an amazi...]

[Reeeeeeeally? You doooon’t look that amaaaazing to me thouuuuuuugh?]

[W-Why?!]

Lilianne had never been scolded that much. It was no wonder. There were not many
people who could scold her, a princess and a rare genius...

However, Illness scolded her. With her usual gentle tone, she admonished her.

[There’s nothing amaaaaazing in hurting anyone’s feelings, you knooooow? Hurting
anyone’s feeliiiiiings is something anyone can dooooo. What is truuuuuuuly
amazing is to be able to recognize and proteeeeeeect those who are
powerleeeeeess.]

[..........]

[Lilianne-sama certainlyyyyy might have amazing poweeeeer~~. Howeveeeeer, if you
use that power to hurt someoooooone, then you’re just a bad persooon who can be
found anywheeeeeere. It is onlyyyyy when you use your power properlyyyy that you
can become a respectable persooooon.]

[...Uuuu, but...]

Illness calmly and slowly spoke to Lilianne. The use of power, the
responsibility of those with great power, and what is necessary when you are
eventually in a position to protect others...

Lilianne is intelligent. It didn’t take long for her to realize that Illness’
words were correct. But even so, there was a part of her that was not fully
convinced... but one word from Illness made her change her mind.

[...If Lilianne-samaaaa becomes a bad aduuuuuult, I will “hate” youuuuu.]

[I-I... don’t want that.]

At that point, Lilianne was not an arrogant person yet. She was just beginning
to show signs of arrogance. The fact that she was scolded at that time by the
person who had been taking care of her since she became aware of things... The
thought of not wanting to be hated by Illness, with whom she had talked to the
most, became the impetus that changed her mind.

And after that, she gained a kind friend in Sieglinde, which helped her to grow
up without forgetting to be kind and considerate to others.

In the process of growing up as a kind-hearted princess, Lilianne was able to
improve her relationship with her brother, Ryze. As a result, she was able to
recognize the importance of family, although she probably didn’t expect that
Ryze would become an extreme siscon. Of course, she was able to do so partly
because she was kind-hearted by nature, but more than that... the existence of
Illness had played a big part in this.

By the time Lilianne was fourteen, her talent was known not only throughout the
kingdom, but even in the other countries.. That’s why not many people were
surprised when she won second place in her first appearance in a martial arts
tournament. As expected of the genius, Lilianne Lia Symphonia... She was praised
by many people for her talent. The person in question, perhaps accustomed to
such words, only smiled and thanked them, just as one would expect from royalty.

However... there are exceptions that are unlike those many people.

[Illness! Please listen to me! I was the runner-up in a martial arts
tournament!!! Well, I lost to Sieg in the finals but... I will win next time!]

When Illness saw Lilianne speaking with a heartfelt happy smile on her face,
unlike the graceful smile she had when she thanked people’s praises in the
arena, she stopped cleaning and smiled.

[Kuhihi, I seeeee~~ Congratulatiooooons. Lilia-samaaaa, “you really did your
beeeeest”.]

[E-Ehehe... T-That’s not the case. I still have a long way to go.]

[Even soooo~~ That’s very admirableeee. Shall I baaaake you a caaaaake as a
rewaaaaard?]

[T-Thank you! I’m so happy!]

Illness... never once called Lilianne a “genius”. She always “praised her
effort”, not her talent. Lilianne was very happy receiving her praises. She
loved the feeling of being gently patted on the head, and the affection she felt
from the cakes Illness bakes for her as a reward.

For Lilianne, Illness was her “other mother”. Of course, she loved her own
mother too. Especially after her brother took over the throne, she was grateful
that she came to see her during her busy work schedule, where they would often
have tea together. However, her love for Illness was just as much as her mother.
She has always loved Illness, who had been by her side since she was a child,
scolding her when she made mistakes and praising her when she did her best.

That’s why, when she had changed her name to Lilia Albert and became the head of
a Duchy, she desperately bowed and asked Illness to follow her.

[Please, Illness! I know how to behave as a Duchess to a certain extent, but I
have no idea how to teach servants or anything like that... Most of the people
who said they’d follow me are former knights and there’s no one else who
understands what it’s like being a maid!]

[Huuhhh...]

Seeing Lilianne earnestly begging her, her head low enough that it was almost
rubbing on the ground, Illness felt a little troubled.

(The role Shalltear-samaaaa had given me is to oversee the information within
Symphonia’s royal capitaaaaaal. That being the caaaaaase, working within
Symphonia’s royal castle would be most efficieeeeent.)

Yes, the reason why Illness was working as a maid in the royal castle was
because of the orders of the Phantasmal King, her true King, and Lilia’s request
was beyond the scope of the decisions she could make on her own.

[Please. There’s no one else I can rely on!]

[I understand what you’re sayiiiiiing, but I can’t decide right awaaaayyy, so
can you give me some time to think about iiiiiit?]

[Of course! Thank you very much!]

It’s rare for Lilianne to be this desperate. This is probably an indication that
she really wants Illness to follow her. However, Illness being excellent and
wanting her to teach her maids... was just a pretense.

Lilianne—Lilia was anxious.

Her best friend who lost her voice, her position as a Duchess, and what lies in
the future... because of these inexplicable anxieties, she wanted Illness... her
“other mother” by her side.

(For the time beiiiiiiing, I’ll report to Shalltear-samaaaaa~~ I wonder if she
gives me permissioooooon? I think a replacement spy would need to be
arrangeeeeeed, but I can’t leave this anxious child aloooooone. It would be
great if I receive permissioooooon.)

Illness had never felt the emotion called happiness in her life... but other
than such a fact, she is a being with an extremely sensible mind. She also has
feelings for Lilia, whom she has taken care of for many years. She wanted to
help her if she could, so she asked Shalltear for permission to leave her post
in the royal castle. As a result, Shalltear easily granted her permission, and
together with Lilia, she went to the Albert Duchy. And since it had led to a
fateful encounter for Illness, it was probably a very good choice for her.

---

The office of Albert Duchy. Lilia, who had been working late into the night,
stopped at the sound of a knock. When she gave her permission, Illness came in
while pushing a cart.

[Miladyyyy, youuuuu’re still workiiiiing?]

[Y-Yes, just a few more... No, there really were just a few more than I needed
to handle...]

Hearing Illness’ words, Lilia looked like a child who had been caught playing a
prank, looking away and slightly scratching her cheek. Thereupon, Illness
settled down the cart, approached Lilia and lightly poking Lilia’s forehead with
her forefinger.

[...That’s no goooood. Doing your beeeest is fiiiiine, but you need to know how
to take it easy, okaaaaay?]

[Ahh... Yes.]

Lilia obediently nodded to Illness’ words, as if she was aware that she had been
putting in too much work. After a look of satisfaction on her face, Illness
walks towards the cart again and speaks.

[I’ve brought some refreshmeeeents and baked a caaaaaake. Would you like
sooooome?]

[Thank you. I’ll have some.]

[Yeeeees~~]

Because of her position as the head of a Duchy, Lilia has eaten many kinds of
cakes at soirées and tea parties. But still, she liked the cakes baked by
Illness the best.

It’s hard to describe, but it has this heartwarming and affectionate taste. For
Lilia, this is what she thinks is a “mother’s cooking”. As she ate the cake that
Illness had prepared for her with a happy expression on her face, Lilia
muttered.

[...Illness. Have I become... a respectable head? Have I properly protected
everyone?]

Her anxiety leaked out from her quiet murmur. When Illness heard this, her usual
peculiar smile appeared from her lips as she gently placed her hand on Lilia’s
head.

[It’s alriiiiiiight. Miladyyyy prooooperly did her beeeeest. Seeing you become a
respectable peeeeeerson makes me very happyyyyy.]

The feeling of being gently stroked on her head, the gentleness that softly
enveloped her heart. Looking at Illness’ peculiar smile, which had scared her a
bit at first, but she had now grew to love, Lilia happily smiled.

[...Howeveeeeer~~ Doing your best too muuuuuuch is no good, okaaaaaaaay?]

[Ugghhhh... B-But, Illness is the one who’s doing too much... Even today, you
only took about 5 hours off and went back to work. You can rest a little longer,
you know?]

[I’m a Demon after aaaaaaall, so me doing it is fiiiiiiine.]

[Muuuu...]

[Kuhihi. Isn’t it alriiiiiight? I enjoy working like this after aaaaaaall.]

[Ahh, geez... Saying it that way isn’t fair. If you say it like that, I wouldn’t
be able to force you to rest...]

In fact, if one looks at the girl named Lilia’s life so far, there are many
factors that could have distorted her. The conflict with her brother, her
overwhelming talent, her parents who are too busy to care about her, the people
around her who only see her talent and not herself... One wrong move and she
could have been exercising her gift in the wrong way. However, she was blessed
by her surroundings.

Lilia still does not know that Illness’s true identity being Pandemonium. But
even if she did, she would certainly be surprised, but it would not change
relationship with her. No matter whether she’s a Count-rank or an executive of
one of the Six Kings... For Lilia, the thought that Illness was her other mother
would never fade away...
