---
toc: true
---

# Intermission: Kuromueina — The Wish of the God's Half-Body

I was born from half of Shiro... The God of Creation, Shallow Vernal. I’m Shiro,
but not Shiro... And just as I’m different from Shiro, there’s something I’ve
wanted since the day I was born. It’s nothing special, it’s very simple, so I
thought I’d get it right away. When I met Ein, Lillywood, Magnawell, Isis,
Megiddo, and Shalltear, I knew I was getting closer to acquiring it. I felt so
happy... but somehow, I felt like it wasn’t what I was really looking for. I may
have been wishing for too much, and perhaps, I need to make a compromise... but
the little thorn that pierced my heart is getting bigger and bigger.

I’ve been living with this world for a while now and I really liked this world.
The lives in this world, along with the sceneries that could be seen, they’re
slowly growing and changing... and I couldn’t help but love it. When did it
start though? In the Demon Realm, we started being called the Six Kings... I
knew that Shalltear was trying to bring order to the Demon Realm, and I wanted
to help her. That’s why, when Shalltear asked me to be one of the symbols of the
Demon Realm... clearly understanding what it meant, I agreed.

However, when it came to the point where people around me started calling me
only as the Underworld King-sama... It somehow felt more unpleasant than I
expected. It was like they were telling me that I’m a superior being, and every
time they called me that, I felt some pain in my chest.

That’s when I realized... What I really wished for...

I love the world. I never thought of anyone as inferior, thinking that we were
all equals, and I treated them as such. However... No one is looking at me as
their equal. No one is standing “right next to my side”.

I have a family that I love... but they were treating me like I’m the best in
the world.

I’ve also got my baby birds... but in the end, all of them were bowing down
their heads.

Why? For what reason? I just want someone to be next to me... You don’t have to
have the same strength as I do, just don’t look at me as a superior, and just
laugh with me by my side... That is all that I wanted...

I want someone that treats me as an equal, someone who stands next to me... and
when I finally became aware of what that wish means, it really became more
painful than ever before.

...Shiro is... different. Shiro is me, and I am Shiro, so I don’t treat her as
another being different from me. That small distress of mine was first noticed
by Shalltear.

[...Kuro-san, I can somewhat guess what you’re troubled about.]

[...Shalltear... T-That’s right. If it’s Shalltear...]

[I’m sorry... That’s definitely impossible for me. I am not the being that
you’re wishing to find.]

[...Why...]

Shalltear was a mysterious child. She was from another world, and even though
her soul is quite mature, she was a bit of a klutz who couldn’t handle her
abilities properly, and after I taught her a lot about how to use her
abilities... we became family.

[...Maybe it’s because I have a decent amount of power. Once I clearly
recognized you as my superior in my mind... I won’t be able to see myself as
your equal anymore.]

[H-However, that’s something that I...]

[Even if you think so, it doesn’t erase the perception in my mind that I’m
inferior to Kuro-san... Of course, no matter how much you ask, I could act as
your equal as many times as you want. However, if I were to do that... I’m sure
that you would be hurt even more than this.]

[...]

Those words coldly pierced my heart. I know Shalltear didn’t mean to hurt when
she said it like that. I know she only said it out of concern for me... However,
it’s as if she’s telling me that there wouldn’t be anyone who can truly be equal
to me. No one is going to come and treat me as their equal without regard to my
mighty power... That’s what I feel she’s saying.

However, but still... It isn’t that bad, right? I already have my important
family with me, and I’m always feeling happy. There’s no need for me to wish for
more... isn’t what I thought. If I could just be happy with what I have now...
That should be...

After a really long time passed, there are more children around me than ever
before. My precious family, my beloved baby birds... they should have been
enough for me, and yet, I still couldn’t give up on my wish. Whenever I find a
baby bird that resembles my former self, I can’t help but think “this time” in
the back of my mind. I’ve been thinking that if I raise a baby bird that
resembles my old self, they will be able to stand next to me... but that never
came true.

I’m supposed to be happier when I’m surrounded by even more of my beloved
children... But for some reason, it feels cold and painful, as if there was no
one near me all along. The more I loved the child, the more I tried to think of
them as my happiness... However, I feel colder and colder as the depths of my
heart froze from despair.

And now, in front of me, another one of my beloved baby birds stood with her
dark wings outstretched. She saw the sad expression I sometimes wore and
misinterpreted it...

[Kuromu-sama, you are the one who should be on top of the world!!! Not those
Gods in the God Realm, but you!!!]

[...”Vier”... I am...]

[The one who should truly be on top of the world isn’t that Shallow Vernal, but
you!!! I, no we, will make sure that your great name will be known as the
supreme ruler of the world!]

[You’re mistaken... that kind of thing... isn’t my wish!!!]

[?!]

What she said was the farthest thing from what I could hope for. The supreme
ruler of the world? If I were to become that, I know that I truly wouldn’t
achieve my wish. So, what’s the point? I may have been storing up lots of pain
without realizing it... As before I realized it, my magic power was leaking out
of my body, and a lot of my children collapsed before my magic power.

[...Kuromu...-sama...]

[I’m sorry, Vier... but, that’s no good. You can’t trouble the other children...
Understand? You don’t have to do something like that...]

[...However... All I was... was just a hindrance for you... Bringing gloominess
on your face...]

[I’m sorry, but it’s really nothing... It’s not something Vier should care
about...]

I still regret that moment. If only I had been honest with her and told Vier
what I wanted, telling her that it wasn’t what I wanted... If only Vier hadn’t
called herself the “Demon Lord” and invaded the Human Realm...

After that incident with Vier, I’ve decided to give up on my wish. If I kept on
showing gloominess on my face, some of the children might misunderstand it, just
like Vier. I was forced to keep smiling, even if it meant I was forcing myself
to do so.

That’s right, I love this world... That feeling of mine isn’t false.

That’s why, it’s okay... Even if I don’t have anyone by my side, my beloved
children are still around me...

Yes, I thought... that I had given up, and I thought... there wasn’t any hint of
my wish in my mind at all.

Festival of Heroes... The world’s biggest festival held once a decade, where
people from Hikari’s homeworld are invited to play the role of Hero... It wasn’t
long after that that my wish started to come out of my mind again. The children
who play the role of Hero... I like otherworlders... as they’re “people who
don’t know about me”...

The times when I hid my identity and approached them is when I felt the greatest
joy... I felt that they were talking to me as their equal. I was so happy at
that moment, filled with happiness... However, once they understand a lot about
the world, once they find out who I am... And once they saw my power... All of
them also fell down on their knees. The time filled with happiness while I
talked with them before became the reason why it became impossibly painful for
me.

The time filled with happiness and the painful thoughts... As I repeatedly felt
this over and over again, my wish had grown to the point where I couldn’t
control it. I want to talk to the otherworlder children longer and hear them
speak to me equally more... However, the children who play the role of Heroes
are so busy that I can only have a few conversations with them while keeping my
identity hidden.

In the end, the desire to not give up even a little bit... drove me to do such a
thing. I tinkered the Hero Summoning magic circle so that it would summon
multiple otherworlders... I figured that if I did that, I could talk to everyone
except for the child who play the role of Hero even longer.

I ended up troubling Shalltear when I decided to do so... but I thought that
this would be the last time I’m doing this. This is the last time, and after
this, I would throw away this wish of mine that won’t be achieved... Putting the
wish hidden behind the depths of my heart within my magic power, I let the
Summoning magic circle run amok.

And then—that’s when I met you.

In the beginning, I didn’t have any special feelings for you. I was just
thinking of raising you for your sake. However, you’re a really different child.
All the children who play the role of Hero I’ve talked with so far, every time I
show them a bit of my power, little by little, they’ve become afraid of me.
However, you’re not like them at all, always greeting me in the same way. And
then, you easily surpassed my imagination... When I found out that Shiro, the
other me, was interested in you, I was surprised. Because the only people Shiro
has ever been interested in... are Shalltear and Hikari-chan...

If you’ve gained Shiro’s interest, if you’re not afraid of standing before her,
I thought that maybe... That’s why I decided to tell you my true identity. I may
have acted like I didn’t really care about your reaction, but I was really...
really afraid. I was afraid that after you found out who I was... you’d leave me
and all the fun and happiness I felt in the days you’re here would disappear.
When I went to Lilia-chan’s house, I felt like my heart was about to be torn
apart until you spoke to me. I shuddered at the thought of you speaking to me in
a respectful manner and apologized for your previous rudeness.

[Kuro, so you’re actually the Underworld King huh...]

Hearing the slightly amazed tone in your voice, I was so happy that I almost
cried. Even after knowing who I was... You still spoke to me as an equal. I felt
happy, felt so happy that I can’t contain myself. I mean, I’ve never seen one
like you before. Not a single child has ever...

[The Underworld King certainly felt different from what I had imagined.]

No child has ever told me that before... There isn’t anyone who treated me like
that. Since then, I think that’s when I started to have strong feelings for
you... I’ve enjoyed talking to you more than ever, and seeing you smile makes me
happy too.

For the first time... I felt the feeling of love... because of you.

However, as my feelings for you grew, something that has been greatly weighing
on my mind appeared. When the Festival of Heroes ends, you will return... to the
world you came from... and you will disappear from my life. I know! I also heard
that you have important people in your former world... and an uncle and aunt who
have been taking care of you. If I think about you... I must give up these
feelings. You would return back to your own world... that’s why...

I’ve become too used to lying to myself over the years. The truth is that I was
just scared... I felt that if I let these growing feelings of mine for your come
out into the open... I will never be able to turn back to how I used to be. I
feel like I wouldn’t be able to live without you anymore... and that’s something
I can’t help but fear.

I wish I could have walked away from you once I realized that, but I was too
happy to spend my time with you that I couldn’t bear for us to part. And with
every step you took, I can definitely feel you getting closer and closer to me.
When you held out the golden fruit to me, my heart greatly trembled. I was so
happy, unbearably happy... However, if I were to receive it, I would already...

That’s why, I rejected you.

With all my might, and with all my heart... putting in my killing intent... I
can’t get away from you, so I asked you to get away from me...

Of course, I didn’t really want to kill you, nor did I want to hurt you. I had a
firm grasp on your Sympathy Magic, so little by little, to bring out the fear
hidden within your heart... I increased my killing intent.

But... However... You are...

[...Kuro... Thank you... for everything.]

However, you still didn’t let me go away... You won’t let go of my heart. And
for the first time... I was defeated. You may have received help from the other
members of the Six Kings, and you may have received support from Shiro. However,
those things don’t matter... It’s not because of the others that I was
defeated... It was because of your straightforward will. I was convinced that
you are the one... The one I’ve been wishing to meet all these times.

I thanked Kaito-kun again for listening to this long story of mine. Since it was
already late at night, Kaito-kun started getting ready for bed and I’m going to
leave... is what he thought, but I actually pretended to leave and actually
stayed hidden somewhere nearby.

After Kaito-kun went to bed, I came back to his room... and crawled into the
blanket where Kaito-kun sleeps. Perfectly sticking my body against his, I closed
my eyes, feeling the warmth of Kaito-kun’s body heat all over my body. The
feeling of happiness and his comfortable warmth... I bury my face in my beloved
Kaito-kun’s chest, feeling the happiness that surrounds my whole body.

Kaito-kun... I love you, I really love you.

What you will do after the Festival of Heroes... isn’t something I will ask.
Because either way, it doesn’t matter anymore for me...

I will be glad if you stay here with me, but if you go back to your previous
world... I’ll be there with you. Even if I have to leave this world I’ve always
loved, I still want to walk towards the future with you by my side...
