---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 2: The War Back Then

With my confession over and all things cleared up, Kuro and I are now lovers
but... I’m absurdly embarrassed?! What do I do?! I can’t look straight at her
now, you know?! When I suddenly feel embarrassed by the fact that we’ve reached
a point where I feel like I just want to scream in agony, Kuro smiles out of
nowhere, taking out the golden fruit I gave her earlier.

[Kaito-kun, who gave you this?]

[...Eh? Errr, it’s Alice but...]

[Fufu, I see... Then, do you know the “meaning” of giving this to me?]

[Eh? Meaning?]

Come to think of it, in the end, I still didn’t know what that golden fruit was
for, and when I tilted my head and asked Kuro, she smiled back. Thereupon, with
a faint blush on her cheeks, Kuro tells me with a bashful smile on her lips.

[Presenting this golden fruit is the act of “marriage proposal” for the
Spirits.]

[Ehh? Eeehhhh?!]

[You would give her the golden fruit, and when the recipient eats it, it’s a
success. I’ve heard that the Humans have also been doing it for years, so I
thought you already knew about it.]

[I-Is that right...]

That freaking Alice, why the heck did she give that to me?! Doesn’t that mean I
was apparently proposing to Kuro before I could confess to her... The heck is
that, it’s making me more embarrassed just thinking about it! In front of me,
who is feeling the heat gathering on my face, Kuro spontaneously brings the
golden fruit to her mouth and takes a bite.... wait, eeehhhh?!

[Wait, K-Kuro?!]

[Ahh, this is quite fresh. Isn’t this quite delicious?]

[N-No, you don’t just comment on its deliciousness in this situation...]

Kuro eating that fruit means that she accepts my proposal... Ah, this is no
good, I feel like i’m face is getting hotter and hotter. After gazing at me in
amusement, Kuro spontaneously walks up to me and gently hugs me.

[...Ahh... Finally... I’ve finally found you.]

[Kuro?]

[...It’s been a really long time... I’ve finally found someone who will “treat
me as an equal”... and would “stand next to me”...]

[.........]

Tears flowed from Kuro’s eyes again, and she gently hugged me as if I were her
treasure. Kuro said there’s something she’s been looking for for a long time...
and now, she’s found it...

[...Kaito-kun... I’ll tell you everything... about me... what I wanted... my
everything... I will tell you about it, Kaito-kun.]

[Unnn.]

As she clung to my body like a spoiled child, Kuro leaned her body on me, while
I hugged her back. I feel a sense of joy as if my heart was being gently wrapped
in happiness, while stroked her hair that is comfortable to touch.

[However, for a little bit... Really just a little bit... Wait for me.]

[Unnn?]

[Right now... I’m brimming with the emotion of love for Kaito-kun... that I
can’t think of anything other than Kaito-kun. I can’t think of anything at all.]

[...It’s alright. I’m not in a hurry, and I will always be here with you... so
it’s alright even if we take it easy.]

[...Unnn. Kaito-kun... I love you... I love you... No matter how much I say it,
it isn’t enough to convey my feelings. Kaito-kun... Thank you for coming to this
world... and meeting me...]

Feeling the definite warmth of my beloved in my arms, my heart was filled with a
peaceful happiness. The mysterious demon girl who I encountered in another world
and saved me. She’s gentle, childish, yet somehow mature, and always has a
lovely smile on her face, she who I love the most... And from today onwards, my
relationship with such a person has taken a big step forward—from friends to
lovers.

With the night completely gone and silence reigns outside the window, Kuro spoke
in a calm tone.

[Errr, well then, where shall we begin?]

[...B-Before we do that, can I ask you one question?]

[Unnn?]

[...What’s with our position...]

I’m currently sitting on the sofa, while Kuro is sitting in the same spot...
Yes, in the same spot...

What I’m trying to say is that Kuro is on my lap.

M-My heart is beating outrageously fast... Why is it that girls’ bodies are so
soft all over the place... The softness and warmth I feel in my lap makes my
heart ring out like an alarm clock, and my face gets hotter and hotter.
Moreover, Kuro is leaning her body weight on my body, making me feel her body
heat on my chest as well as my lap.

[I want to keep close to Kaito-kun... Is it no good?]

[N-No?! It’s _not_ no good.]

[Ehehe, thanks. Kaito-kun, you’re warm.]

Kuro’s expression, with a happy grin and her cheeks blushing like red cherries,
is so cute that it could even kill people. Seeing her cuteness that I couldn’t
resist, I reflexively replied with approval, to which, Kuro happily rubs the
back of her head against my chest. Kuro is somewhat more childlike and more
fawning than before... Perhaps, for Kuro, the act of fawning is the best way to
express affection. Feeling the warmth of those actions, I gently hugged Kuro’s
body from behind. Kuro happily smiles at my actions, then tells me the topic she
was talking to me about right from the start.

[Then, first of all... I’ll tell you my true identity.]

[Alright.]

Kuro’s true identity. To be honest, I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t curious
about it at all. According to Alice, she’s as powerful as the most powerful God
in the world and the only being who can kill Shiro-san... In that case, what
kind of being is she? At least, for a human like me, what I can only vaguely
imagine is that she’s an amazing person.

[...I’m actually... “another Shiro”.]

[...Eh?]

[Shiro and I are mirror images of each other, and we are two sides of the same
coin.]

[Errr, what does that mean?]

Kuro tells me that she’s another Shiro-san... When Kuro said that, I remembered
her appearance earlier. She looks just like Shiro-san... Rather, they look
exactly the same except for the color of their hair... Her appearance certainly
makes the word “another Shiro-san” fit.

[Kaito-kun, the Shiro you met was actually quite harmonious. The old Shiro was
more cold and indifferent.]

[............]

[Shiro, you see, is the one who created this world... but she never thought that
what she did was right or that her actions were great... Not even a shred of any
thoughts at all. So, even when Shiro created the world, she “divided” her power,
which was omnipotent, in half.]

[Half?]

[Unnn... and half of that power dropped into the world she has created, giving
it the bare minimum of knowledge... and that half is me.]

Kuro is a being with the same power as her as she’s made from her own abilities,
and at the same time, she was responsible for assessing the world that Shiro-san
had created... or something like that? As if to affirm it, Kuro nodded once
before she continued speaking.

[The reason Shiro created me is simple. After I see the world and grow along
with it... When this world decided that it didn’t need the existence of the
Creator God anymore, she created a being that could kill the Creator God. Shiro
wasn’t even interested in her own self. She thought that as soon as she created
the world, her role would eventually come to an end. Leaving the management of
the world to the Gods she created, not even looking at the world... Only waiting
for me to come back to kill her or for when I’ve decided to abandon the world
and destroy it.]

[............]

Honestly, I couldn’t understand the thoughts of Shiro-san at that time. No, I
supposed you could say that it’s God-like in a way... but hearing that she
doesn’t even care about herself, is in a way, giving me the chills. If
necessary, she will create a being to kill herself when her role is over, and if
it’s a failure, she’s willing to destroy even the world she created... She’s too
cold and thinks systematically...

However, things just didn’t go according to Shiro-san’s intentions. There
actually may be some indifference in the current airheaded Shiro-san, but I
think she’s become a human-like God filled with both kindness and love, for all
sorts of reasons, I also like Shiro-san a lot.

[...Well, after that, I saw this world with my own eyes, I lived with it, I
loved it... And I got irritated, so I punched Shiro in the face.]

[...Huh?]

[I mean, yeah. She has created such a beautiful, wonderful world, but she’s not
even looking at it, only looking at the future even when no one asked her to do
so, and then, even having the gall to ask me to kill her... I feel like she’s
just messing around. So, I got really angry... I mean, isn’t she the one who
made this world? Then, take responsibility, and watch over them! Support them
when needed!]

Kuro was originally the same existence as Shiro-san, but because she lived with
the world, loved this world, and built a firm sense of self... She couldn’t
forgive Shiro-san... her other self, who remained unconcerned for the world.

[So, I went to the God Realm to beat up Shiro... 20,000 years ago.]

[Does that mean that the war between the Demon Realm and the God Realm 20,000
years ago... was just because of a quarrel between Kuro and Shiro-san?]

[Well, I guess you could describe it as such!]

Looking at Kuro puffing out her small chest as she proudly nodded her head, I
can’t help but be taken aback.

[Me and Shiro are totally evenly matched in strength... I had a special magic
that could kill Shiro in one strike, given to me by none other than Shiro
herself. However, I didn’t want to kill Shiro, nor did I want to destroy the
world... I just wanted to fight Shiro and punch my opinions to her face, but if
I do that, the other Gods would definitely fight me and I would just exhaust
myself fighting them... We’re originally evenly matched with each other, so the
more I’m exhausted, the more I’m at a disadvantage.]

[...That’s why you went there with the Six Kings...]

[Unnn. With everyone’s help, I pulled Shiro out of the inner areas of the God
Realm.]

Stopping there for a few moments, Kuro slowly began to talk about that time...

---

**—— 20, 000 Years Ago ——**

On that day, a great earthquake resounded throughout the God Realm.

The Divine Gate, which was the only path that connects the God Realm to the
Demon Realm and the Human Realm at that time, was destroyed, and beings who
possessed great magnitude of magic powers appeared. And the one who perceived
this abnormal situation the earliest was a Supreme God of the God Realm...

[What the... this magic power?! 6 beings... No, 7?]

Chronois, the God of Time and Space, sensed the huge magic power that has
suddenly appeared in the God Realm, stopping her hands from doing her work and
standing up. One can certainly move from the God Realm to the Demon Realm and
the Human Realm. However, only the Gods were supposed to be able to move from
the Demon Realm and Human Realm into the God Realm. In other words, the fact
that Chronois is currently sensing the magic power of beings other than Gods...

[...No way, they overwrote the magic formula in the Gate?! The Gate that Shallow
Vernal-sama herself built... imbued with a magic formula that Shallow
Vernal-sama herself has written... Kuh?!]

As soon as she became aware of the situation. Chronois immediately leaped out of
her temple. As soon as she leaped out, from a far distance... she could see a
large smoke rising from the direction of the Divine Gate and Chronois instantly
stopped the world’s time.

[...Whoever you are... I will make you regret the day you pointed your blade on
the God Realm!]

For Chronois, she who governs time, distance isn’t a hindrance to anything.
Starting to move along the halted time, Chronois reaches the Divine Gate in less
than even a blink of an eye for the others—is what should have happened.

[Guh?!]

Immediately after she started to move, Chronois was struck by a powerful impact
that knocked her to the ground. Even with the defensive capabilities of a
Supreme God, it’s a strike so powerful that she couldn’t completely block it,
and while she cried out in anguish, she immediately regained her stance. The
damage to her body can be recovered instantly. However, the astonishment on
Chronois’s face hasn’t disappeared.

[...This is impossible... Who are you! How are you still moving within my halted
time...]

[...Something like that is easy for an “attendant” like me... I can’t let you go
anywhere near my master.]

With her short, platinum-colored cropped hair fluttering, the assailant calmly
stood before Chronois... Ein, confronted Chronois who was standing before her in
a guarded stance.

(What in the world is with her idiotic amount of magic power... It’s
unbelievable. It’s even comparable to a Supreme God like me... If the other
invaders are around her level, then this will be bad!)

A bead of sweat trickles down Chronois’s forehead. She understands Ein’s
strength on her skin, and she shudders, thinking that there are still six
powerful people of her level. However, Chronois didn’t let that show on her
face, and immediately readied for battle. For if beings of this level of
strength are attacking the God Realm, she must rush to the scene as soon as
possible...

Just like Chronois, the God of Life, Life sensed the attack and immediately went
to the area where they were invaded from, the Divine Gate, and through her
ability, she caught the sight of the assailants through the eyes of the Gods in
the area.

(I detected seven magic powers, but there are only 3 near the Divine Gate... A
Magical Beast, a Dragon and a Spirit... The other beings have scattered already
huh, how troublesome... Anyway, they possess incredible magic power... I need to
suppress those three!)

Life has also sensed the power of the assailants and deciding that these beings
are the greatest danger since the beginning of the God Realm, she immediately
used her power to control life. Shining magic power swirled around Life like
shooting stars, and each of them transformed into armored soldiers armed with
huge spears. The number of these troops easily reached tens of thousands, and
all of them flew straight towards the invaders according to Life’s instructions.

[Forward, vanguard troops.]

Summoning soldiers numbering tens of thousands, under the direction of Fate,
they flew in a straight line towards the assailants.

[—Wha?!]

However, the armored soldiers never reached the three assailants, and all of
them began to fall at the same time.

[...I won’t let you go through.]

(What a sinister magic power... It’s as if it’s death itself...)

Isis descends in front of Life, clad in her sinister magic power of death
glowing bluish-white. The armored soldiers who were touched by the magic power
of death released by Isis fall one by one, extinguishing the light of their
lives.

[...If you... interfere... I will kill you.]

[...I see, that’s a considerable magic power you possess... However, how about
you don’t underestimate me too much!!?!]

[?!]

With those words, Life’s body glows with light, and a legion of soldiers far
exceeding the previous one appears around her.

[I am she who governs life. It’s easy for me to revive lost lives and even
create new ones... Incarnation of Death... No matter how many soldiers you kill,
I will create a legion that will surpass it.]

[...It doesn’t matter... All I have to do... is kill them all.]

Staring at Life, who has a legion of soldiers completely filling her field of
vision, the magic power of death Isis is clad in swelled even more powerfully.

Life and Death, two conflicting forces, now quietly collide.

[...I guess I can’t say that I’m not going to participate since it’s troublesome
huh.]

Hearing the sound of battle echoing through the God Realm, Fate, the God of
Fate, silently watches the battle from above.

(The God of Time and Space and the God of Life are both being overwhelmed. Are
you telling me that each of the fellows has powers rivaling ours... It can’t be
helped. In this situation, I just have to go all out and deal with the remaining
five.)

Fate, she who governs fate, has the power to determine the possibilities.
Therefore, if she looks over the entire battlefield, miracles will continue to
happen to her allies and misfortune will continue to befall on her enemies. And
the moment Fate was about to exert her power to determine their fate, the
landscape turned into static and her power vanished.

[?!]

[...How scary, you are~~ You can even tamper the principle of causalities, you
Gods really are quite outrageous beings.]

(When did she?! How come I didn’t sense her approach?)

[In that case~~ Let’s confine you right here!]

Shaking her chained robe, Shalltear declared with an unserious tone. Warding off
those words with her indifferent gaze, Fate quietly replied to her.

[...You, stop me? Did you really think you could do it?]

[That’s something I can do. Because I’m the clown who deceives the world riddled
with empty illusions... unbound by fate and destiny.]

[...As expected of a clown. That’s a funny joke you said there... Though that’s
something that I would laugh about...]

The God who defines destiny, and the clown who deceives the world... Like the
other Supreme Gods, Fate also had to face a powerful enemy.

And thus, while the battle is being waged by beings holding powerful
abilities... The most powerful beings in the world had slowly risen towards the
Throne of God, and were beginning to walk into the battlefield. Without knowing
that a certain being awaits...

While the earth was shaking wildly as powerful magic powers clashed in various
places, another fierce battle was taking place in front of the Divine Gate.

[Ahh, d*mn it! I also want to fight a Supreme God!!!]

“It’s all about compatibility. The place we’re assigned to now is the best for
us... also, don’t be negligent, Megiddo. Even the high-ranking Gods are
individually powerful.”

Megiddo, brandishing their strong arms wrapped in black fur that looked like
blazing fire, looks dissatisfied that they couldn’t fight a Supreme God. Chiding
Megiddo as he mutters that, Magnawell releases his breath to the approaching
Gods. Magnawell’s breath may have mowed down a wide area with a high amount of
power, but the Gods they’re fighting aren’t just small fries, as the Gods who
are good at Defensive Magic immediately step forward and deployed barriers.

“Lillywood, they’re coming... With their numbers, if I’m the only one fighting
them, my magic power won’t be enough. We’ll be overwhelmed if you don’t make a
followup.”

“I understand. Leave the recovery and magic power provision to me...”

With Lillywood standing behind Megiddo and Magnawell, she created several huge
trees around her. The trees were rapidly absorbing the magical power in the air,
and Lillywood was supplying that magic power to Megiddo and Magnawell, who were
fighting on the front lines. It could be said that this battle is six Demons
versus all the Gods, and with the obvious disadvantage in numbers... Lillywood
is the key for the victory of this battle.

[...?! What... is...]

The three of them are steadily defeating the approaching Gods... but suddenly,
Megiddo, who was swinging their fist, stops moving. It’s not just Megiddo, both
Magnawell and Lillywood’s bodies also stiffened regardless of the person’s will.

“...She’s finally here...”

“...I thought I was quite clear of her power... but feeling it in person....
What a tremendous power she had...”

Almost at the same time as the three of them stopped moving, the Gods also
stopped attacking and simultaneously dropped down on one knee. Now, in front of
the invaders... In the middle of the battlefield, the pinnacle of the God Realm,
the world’s strongest being... The Creator God, Shallow Vernal, has descended.

She didn’t confront them, but just being reflected in their eyes made them feel
an absolute pressure, as if their own bodies would unconditionally surrender.
The magic power she released is definitely on a different magnitude... as it
covered the entire God Realm in an instant, stopping the invaders from moving.

[This is already the end for all of you... Now that Shallow Vernal-sama has
descended, this will be the end of your life.]

One of the Gods uttered such words. What she’s saying isn’t an exaggeration nor
a bluff, it’s just pure fact. You can say that Shallow Vernal doesn’t have an
ounce of emotion. And to the beings who go against her, she will be as
indifferent as usual, cool-headedly dealing with them... She’s a being who
doesn’t have a sliver of mercy at all.

However, even though they were told words that were tantamount to a death
sentence, the three Demons didn’t seem to be fazed at all. On the contrary,
there was even a smile on their lips.

“...The end? That’s where you’re mistaken.”

“...Yes, for this is actually where it starts.”

[What are you...]

Hearing the words Magnawell and Lillywood said, the Gods looked at them
dubiously before Megiddo let out a roar.

[Oraahh! We dragged her out! This is your job now! Kuromueina!!!]

[?!]

At that moment—The skies of the God Realm were dyed jet black. A black mist
covered the sky like clouds, and the pressure that was assaulting Megiddo and
the others disappeared at the same time as those golden eyes appeared. Even
after Kuromueina appeared, there isn’t any emotion that appeared on Shallow
Vernal’s face at all. Seeing Shallow Vernal’s face still not having any emotion
in it, the Gods didn’t doubt Shallow Vernal’s victory for a moment.

There is no one in this world who can fight Shallow Vernal... That idea that has
already been established as common sense crumbled to pieces the moment the black
fog formed a fist and punched Shallow Vernal away.

[...Im... possi... ble... To do that to Shallow Vernal-sama... What is... that
monster...]

Seeing the scene in the distance, Chronois mutters in disbelief, as if she can’t
believe what she had just seen. After punching her away, seeing the black fog,
Kuromueina, immediately following Shallow Vernal’s body, Chronois immediately
begins to move.

[Get out of my path!!!]

[...I will not. I will not allow you... to hinder Kuromu-sama.]

Facing Ein, Chronois released all the power she had been suppressing earlier due
to the damage it would bring to the God Realm. Chronois wants to defeat Ein as
soon as possible and head to Shallow Vernal, while Ein wants to stop Chronois
here at all costs for Kuromueina’s sake. Both of them, harboring intense
emotions for their master, began to engage in a terrific battle, exchanging
thousands of fists in less than a second.

(Kuhh, why! How can this fellow move through my halted time?!)

It’s not strange that there are Demons who can use magic that could manipulate
time... Space-Time Magic. Among the High-ranking Demons, there are indeed some
capable of stopping time. However, the power of time Chronois wields isn’t
magic, but a God’s Authority granted to her by Shallow Vernal, a power that is
far higher than Space-Time Magic. It isn’t possible for anyone to use Space-Time
Magic to resist the authority Chronois wields.

(No way, that isn’t possible... No, but that would be the only reason I can
think of. I don’t know the reason why, but she just doesn’t have the power to
oppose my authority... This fellow... “She’s a being who’s been given the
Authority of Time by Shallow Vernal-sama”...)

Chronois and Ein’s fists clashed at a speed that let alone sound, not even light
can keep up with. Ironically, their power as well as their ability is quite
even, and it’s not so easy to settle the matter.

(...Should I use “that power”? No, I can’t do that. I’m unable to use that power
without Shallow Vernal-sama’s permission.)

Thinking that it would be difficult to settle this matter quickly, Chronois bit
her lip, but she didn’t stop her attacks, continuing to fight to eliminate Ein
with all her might.

At the same time, Life also saw Shallow Vernal being punched away, so she began
rushing to settle her own battle.

[This isn’t the time to keep up appearances!]

[?!]

As soon as she said that, Life extinguished the cavalry she had created, untied
her hair, and opened her closed crimson eyes. Then, with leg power so strong
that it distorted the space, she rapidly approached Isis and brandished her
fist.

[...Kuhh!]

Isis immediately created a huge ice shield to receive Life’s fist, but Life’s
physical strength is on another level, blowing her shield away. Even so, she
managed to regain her stance in midair and glared at Life with strong will in
her eyes.

[...Strong power... Did you... get serious?]

[...I didn’t want to. Physical combat is barbaric, vulgar and my least favorite
way to fight... If it’s possible, I’d rather not do this. But if it’s for
Shallow Vernal-sama’s sake, I will not hesitate to use this!]

Yes, the true nature of the God of Life, Life... was that she was a God who
specializes in physical combat. With her inexhaustible endurance, the best way
of battling she had was pulverizing her opponents with strikes. However, since
she loathes physical battles and considers the act barbaric, she usually creates
soldiers to do the fighting. Seeing Shallow Vernal being punched away though,
she gave up her fixation and got serious, intending to get rid of Isis quickly.

[...In that case... I suppose... I should also... get serious.]

[...What did you say...]

However, for Kuromueina’s sake, Isis also couldn’t afford to let Life pass. With
her words, the bluish white magic power she had been clad earlier became
murkier, transforming into an ominous black as she created a huge magic circle.

[...Snowfield of Death.]

[This is?! a Large-Scale Spatial Barrier...]

With the invocation of Isis’ magic, the scenery around them drastically changed.
A snowfield, covering the world in snow... “black snow” where not even a single
tree can grow...

The Large-Scale Spatial Barrier... After witnessing the highest level of Great
Magic being casted, a magic that drags the opponent into a space created by a
caster, Life became even more vigilant as she started to quickly think.

(Even though the ground is white as snow, the snow descending from the skies was
black... It doesn’t seem like a space created with that sinister magic power of
hers would be anything good. If it’s possible, I would have liked to just crush
this space... but it seems like that would be difficult.)

As opposed to Life, who specializes in melee combat, Isis specializes in magical
combat. Being the greatest in the world when it comes to magic techniques, even
a Supreme God like Life would take a long time to release herself from this
space. And currently, she had no time to waste. That being the case, the most
logical way for her was to defeat the caster and forcibly cancel out the space.
Having chosen such a means, Life kicked off the ground without hesitation and
headed for Isis. On the way towards her, some black snow touched Life, but it
doesn’t seem to have any effect on her. However, when she was only a few steps
away from Isis, Life suddenly lost her footing.

[Wha?! This is...my legs...]

[...Descending from the skies... are the snow of death... If your hand touches
them, your hand dies... If your foot touches them, your foot dies... However...
for you to touch a large amount of snow... for the effect to finally appear... I
suppose that’s to be expected... from a Supreme God.]

[Kuhh, this is...]

Yes. The black snow that descends in this space is created by the magic power of
death. The magic power of death in these snow was extremely compressed and
dense, that it was effective even to powerful people like Life. Because of it’s
high-density compression, the area that can be killed by a single snowflake is
small. However, if the snow kills a part of your body, you wouldn’t be able to
move and there wouldn’t be anything after that. The hailing snow of death hails
them to their death. And with increased vigor, the black snow began swallowing
up Life’s body.

[...This is... the end.]

Seeing Life engulfed in black snow, Isis was confident of her victory and was
about to deactivate the space... but the pulse of magic power that she felt
immediately afterwards made her stop.

[...Let me correct your one misunderstanding.]

[...How... come...]

In front of the astonished Isis, Life stood up and brushed away the black snow
on her body.

[You’re not fighting just a mere creature, you’re fighting a “God”. I govern
life itself, and there’s no one in this world who could kill me, except Shallow
Vernal-sama.]

Yes, Life... is immortal. The concept of death doesn’t exist for she who is the
God of Life. Even if a part of her body were to be killed, the person herself
could never be killed. Even the parts of her body that have been killed will
also be resurrected in just a short time due to her authority over life.

[?!]

[...Well then, I don’t have much time to waste, so let’s continue.]

In response to Life raising her stance, Isis also prepared a number of magic
circles around her. The battle between Isis, the Specter clad in death and
brings all creations to their death, and Life, the immortal God who has an
indestructible body and infinite regenerative ability became increasingly fierce
within the isolated space.

---

[...Was it a hit or a miss?]

[Unnn? Is something the matter?]

Fate muttered as she stopped her hand when she saw Shallow Vernal being punched
away, and Shalltear tilted her head. Fate slowly gets off of the cushion she was
on and quietly closes her eyes.

[I thought Shallow Vernal-sama would finally take care of everything but... The
situation has changed. I can’t leave any stone unturned.]

[...Ahh~ That looks dangerou—Gaahhh?!]

Seeing Fate muttering in a low voice, Shalltear, who sensed the unusual
atmosphere around her, immediately tried to distance herself from her, but in
the next moment, she was blown away with a strong impact. Towards Shalltear, who
regained her posture in mid air and landed, Fate turned her “eyes that had
turned golden” towards Shalltear.

[...Let me tell you one thing. If you’re looking for a frontal, no-tricks fist
fight, the God of Time and Space is the strongest... But in terms of combat
power, including all abilities, I’m the “strongest of the Supreme Gods”.]

[...That might be so. Even your attack just now, I thought I had dodged it
but...]

[It’s no use. Now that I’m serious, your fate is sealed. Your attacks will not
hit me, and you will not be able to evade my attacks.]

[...That’s a scary power. I guess those eyes of yours were “the eyes who see
fate” huh...]

Fate, whose eyes became golden... showing her seriousness, can tamper with not
only the fate of the present, but also the fate of the future. In other words,
Fate can sense Shalltear’s future. Where they will attack, and where to aim so
that her attack will never be evaded... She can sense all of it, and make use of
it to see the path to defeating Shalltear in the shortest possible time.
Moreover, that isn’t all. As Shalltear brought forth a magic circle in one hand
to counterattack, the magic circle broke like glass.

[Uweehh?!]

[...There’s no way you’d be able to invoke spells. The area within the reaches
of my Authority of Fate is my domain. As long as you’re within the territory I
rule, spells will never be activated without my permission. And within the range
of my Authority, “there’s no one in the world”... who’d be able to escape from
me. Now then, I suppose it’s time to end this.]

[...The heck is with this God’s scale of attack... She trying to destroy the
entire God Realm or something?!]

With Fate’s nonchalant words... shining crystals appeared around the God’s body,
dyeing the God Realm in red. Thereupon, a rain of destruction... a multitude of
meteorites began raining down on the God Realm.

[The Gods won’t be harmed by my attack... That’s what “I have decided after
all”. As for the damage to the God Realm, God of Life can just repair them
later.]

[...Ahh, geez, it’s really tough having a serious God as an opponent.]

While watching Fate’s overwhelming authority over everything within her domain,
Shalltear’s expression didn’t turn grim at all.

[...We’ve already expected that you’re the strongest Supreme God... That’s the
reason why I’m here.]

[You thought you could beat me? You’re really a clown... Such a future is—Eh?]

[Can you keep this a secret... After all, this is a “magic that doesn’t exist in
this world”...]

Seeing the twisted smile on Shalltear’s face, Fate was shaken for the first
time. She should have been looking at Shalltear’s fate in the future, but now,
that has changed.

(What is this? Her fate changed? No, even so, for fate to strangely change this
way... It’s as if she has become a “different being”... No, that’s not it.
There’s something else inside her?!)

Shalltear’s fate, which should have been visible to her eyes just a moment ago,
changed at a tremendous speed, and not only that, but an unseen power is
overflowing from Shalltear’s body.

[...Weave my bonds... _&lt;Hekatonkheires&gt;_]

[Wha?! What... is that... There should be no way... magic can be activated under
my domain...]

[Yeah, you did say everything in this world was under your rule, but what about
“powers from another world? This is something from the world where I came from.
A world making use of the heart itself as a weapon... Now then, my trump card,
the bonds I’ve built up... Savor it to the fullest!]

[?!]

Against the God of Fate, who had released her full strength, Shalltear also
summoned her trump card. The girl, who was once called a hero in a world that
isn’t here, has released her true blade...

As a multitude of meteorites began appearing in the skies of the God Realm, they
are also being destroyed one after another. Feeling the battle intensifying,
Megiddo brandished their blazing arm.

[Even that Shalltear got quite the spectacular battle over there! Ahh, d*mn it!
I’m envious! Is there no one with a spine over here?!]

“Don’t provoke them, Megiddo! We’re already at a—Mhmm?!”

Still frustrated that they couldn’t fight a Supreme God, Megiddo swung their
fist in the air, to which crimson hellflares shot out from it, threatening to
scorch the high-ranking Gods... but suddenly, it was sliced in half.

“...Cutting apart the magic technique itself? Moreover, this magic power...”

As Lillywood became even more vigilant, a silhouette stepped forward among the
group of Gods in front of them. She’s small in stature with white hair and green
eyes... and held in her hand is a scythe that is well over her height.

[H-Hahaha! Oi, the heck is this... so there really is one! So amazing
high-ranking Gods does exist!!!]

Seeing her, Megiddo shouted with happiness. Yes, the girl in front of her is
clearly on a different level compared to the other high-ranking Gods. The
atmosphere around her, the magic power she was clad in... Megiddo could tell
she’s a strong person that isn’t inferior to the Supreme Gods.

[What kind of God are you?]

[...God of Disasters. As for my name... I see no need to name myself for a
person I’m about to exterminate.]

[K-Kukuku... I know what you mean. You’re strong. You’re seriously the strongest
among them! Magnawell! Lillywood! Don’t interfere. I’ll fight her myself!]

The girl who called herself the God of Disasters is the most powerful being in
the God Realm after the Supreme Gods. So to speak, she’s the God Realm’s 5th
strongest. With such an opponent in front of them, there’s no way Megiddo, who
had been frustrated not being able to fight a Supreme God, wouldn’t be
delighted.

As the flames overflowing from their body turned black, Megiddo fiercely smiled.

“...Good grief. The burden on us will increase, but I suppose it can’t be
helped...”

“Yes, she’s probably someone comparable to the Supreme Gods... She’s someone we
can’t avoid fighting.”

Like Megiddo, Magnawell and Lillywood, who sense the God of Disasters’ strength,
also agreed to let Megiddo fight the God of Disasters, and preparing to deal
with the other high-ranking Gods, they sharpened their magic power. At the same
time, the God of Disasters seems to have recognized Megiddo isn’t a simple
opponent, as while she’s holding her scythe, she gave instructions to the other
high-ranking Gods.

[...I’ll take care of that gorilla. You guys get rid of that lizard and Spirit.]

Saying those few words, the God of Disasters approached Megiddo with tremendous
speed. As Megiddo responded by swinging their fist with a smile on their face, a
huge fist and a scythe collided with each other.

---

Unlike the Supreme Gods, who were having a tense battle, the battle between
Kuromueina and Shallow Vernal was one-sided. Within the jet-black space created
by Kuromueina, Shallow Vernal received fist after fit swung down one after
another, and was blown away like the leaf of a tree, dancing in a storm, but
there was still no change in her expression.

The damage certainly seems like it was being dealt, but Shallow Vernal didn’t
resist, and was simply being beaten by Kuromueina.

[...I don’t understand. Why don’t you just use “that magic”? You would have
already finished this if you use that, right?]

Hearing the words Shallow Vernal told her without any inflection in her tone,
Kuromueina changes into her true form... which had the same appearance as
Shallow Vernal’s, her most powerful form.

[...It’s because I’m not here to kill you. I’m just irritated by you, so I came
to punch you in the face.]

[Why?]

[Why don’t you think about it yourself?]

[I don’t see the point in thinking about it. If you don’t want me, get rid of
me, if you don’t want the world, destroy it. I’ve given you that much power.]

[...?!]

Hearing Shallow Vernal’s words which told her that so matter-of-factly,
Kuromueina clearly became more irritated.

[I should just destroy the world? That kind of thing isn’t for you to decide!!!
Sure, you built this world, but this world belongs to the children who live in
it! You who just made it and never got involved with it, you who have done
nothing aren’t qualified to make those kinds of decisions!!!]

[I see.]

[In the first place, you know what I’m most annoyed with?! It’s that you threw
all the decisions to me alone and didn’t think about it yourself! You, you who
built this world, I ask you, what do you even want for this world?! What do you
wish for this world to become?! What even is this world for you... Can’t you
just think at least that much!!?!]

[It’s better since it’s you who will be deciding that. You are me. Your decision
is also mine.]

[Stop! Messing! Around!!!]

[?!]

Kuromueina’s fist catches Shallow Vernal in the face, and Shallow Vernal’s body
was greatly sent flying. Looking at Shallow Vernal, Kuromueina angrily glares at
her and bellows.

[That’s just running away from responsibility... It’s true that you and I were
originally one... But we’ve seen different things, we think differently, and we
have different ways of connecting with the world! I love this world, I love this
beautiful world you’ve created and I want to live with it!]

[.........]

[But what about you?! You built this world, didn’t you?! Then take
responsibility and get connected with the world, stop running away and decide
for yourself!!! Don’t just selfishly think that it’s over!!! At least, on
feelings... Can you not rely on me and think about it yourself!!!]

[.............]

A cry from someone who was once the same being as you, a scolding from her own
self who lived with the world and grew to love it. Hearing that, Shallow Vernal
said nothing, remained silent and stared at Kuromueina... and without a change
in her expression, she punched Kuromueina away.

[Guh?!]

[.......]

[...That’s the first time you fought back? Why?]

[...I wonder why? I guess... I just didn’t want to lose?]

[What the... so you really got a heart...]

[...How inexplicable. For some reason, my thoughts are being swayed... It’s not
rational at all.]

Staring curiously at the fist she swung, Shallow Vernal slowly looked at
Kuromueina. Seeing Shallow Vernal like that, Kuromueina smiles somewhat happily
and holds up her fist.

[Then, let’s have a fight, shall we? If we do that, we may learn something.]

[...Let’s do that then... Let’s ascertain if what you said is right, whether I
got my own heart and my own emotions.]

With those words, Kuromueina and Shallow Vernal’s fists clashed. The girls, who
were originally one entity, nullifying each other’s abilities, so the fight
becomes a pure fistfight. Shallow Vernal, swinging her fists with such power
that each strike could even bring the end of the world, and yet, for her first
time fighting... She’s somehow enjoying it.

After some unknown time beating each other up, Kuromueina and Shallow Vernal
fell on their backs in the jet black space simultaneously.

[...Uhhyyiii... I’m frazzled...]

[...I’m tired.]

Kuromueina, who was heavily breathing and mutters that she’s tired, and Shallow
Vernal replies with an agreement in a voice without any intonation.

[...So, how’s that? Do you know now if you have a heart or not?]

[...Yes. As for emotions, I still don’t have a clear understanding of them yet.
However, I’ve understood that I too have a heart. How should I describe it...
It’s terribly unclear and not rational.]

[Of course it is... However, do you think it’s unnecessary?]

[No, let’s see... It certainly isn’t rational, but I see... It isn’t exactly
that bad.]

Although she replied with an indifferent tone, Shallow Vernal’s words were
softer than before and showed a tinge of emotion. The heart... that she had
always thought of something she didn’t have, something she didn’t need, finding
that heart changed Shallow Vernal’s thinking.

[...I will think about it. What do I think about my world, what I wish for the
world... Those things are my responsibility as the one who made the world...
right?]

[That’s what I’m talking about. Well, Shiro feels like you’re hardheaded, so if
you ever need help, I’m here to help you.]

Kuromueina nodded with satisfaction at Shallow Vernal’s words, telling her that
she would see the world from now on.

[...Shiro?]

[Yes, you’re Shallow Vernal after all, so Shiro! Ah, you can also call me Kuro.]

[Kuro, Shiro... Aren’t those shortened names quite simple?]

[Shaddup!]

They exchange words so calmly that it’s hard to believe that they were beating
each other up just a moment ago,and then, both of them get up without a second
thought. Kuro’s appearance changes to the appearance of a young girl, and in
response, the jet-black space disappears and the lands of the God Realm
reappears.

They should have been fighting for quite a long time, but the jet-black space
flows in a different stream of time, so they almost went back to the God Realm
right after Shallow Vernal was punched away. And also, whether it’s the Divine
Gate, the wounded Gods or the lands of the God Realm... Along with the Demon
invaders, everything went back to how it was before through Shallow Vernal’s
power.

Shallow Vernal’s words announcing the end of the battle echoed in the God Realm,
and the Demons who originally intended to see Kuromueina off quickly put down
their weapons.

And with this battle, there were those who have changed.

[...Even in your dreams, don’t you dare forget about this day. I’ll definitely
settle things with you later. I’ll make it clear to you who exactly is better.]

[I don’t mind. However, don’t think that you can ever hope to defeat the
attendant that I am. If it’s for their master’s sake, attendants are beings who
would transcend space or time. There’s no way a being such as I would lose to a
God who merely governs space and time.]

[...What in the world is with that incomprehensible theory of yours...]

Chronois and Ein became rivals after this battle, and even though they clashed
against each other every time they met... The two of them had somewhat
acknowledged each other.

[...I personally don’t want to have to fight with such a sinister opponent as
you again. Prancing around, spreading death everywhere, there’s a limit to how
unrefined you can be. How about going through a name change and call yourself
Death Bringer instead?]

[...Shut up... Useless meat.]

[U-Useless meat?! Y-You...]

Life and Isis were like cats and dogs... Though they became like sisters who
quarrel with each other for this and that, and even though they call each other
Death Bringer and Useless Meat, they have started to send each other letters.

[...Hey, tell me your name.]

[Me? I call myself Shalltear now.]

[I see, you’re Shall-tan then! I’m Fate, nice to meet you... Anyway, Shall-tan.]

[What is it?]

[Now that the battle is over, I have some delicious cookies with me, so how
about some leisurely tea time?]

[I will always be good for a treat!]

Both Fate and Shalltear originally had lax personalities, and even though they
had just battled, they enjoyed tea with each other and hung out frequently
afterwards... becoming something like best friends.

[Well~~ You really are strong! That was a great fight! Let’s do this again!]

[...I don’t want to see you again, sh*tty gorilla.]

Even though the God of Disasters cursed them, Megiddo and her share similar
tastes in food and became friends after that, but that’s another story...

The war that was known to the world as the war between the God Realm and the
Demon Realm... The battle between the Demons that would be known as the Six
Kings and the Gods... ended in a draw... and came to an end in the form of
reconciliation.

Ending with the God of Creation, Shallow Vernal, definitely possessing something
called a heart...

---

[...It’s the first time I’ve ever been tired.]

After Kuromueina and the other Demons returned, and after telling Chronois and
the others that it was a draw, Shallow Vernal stood in her floating garden, and
as she gazed at the world, she said. As she quietly stared at the world she had
created, which she hadn’t seen before, gazing upon the past, present, and
future, a single scene suddenly caught Shallow Vernal’s eyes.

Looking straight at her with powerful eyes was a human male with light brown
hair...

[...I wonder who that is? Isn’t that species from “that God’s” world... they
should be called humans, right? Would I be standing before this... human? Will
that future ever come? ...The future is quite uncertain, although this isn’t
always the case...]

As she mutters this, a small smile appears on Shallow Vernal’s mouth.

[...I wonder who you are? I don’t even know your name yet, and your appearance
looks blurry to my eyes. I still don’t know whether you’re a life born in this
world or in a different one. However, how mysterious it is. I have this
premonition... that you’re someone indispensable to me... I have a feeling that
you will become my “singularity”...]

That scene she was looking at was replaced by reality, and in the end, the
answer she kept thinking about but couldn’t figure out... What does she think
about the world, and what does she wish for the world... It wasn’t until after
20,000 years passed... that the human youth could tell her the answer to that
question...
