---
toc: true
---

# Prologue

The 29th day of the Tree month. The door of the general store, which I should be
used to visiting, feels extremely heavy today.

I’ve got my date with Kuro tomorrow, and following what Alice told me before, I
went to her shop but... I wonder what the heck is about to happen? Alice told me
it’s really important... Moreover, the expression on her face when she said that
was serious. The fact that Alice, who would immediately mess around when the
situation looked serious and leaving still with that tense expression on her
face... That shows how important this is.

Feeling unspeakable anxiety, I slowly opened the door, feeling the cold sweat
running down my back. Alice was quietly sitting at the counter of her
miscellaneous goods store, as if the usual noisy atmosphere around her were a
lie.

[...Alice.]

With my voice slightly quivering, calling out Alice’s name... but I received no
answer.

[...Alice?]

[...Munya...]

[..........]

...This goddamn girl. You’re calling people here, why the heck are you traveling
to Dreamland. I was wondering what I was so nervous about earlier... but I felt
like I would lose if I just kept worrying about it.

However, what’s going on... She looks comfortable sleeping, and I don’t feel
comfortable interrupting her sleep...

[...Umyuu... Kaito-san... you perv—Fugyaaahhhh?!]

[Get up already!!!]

I felt like my honor was being tarnished in this woman’s dream, so I hit her as
fast as I could. After receiving my falcon knuckle strike at her head, Alice let
out a scream and turned her gaze towards me while holding her head down.

[That hurts, Kaito-san! Couldn’t you please wake me up more gently?! There are
lots of other ways, right?! How about a morning kiss instead?!]

[...Want to get another one?]

[Ah, no, I’m lying! I’m sorry, I’m awake already!]

I feel like all the nervousness I felt about this situation disappears at the
same time, and I let out a sigh as Alice gets up. Seriously, I don’t know if
it’s in a good way or in a bad way, but she’s always betraying my
expectations...

Seeing the dumbfounded expression on my face, Alice smiles, and getting up from
her chair near the counter, she slowly walks over to me. The atmosphere she was
clad in now completely changed from the loose atmosphere she had earlier to a
cold one that sends shivers down my spine, though I could also feel some warmth
in her expression.

[...Kaito-san. Let me confirm one thing.]

[...Y-Yeah.]

[Tomorrow, Kaito-san... Are you planning to “tell Kuro-san your feelings”?]

[?!]

Even as she asked me with a calm and gentle voice, my heart greatly leaped. Her
words seemed to see through all of my thoughts... and the answer was
inadvertently stuck in my throat. After I returned from Isis-san’s castle, I
seriously thought about my future. And after the Festival of Heroes ends, as for
how I’m going to act, I need to make my own answer... and that’s why I made up
my mind.

To her who I’ve spoken most to compared to anyone else since I came into this
world, and she, who before I knew it, has become the most important part of my
life... My benefactor who pulled me out of my shell and affirmed my feelings
when I was full of contradiction. The most dazzling “treasure”... that I... have
found since I came to this world... I’m ready to tell Kuro about these feelings,
so I gathered up my courage and asked Kuro out on a date. Yes, it’s as Alice
said... In tomorrow’s date, I plan to confess to Kuro.

Reaffirming my feelings and determination in my head, I felt refreshed. As Alice
quietly waited for me, I looked straight at Alice and nodded my head.

[...Unnn. I don’t know what the outcome will be, but I’m going to tell her.]

[...Is that so...]

When Alice heard my words, she smiled and nodded... and after a moment, she
looked up, the smile on her lips disappeared.

[...I’m glad my preparations weren’t in vain.]

[...Preparations?]

[Yes, for the time being, let’s change locations. Everyone’s waiting for us.]

[Everyone?]

Approaching me, who tilted my head in response to her, Alice gently touches my
body. Immediately after that, the scenery blurred and as if the surrounding was
engulfed in static, a slight breeze caressed my cheek, probably due to the fact
that I had moved from indoors to outdoors.
