---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 3: Everyday Life with my Beloved Lover

As I was dozingly waking up from my sleep... but I stiffened.

Something’s strange... There’s something different compared to the previous
times I’ve woken up... I mean, why is Kuro clinging on to my clothes while
sleeping with me?!

W-Wait a moment, let’s get the situation straight. I told Kuro how I felt about
her last night, and we became lovers. Until that point, I was really happy. The
problem is that after that long talk, I found Kuro, who should have gone home,
was under my covers when I woke up in the morning... It just doesn’t make any
sense.

Kuro is sleeping peacefully while clinging on to my clothes but... Doesn’t she
look a bit too cute while sleeping? Along with her originally cherubic face, she
looks so cute while sleeping that she looks like a fairy, and moreover, what
she’s wearing is only what seems to over-sized t-shirt. Her bare thighs peeking
out of the oversized shirt are very beautiful, and if I have to be clear about
it... She’s totally in my strike zone.

She looks really cute and defenseless, turning my rational mind on the verge of
breaking down in an instant. W-Would it be alright... if I touch it for a bit? I
mean, we’re already lovers and Kuro’s so cute... No, no, wait right there! Even
if we’re lovers, that’s something you can’t do without the consent of the other
person! You must still keep your manners especially to those who you are close
with, so chill out, will you?!

[...K-Kuro, errr, it’s morning already...]

[...Unnyyuuuu... F-“Five months” more...]

[Isn’t that too long?!]

As if she’s feeling ticklish, Kuro moves her body and says that while
half-asleep... Or rather, 5 months... Are you sure you’re not talking about 5
minutes? Perhaps, it’s just me who finds 5 months too long as a human being...

Gently shaking Kuro’s body again, she slowly turns to me, her eyes half-opened.

[...Nyaahhh? ...Ahh\~\~ It’s Kaito-kun\~\~]

[?!]

Looking completely sleep-deprived and making mushy comments as she sluggishly
directed her eyes towards me, Kuro reached out to me. When I didn’t immediately
understand the intent of her action and didn’t react, Kuro’s hand slithered
around my neck and pulled me in with a force that was completely impossible to
resist.

[Chyuuu...]

[Hnnn?!]

[Whamfff... Chuuuu... Nchyuuu...]

[ ~ ~ ?!?! ]

Kuro’s lips met mine, and she continued to kiss me again and again.

![Insert 2](../../_Images/v06/Insert2.jpg#.insert)

One minute, she’s nibbling on my upper lip as if she’s play-biting it, but the
next moment, I felt her soft tongue enter my mouth. A sensation so sweet, so
soft, filling me with so much happiness that it almost feels like I’m going to
melt from within the core of my head, takes over my entire body from my lips and
my face turns red as if I’m about to explode.

As I lost myself in the momentary, yet seemingly eternal act that feels so
sensual that it throws off my sense of time, Kuro’s half-open eyes gradually
opened and she slowly pulled away from me. I felt that it’s quite a shame when
our lips parted ways, but I think it can’t be helped... I’m a young man too, and
I can’t resist it if I’m being kissed by someone I love.

[...Arehh? Kaito-kun? Good morning\~\~]

[G-G-G-Good morning?!]

[Hmm? Arehh, you somehow look really happy...]

[I-I-Is that so? I-I-I don’t r-r-really know what you’re talking about...]

Kuro seemed to be fully awake and as she cutely tilted her head at me, but just
seeing her do that made me quite agitated. It’s not that I have done anything
wrong, but I can’t calm down at all... H-How should I say this, it makes me
realize once again how low my relationship experience is. Also, Kuro, stop
tilting your head in that baggy shirt... They’re going to slip off your
shoulder...

Anyway, I decided to change the subject, though somewhat forcefully, because I
knew it wouldn’t be good to continue like this.

[R-Rather than that... Kuro, are you bad with mornings?]

[Hmm~ It’s been a while since I slept, so I don’t really know.]

Come to think of it, I think I heard something like this before... It seems that
for a high-ranking Demon like Kuro, eating and sleeping isn’t a necessity, but
rather, a hobby.

[It’s been a while, you say, since when have you last slept?]

[Hmmm... I think this should be the first time in 6000 years?]

As expected of a Demon that’s at least 20,000 years old... She’s really on a
different level.

[Kaito-kun’s arm feels so warm and makes me feel so happy... so without
realizing it, I fell asleep\~\~]

[............]

Why are you blushing while saying those kinds of lines?! Could you please cut
that out?! My reasoning is about to be obliterated here, you know?! I’m already
pretty close to death, you know?! Feeling embarrassed and itchy as if my head
was about to let out steam, Kuro clapped her hands as if she suddenly remembered
something.

[That’s right! We’re going to have our date today, right?!]

[Eh? Ahh, unnn.]

[I have to go home and get dressed up! I’ll be back in a moment!]

[R-Roger that.]

Kuro hurriedly announced that she would return once to get ready for our date,
and I thought she was going to go home... but just as she activated her
Teleportation Magic, she erased the magic circle and turned to me with a smile.

[I almost forgot...]

[Unnn?]

[Kaito-kun, Kaito-kun, get close a bit more.]

[What is it?]

Leaning my head close to Kuro, who beckoned me to come up to her, she grabbed my
clothes and raised her small body by leaning on her toes, putting her lips on my
cheek.

[...Eh?]

[I still didn’t give you my good morning kiss yet.]

No, you just don’t remember it, but you did it a while ago. However, such
comments didn’t come out of my mouth as I looked at Kuro’s shy, bashful smile,
just feeling the heat gather on my face.

[Well then, I’ll see you later!]

[...Y-Yeah.]

Thereupon, Kuro cutely waved her hand and left with a really happy smile. Seeing
her leave, I just blankly stared at where she disappeared, putting my hand on
the cheek she kissed.

---

We’re going to have to meet up with each other again to start our date, so I
came to the fountain plaza where I met up with Kuro. Come to think of it, this
is where I first met Kuro... At that time, I felt really confused about suddenly
being brought to another world, so I never thought I would have any room in my
heart. However, I’ve made progress with Kuro, and we’re now lovers... We’re
now... lovers...

Wait a second here. Clearly thinking about it, doesn’t that mean this is our
first date since we started dating? Eh? W-What should I do... W-We are lovers
now, so it really should be different from the last time we went on a date,
right? However, what the heck am I supposed to do today?

It feels miserable for me to say this, but I’m a virgin, and I obviously never
dated a girl before. That means Kuro is my first girlfriend... B-But what do
lovers exactly do? Or rather, what in the heck does being lovers mean?! T-This
is bad, I’m getting absurdly nervous here... H-How am I supposed to talk to Kuro
now? I-I’m the guy, so I really should be properly taking the lead huh? However,
she’s much older than me and she knows this world inside and out. Is there
anything for me to lead her to?

I-I did think about a date course, but would this really be okay? Would Kuro
enjoy it? I’m starting to get absurdly anxious here... All the riajuus of the
world, I’m sorry that I kept on thinking you all should explode, but can’t you
at least give me some hint?!

With a renewed awareness of the fact that we are lovers, I took a deep breath in
an attempt to calm myself down, as I’m gradually getting more nervous. But
unfortunately, my nervousness didn’t stop the flow of time and the situation
didn’t wait for me to calm down.

[Kaito-kun! Sorry to keep you waiting\~\~]

Turning my head to her voice... I see an angel descend. Along with a frilly
tunic that makes her more feminine than usual, Kuro is wearing her trademark
sleeveless black jacket that she’s usually wearing in public but... S-She’s even
wearing a skirt...

Yes, instead of her usual half-pants style, Kuro is wearing a pleated skirt,
which is much more girlish, making Kuro who is already bizarrely cute, even more
dazzling. Unable to take my eyes off her, I stared at Kuro as I felt my heart
greatly leaping, and I was only able to open my mouth after she’s in front of
me.

[...N-No, I just got here too... also, errr, your clothes.]

[I tried wearing something a little different today... Does it look weird on
me?]

[I-I think it looks good on you... You l-look cute.]

[Ahh... Ehehe, thanks! Kaito-kun always looks cool... but you look cooler than
before!]

[A-Ahhh, thanks.]

Our exchange of compliments to each other makes me feel incredibly itchy and I
can’t calm down at all. T-This is what a real date is huh... A-Am I going to be
alright? I finally have my first girlfriend, and today is our first date since
we became lovers... is how it was supposed to be, but I feel so nervous, it
feels like my mouth isn’t working properly, my heart is racing, and I can’t calm
down at all. Or rather, can’t you please answer me instead—What do lovers do on
their date?!

[Ehehe, a date with Kaito-kun...]

With a happy smile on her face, Kuro is snugly holding my arm. Yes, it’s not
just something like we’re holding hands, she’s literally hugging my arm... So it
was inevitable that Kuro’s small but certainly swelling twin hills were pressed
against me, making my heart beat unreasonably fast.

[Kaito-kun? Could it be that you’re nervous?]

[Eh? Ahh, yeah... I-I’ve never had a girlfriend before... errr, so I was
thinking what I should do.]

I told Kuro, who apparently thought I was nervous, about how I honestly feel. Of
course, I’m also nervous because I can feel the softness of her breasts in my
arm, but I’m even more nervous about our date itself. I’ve been so nervous about
having her as my new girlfriend that I feel like the date plan that I had
originally made was slipping out of my mind.

[...I was wondering what kind of things we should do now that we’re lovers...]

[Kaito-kun was also my first lover, so I honestly don’t know.]

Hearing my words, Kuro had a bashful smile on her face, and while still hugging
my arm... she spontaneously intertwined her fingers with mine.

[...However. I think something like this is already fine with me.]

[...Eh?]

[Being together with Kaito-kun makes me really happy. What about you,
Kaito-kun?]

[I’m also... Yes. I’m happy.]

Nodding to Kuro, who was giving me a gentle, embracing look and spoke to me with
a charming smile that seemed to suck me in, making me blush a bit. When I’m with
Kuro, I feel calm and at ease, but I also get nervous seeing her cute and
vulnerable gestures. She’s boisterous and warm, and whenever I turn to her and
see Kuro’s smile... I feel relieved. Perhaps, no, I’m sure... This is the
feeling of happiness.

[I’m sure that it will be alright. There certainly may be lots of things we
don’t know and we don’t understand because it’s our first time. However, that’s
just because “we don’t know yet”.]

[...Unnn.]

[Then, let’s just hang out like this, talk about all sorts of stuff, laugh
together... and learn a little bit more together... Okay?]

[Yeah.]

Somehow,even after we ended up being lovers, I still couldn’t compete with Kuro.
However, I don’t feel uncomfortable about it, and in fact, it greatly fills me
with happiness. When I thought she was innocently fawning on me, she sensed my
anxiety and would gently push my back forward. She seems childish, yet mature,
innocent, yet I could feel her deep and soft affection. I think that’s what is
most attractive about Kuro.

Yep. Let’s just stop thinking about stuff too much. For now, I’m going to enjoy
these happy moments to the fullest...

[Alright! Well then, how about we depart?]

[Unnn!]

When I squeezed Kuro’s hand back a little tighter, she responded with a big
smile, as warm as the sun, with her cheeks blushing red.

Bringing Kuro, who likes to eat sweet stuff while walking, not towards the
street filled with carts lined up, but to a slightly trendy street with several
confectionaries and restaurants. It’s a street that Sieg-san had told me about
before, and I thought this would be a good place to go out with Kuro.

[Fuwaaahhh... Kaito-kun, look, look! That one is really tasty!]

[...It looks kind of unusual though, I wonder what that is?]

[It’s that, you know? Thin layers of candy were being piled up together. It
tastes really great and melts on the mouth.]

[Heehhhh\~\~]

When I entered the small candy shop, I saw Kuro, who has a sweet tooth, pull my
arm along as her eyes sparkled and began looking inside. The candy that Kuro
told me was translucent and wave-shaped, and seemed to be thin pieces of candy.
In addition to that pile of sweets, all the pastries in the store look colorful
and delicious.

[However, if it’s Kuro, I guess it isn’t that rare for you to see them huh?]

[That’s not the case. Even though I know of this place, I’m having fun looking
at them like this... And since I’m together with you, Kaito-kun, they look a lot
tastier than usual.]

Although Kuro seemed to know a lot of things, it feels like a fresh experience
for her and she’s really enjoying it, as she really looks like she’s having fun
while looking at every sweets with a smile on her face. With Kuro’s assets, it’s
easy for her to buy all the products in the store, but if she does that, other
customers won’t be able to eat them, so Kuro ended up only buying the sweets she
liked first.

[Ahh, Kuro, I’ll pay for it.]

[Eh? But I probably have a lot more money than...]

[But still, errr, w-we’re on a date, and as a man, I want to at least look
better... A-Anyway, I’ll pay for this one.]

[Ahh, unnn!]

She looked confused when I offered to pay back in the Red Bear Sandwich shop
before, but she seemed to have understood my intentions today, and agreed with a
bright smile on her face. After we bought some candy and left the store, with a
smile on her face, Kuro took out a candy from her bag and held it out to me.

[Here, Kaito-kun. I’ll feed you some.]

[Eh?! W-Wait... Kuro?]

[Here, quickly, ahhn.]

[...Errr, a-ahhn.]

Not being able to refuse Kuro, who was offering me sweets with a happy smile on
her face, I had the pleasure and embarrassment of being fed sweets by a little
girl in the middle of a public street. I clearly felt Kuro’s soft fingers in my
mouth, the sweetness of the candy and the feeling of her fingers on my lips.

As I felt the heat rise up on my face again, I don’t know if I should have
expected this or not, as Kuro looked at me expectantly and opened her mouth.

[Ahhn.]

[.......]

No matter how I think about it, she looks like she also wants me to feed her. As
expected, even someone like me could understand that much. H-How should I say
this, to be honest, rather than having her feed me... I’m feeling more nervous
feeding her instead...

Feeling my hands slightly trembling and the sound of my gulp being awfully loud,
I take a candy out of the bag and bring it to Kuro’s small mouth.

[Whaum.]

[?!]

And then, Kuro ate it far more vigorously than I thought she would, as I felt my
fingers, all the way to the first joint, go inside Kuro’s mouth. Feeling the
moist, yet warm sensation on my fingertips, I felt shivers spread from my
fingertips to my entire body... Feeling that so-called hair-raising experience,
I slowly tried to pull my finger out of Kuro’s mouth.

[Hnnn.]

[ ~ ~ ?! ]

The moment my finger leaves her mouth, Kuro gives my fingertips one final lick,
as if she didn’t want my fingers to leave her mouth. Feeling as if I had just
been struck on my head with a hammer, I turned to Kuro with a face that looked
like it was about to release steam, only to see her looking slightly embarrassed
as her cheeks were dyed red while she stared into my eyes.

[...It tastes better than when I eat them myself.]

[I-I-Is that so...]

[We still have lots here, so let’s take turns feeding each other!]

[..........]

We still have lots there?! Is that so... I-Indeed, they look small individually,
and we bought quite an amount... so if I’m going to roughly estimate it, there
were still at least 10 candies in the bag. This means that I’ll still have to
experience this heavenly feeling and hellish embarrassment at least five times
from now on...

Most importantly, Kuro may have a Recognition Inhibition Magic, but I don’t have
it... And we’re doing this in a pretty big and busy street... Eh? What the heck
is this shame play?

Escaping from the situation where I was being subjected to a very sweet, yet
one-sided shame play, I continued eating with Kuro. I’ve been thinking about
various plans for today, but I figured if I was going to go out with Kuro, it
would be better if we don’t go to a formal restaurant, and instead, we could
have fun together when we go eating while walking around street stalls.

[Ahh, Kaito-kun. Look, they’re selling “impact fruits” over there.]

[What the heck is with that dangerous sounding name...]

Hearing the name of something that sounds like it would attack me with
shockwaves if I touch it, I looked at the one Kuro was pointing at, and there
was a beautiful blue circular fruit being sold. Around the stall selling this
impact fruit, people who seemed to be customers were swinging hammers at the
impact fruit... What the heck are they doing, that’s scary.

[It’s a very hard fruit, but the stronger the strike you deal towards it, the
more tender and tasty it becomes.]

[Heehhh\~\~ I see. So that’s why everyone is hitting it with a hammer huh.]

In short, it seems to be a fruit that you can eat if you “give” it “impact”. I
don’t know if I should say that it’s to be expected from another world or not
but, that’s an interesting food. I was a little curious, so I tried buying it,
but it was really hard like a cannonball, and although I expected it was hard,
holding it now makes me doubt if this fruit could even be eaten at all.

[Errr, so I just hit this with a hammer?]

[You don’t need to.]

[Eh?]

The stall seems to be lending out hammers, so I thought I’d follow the others
and use the hammer to make the impact fruit softer. but Kuro brightly smiled and
took the fruit from my hand. Thereupon, Kuro brings her other hand next to the
fruit, and after bringing her middle finger next to her thumb...

[Hoi\~\~]

[?!]

Immediately afterwards, something that sounded like a gunshot rang out... Eh?
That just now... Was that a finger flick? The level of impact sounded really
different from what a finger flick was supposed to do though... Thereupon, Kuro
hands over the impact fruit to surprise me.

[Here, it’s probably soft enough to break down on your hands.]

[A-Amazing... Or rather, it made a really amazing sound just now... I thought
the fruit would be torn apart to pieces.]

[Ahaha, I made sure to properly control my strength, so it’s alright.]

E-Even that explosion sounding finger flick was her controlling her strength
huh... Kuro’s really amazing. And thus, when I picked up the impact fruit that
was handed to me, it was indeed soft like jiggly mochi, unlike the time when I
was holding it earlier. When I tore it into pieces with my hands at Kuro’s
urging, I found that it tasted like a mochi or a manjuu in terms of texture, but
tasted like a light fruit just like pears... It feels like I’m eating a
pear-flavored mochi, but combined with its refreshing texture, it tastes quite
delicious.

[Indeed, it’s quite unusual but... it’s delicious.]

[Right\~\~, isn’t it delicious... Ahh, Kaito-kun, don’t move for a bit.]

[Ehh?]

As I was savoring the refreshing sensation of the juice seeping out of the fruit
even though it has a texture like a mochi, Kuro seemed to have noticed something
and told me not to move, and when I tilted my head... She put her hand on my
shoulder, and leaning her body forward, she gave me a lick on my cheek.

[Wha?!]

[You’ve got fruit juice on your cheek.]

What the heck is with this dream-like situation? My thoughts can’t catch up with
the situation for a moment, or rather, the feeling of being licked is so vivid
on my cheek that I can’t look at Kuro’s face properly. I-I somehow feel like
steam would literally come out of my ears today.

It was currently lunchtime, but I was feeling rather stuffed from all the food I
ate as we walked, so we went straight to the stalls for a snack and then sat
down on a bench in the plaza with Kuro to take some rest. With spontaneous
movement, I found Kuro already sitting on my lap... Which, in itself, was
something I already experienced yesterday, but there’s one important issue here.

Kuro isn’t wearing her usual half-pants now, but a pleated skirt, and don’t
misunderstand, I also find a girl who doesn’t usually wear skirts wearing one
that looks even cuter than usual, but when a girl like that is sitting on my lap
like this... I could clearly feel Kuro’s ass through her thin skirt, and it was
truly a tremendously destructive force striking right into my reasoning. To be
specific, I couldn’t move as if I were completely turned to stone too, because I
felt like if I moved, a certain part of my body would react, so I was trying to
make an effort in not moving and keeping my mind free from obstructive thoughts.

What we’re doing in this plaza isn’t taking a rest anymore, but an endurance
battle that challenges the limits of my mind, and just as I desperately try to
endure it, Kuro pursued even further.

[...Today was really fun. When I’m with Kaito-kun, even the things I see all the
time seem to be shining... It makes me feel really happy.]

[U-Unnn. I’m also having a lot of fun with Kuro by my side.]

If she tells me such a thing with a very cute smile on her face, it feels like
my faint sense of reason I have left would be torn off right now.

[Ahh, speaking of which! Kaito-kun, Shiro told me about it...]

[Eh? That kinda makes me have a bad premonition...]

Something Shiro-san said? Moreover, you’re going to tell me that at a time like
this? That would probably be something that is totally not alright, huh? It’s
that pattern where the pure Kuro is taking the airhead goddess at her word...
W-What in the world is she going to say now? I’m already at the limits of my
reasoning here, so I’d like it if you don’t make too many dangerous
statements...

[She said that the goal of a date is the “hotel”! So, I made sure to tell Ein
that “I’m going to stay for the night”!]

[Wha?!]

As I thought, I knew it was something like that huh?! Or rather, Shiro-san,
didn’t I tell you last time that you were completely wrong with that
perception?! Why are you still spreading it then?!

[K-K-Kuro?! D-D-Do you even know what you’re talking about?]

[...Ehh? What I’m talking about, doesn’t that just mean I’m going to stay in the
night together with Kaito-kun?]

I thought that perhaps, it’s because she’s not familiar with the romantic side
of things, but I knew that Kuro didn’t know what it meant. She was probably
imagining something wholesome like a normal sleepover... I-I need to clear up
this misunderstanding as soon as possible...

[Errr, Kuro, when someone speaks about staying together in a hotel... I-I-In
short, it holds the same implication as bringing someone to an inn...]

[Fuuehhh?!]

If I avoid directly talking about it and telling about it in a roundabout way,
even though Kuro isn’t familiar with the romantic side of things, she has lived
for a long time, as when I told her that, she immediately grasps the meaning and
blushes. And then, she shyly begins to fidget, and the movement of her butt
clearly transmits the luscious feeling right directly towards my lap.

[...I-I-Is that so... I-I-I didn’t know at all...]

Ah, what should I do, Kuro is just too cute. Seeing her acting bashful isn’t
something I usually see, but it was so cute that it’s so cute that it could even
kill people, and the gesture of her index fingers touching each other in front
of her breasts makes me gulp the saliva in my throat and the reasoning in my
mind is already about to disappear like flickering lights. I thought that it
would be really bad to continue with t-this conversation, so I was about to
speak and change the subject but... Kuro won’t let me off the hook.

[...H-However... ummm... If it’s... with Kaito-kun... Doing it with Kaito-kun...
i-is fine with me, you know?]

[ ~ ~ ?! ]

[Hyaahhh?! K-Kaito-kun?!]

I’m dead. She completely killed me... That line is completely foul. I couldn’t
hold on to my reasoning anymore and hugged Kuro from behind as tight as I could.
Kuro’s body twitched in reaction, but she didn’t seem to be resisting as she let
me hug her body, making me feel Kuro’s soft warmth filling my whole body. Still
feeling the warmth of her body, my hand is heading to the bulges of Kuro’s
breas.... No, wait right there, you freaking bastard!!!

This is our first date, remember?! Moreover, we’re outside in the middle of the
day!!! No matter how much Kuro loves you and may have been accepting you, you
can’t just give in to your desires here!!! Be patient, use all your remaining
mental strength to get through... Kuro has never been in a relationship before,
and I’m his first boyfriend. She must be feeling uneasy right now. She’s
slightly trembling, so I have to pull myself together here! I shouldn’t get
carried away with my desires and take our time developing our relationship
properly...

[K-Kuro... I’m really glad that you’re feeling that way, and it’s making me love
you more. However, didn’t we say that we will take our time and learn things
together, so let’s take it slow and not rush it.]

[Kaito-kun... Unnn. Thanks. Actually, I was a little scared...]

[Don’t worry, I’ll continue to be with Kuro...]

[Unnn... Kaito-kun, I love you.]

While laying her hand over my own as I hug her from behind, Kuro tightly hugs my
arm. The feeling of the deepening connections within our hearts and the sense of
happiness... A little bit, really just a little bit, I longed for the day when
what Kuro had just said would come true. I knew that there would be a lot of
fumbling with various stuff after you become lovers with someone, but with Kuro
by my side, I believe I could handle it. This way, we can deepen our bond and
love for each other, and little by little, with each step we accumulate—I hope
we can have a deeper relationship.

My first date with Kuro since we became lovers. I was quite nervous numerous
times and Kuro’s unexpected reactions frequently made my heart skip a beat. Kuro
said that the scenery she has been so far seems to look shining, and it’s the
same for me, with Kuro by my side. That alone made the familiar sceneries of the
royal capital look more beautiful than usual. Whether it’s when we’re eating
while walking, window shopping or even when we’re taking a break, it feels soft
and warm... Ahh, it truly makes me feel that this is what happiness is all
about.

However, the good times are always fleeting, and before I knew it, the setting
sun was lighting up the cityscape in madder red, telling me that the end of this
day was near. I can’t help but feel lonely when I think that this date filled
with happiness will soon be over. It seems that it was also the same for Kuro,
who is walking next to me, as I felt her fingers entwined with mine... squeezing
my hand while in those so-called “lovers’ holding hands”.

[Kuro, there’s a place I really want to go now.]

[A place you want to go?]

[Unnn, but it’s kind of far away...]

[In that case, I’ll bring you there. Where is it?]

Speaking to Kuro, who had a sad expression on her face, with a voice that is as
calm as possible, she replied while tilting her head, saying that she would take
me where I wanted to go.

[...I want to go to that riverbank where Kuro and I had barbecue before, if
that’s okay with you?]

[Eh? U-Unnn. It’s fine with me but... even if you go at this time, the light
trees won’t shine, you know?]

It’s certainly a shame that we can’t see those glowing trees... The light tree
that we saw before, as they’re apparently storing magic power and is only
glowing once every month, but it’s not really the light tree that I’m after this
time.

[Yeah, it’s fine... Can I ask you that?]

[Unnn, of course!]

When I told Kuro that, Kuro nodded, and her black jacket changed to the shape of
large wings. And then, instead of putting her hands under my armpits like
before, Kuro gently hugs me from behind and slowly flaps her wings. Softly and
gently, my body floats up and the cityscape drifts farther and farther from
sight. Looking out at the beautiful cityscape, which is dyed red by the sun, and
feeling Kuro’s warmth behind my back, Kuro and I moved to our destination.

When we finally reached that riverbank, Kuro brought her wings back on her
jacket and slowly stretched out her body.

[Hnnn\~\~ The wind feels nice.]

[Indeed.]

There was a faint breeze on the river bank, gently caressing my cheek along with
the scent of grass and trees, which was very pleasant.

[So, what did Kaito-kun want to come here for?]

[...Errr, actually... Kuro, I was actually planning to confess to you right
here.]

[Fueehh?]

Hearing what I said with a smile on my face, Kuro’s eyes turned wide as she
looked at me in surprise. Yes, when I was preparing my date plan at the
beginning, I was thinking of visiting this place for the end of our date, and
then, I would confess to Kuro. I had confessed to Kuro earlier than what I
planned because of what Alice told me, but I still wanted to come to this place
again with Kuro... I mean, this place is...

[...This place means a lot to me. This is the place where Kuro saved me... and
gave me the courage to walk forward.]

[...Kaito-kun.]

Other than the place, I also felt like the time was completely perfect. I met
Kuro when I could see the sunset, so I guess I’m glad for the unexpected
coincidence huh?

[...At first, I wondered why I got caught up in the Hero summoning, and I
thought it was just a real nuisance.]

[Ughhh, I-I’m sorry.]

[However, now, I’m really, really grateful.]

[Ehh?]

If I’m going to be honest, I was anxious at first. In my head, I fooled myself
into thinking that I was just getting into some kind of light novel-like
development, but being sent to a strange place, with a culture I’d never seen
before and having to rely on strangers... Frankly, I was scared. However, that
was really only in the beginning, and I am now truly grateful to be caught up in
the Hero summoning.

[Kuro may be aware of this already, but I had always been troubled back then,
and I’ve always been hiding beneath my shell for a long time. Always desperately
trying to keep up appearances, even though all I’ve been doing is making excuses
for myself and running away... I was helpless and weak.]

[.........]

[...When I first met Kuro, I thought you were some weird fellow.]

[Ahaha... That’s mean.]

Kuro responds to my words, scratching her head with a wry smile on her face. The
atmosphere isn’t bad though, as it certainly makes me feel itchy, and yet, it
feels comforting.

[You’re pushy and unpredictable... and it’s like you can see everything about
me, telling me the words I want, when I want them... and reaching out to my
heart.]

[...I didn’t do anything that great, you know? I just gave you a little push.
Kaito-kun.]

[...That little push made me really happy. I was stuck and couldn’t move, but
your encouragement gave me a positive attitude to try again. If I hadn’t met
Kuro, I’d probably still be looking downcast like I was before.]

These are truly my heartfelt words.

The fact that I met Kuro is what saved me. If the greatest misfortune in my life
is the death of my parents, the greatest fortune would be the time I met Kuro...
That’s how big her presence is for me.

[You’d be happy with me when I did my best, and you’d comfort me when I was
down... Your smile has always been supporting me, and I know that you would
always be there for me.]

[...Kaito-kun?]

[...Kuro, thank you so much. For meeting me and saving me... and always being
there to see the smile on your face.]

[Ahh?!]

Telling her that, I grabbed Kuro’s hand and pulled her body to me, tightly
enveloping her slender body within my embrace.

[So, once again... I want to say this. Kuro, I love you. From the bottom of my
heart, I love you so much...]

[Ahhh...uuu... Kaito... -kun.]

I look firmly into Kuro’s beautiful eyes as I tell her my thoughts, while Kuro
also looks at me with tears in her eyes and hugs me back tightly. I feel our
hearts deeply connected to each other as our warmth mingled with each other, and
then, Kuro slowly spoke while her voice was slightly blurred with her tears.

[...I’m the one... who should be thanking you instead.]

[Kuro?]

[I was going to raise you, Kaito-kun, so I thought I’d help you... but the one
who was saved after I met you was me.]

With tears in her eyes, Kuro buries her face in my chest as she continues to
speak with all her heart.

[...Kaito-kun’s wings are more beautiful and bigger than I could have ever
imagined... For years, I had been deceiving myself, and you have come, saving my
heart.]

[.........]

[If I hadn’t met Kaito-kun, I would have given up... Not being able to get what
I’ve always wanted, and even after I’ve wished for it, it’s something that won’t
come true... However, Kaito-kun came and gave me what I’ve wished for. I was
hoping Kaito-kun would find your own treasure within this world, but it was me
who found it instead.]

[...Kuro.]

I could feel Kuro’s thoughts and affection for me in a way that it hurts. And in
the same way, I’m confident that my feelings for Kuro are being conveyed to her.
Now, I’m convinced, as if it were obvious, that Kuro and I have a deeper bond
with each other more than anyone else.

[...Thank you, Kaito-kun. For meeting me, for loving me... Meeting Kaito-kun is
the most marvelous day of my life.]

[I feel the same way. I’m really glad I met Kuro.]

[...Kaito-kun.]

[...Kuro.]

Not saying any more words, our faces pressed close to each other as if we were
drawn to one another, and our lips perfectly pressed together. As if to say that
there wouldn’t be anything between us, our bodies perfectly clung with each
other and our shadows stretching into the sunset became one. I don’t know how
long we’ve been like this, but we savor the moment of happiness that feels like
an instant before the sun sets, where neither of us is unwilling to part. The
silver thread between our mouths is the clear indication that we’ve been kissing
each other for a long time.

[...Kaito-kun. I... I don’t want to leave Kaito-kun yet. I want to feel
Kaito-kun’s warmth even more, even if it’s just for one second longer.]

[...I also don’t want to separate with Kuro either. That’s why, how about we
stay like this for a while longer...]

[...Unnn.]

[...Kuro.]

[...Kaito-kun.]

[ [ I love you. ] ]

The greatest miracle of my life that came to me in another world has certainly
become true. The warmth I feel all over my body, and the love that boils in my
heart... I’m sure that the future where I’m going to walk with my beloved
lover—I think it would be overflowing with happiness.
