---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 6: Starry Sky Together with You

The 8th Day of the Earth month. Heading towards Alice’s general store, I walked
along the street that I’m quite familiar with nowadays. Alice has always been
behind me lately, acting as my guard away from sight, so I can talk to her as
soon as I want to. However, I wonder if it has become a habit or not? Somehow,
when I want to talk with Alice... to hang out with Alice, I would find myself
walking towards her general store.

Well, Alice’s general store has a variety of products that I like... and just as
I’m feeling like she had been making me her target market, it had been quite fun
for me to look around her store. In addition, Alice’s main body may have been
around me as my guard, it seems that she had placed a clone in her general
store, so it’s open for business as usual. Well, it seems like just as usual, it
doesn’t get any customers...

With this in mind, I arrived at the general store and opened the door... and
found someone unexpected in there.

[Unnn? Arehh? If it isn’t Kai-chan. Yahooo~~]

[Fate-san?]

In front of the counter, riding on her floating cushion, drinking tea with
Alice’s clone dressed in a cat costume was the Supreme God of the God Realm,
Fate-san. As I tilted my head, wondering why Fate-san was here, the cat costumed
clone blurred and taking its place was the familiar Alice... The real one
probably changed places with the clone. As Alice set up a chair for me in front
of the counter, as she had been used to doing on my visits, she spoke.

[...Fate-san often comes here, you know?]

[Is that so... I see. I was just thinking that it was an unexpected
combination...]

[Really? Shall-tan and I are soul friends, you know? We’re quite close!]

Now that she mentioned it, when I visited the God Realm... When Fate-san acted
in a way that angered Kuro, Alice hurriedly showed up to warn Fate-san about the
situation. Despite Alice’s usual cheerful demeanor, she had a rather dry
personality, so the fact that she worried about Fate-san proves that she’s
really close to her. In addition, back when we’re bathing in the onsen, I
remember Fate-san mentioning how Alice had a special way to bypass her
authority. In short, it can be said that Alice satisfies the condition that
Fate-san likes, that is, she is someone who she can’t control with her
authority.

[Well, my friendship Fate-san goes for 20,000 years already... We’ve been
friends since the day I went with Kuro-san to invade the God Realm, and she
would come visit the shop often, even if it’s the cat clone manning the store.
She never bought any of my merchandise though... She never bought any of my
merchandise though!!!]

[...Within my mind, I’ve shopped here more than a thousand times though.]

[You buying my stuff in your mind doesn’t make sales, you know?!]

[But, but, I properly help you out, Shall-tan. I even lent you the temple of one
of my subordinates before.]

It’s quite unusual that Alice is the one doing the tsukkomi. And there, I feel
like something Fate-san said something I just couldn’t overlook. Could she be
talking about what Chronois-san told me before? About how Alice took the form of
a God and gave blessings to people... I was wondering how she slipped in... but
I never expected that she would have a Supreme God as an accomplice.

[Well, let’s put that aside for a moment and explain to Kaito-san... that
Fate-san often takes refuge here.]

[...Unnn? She takes refuge here?]

[Yes, my store is a little special, and I’ve made it so that it can’t be
detected by Search Magic.]

[Yes, yes, Shall-tan’s Recognition Inhibition Magic is the best in the world, so
even God of Space and Time can’t find me here.]

Just as usual, Chronois-san was feeling troubled. I’ll tell Chronois-san where
to find this general store next time... Yep, let’s do that.

[Well, as expected, she would definitely find this place if she used Fate-san
and Life-san’s authority at the same time.]

[That can’t be helped. Magic and authority basically don’t have the same
power... Well, I’m sure that when it comes down to it, Shall-tan would be able
to deceive her way out of it.]

[Speaking of which, I don’t really know much about them... but what’s the
difference between magic and authority?]

I was curious about what Fate-san casually said, so I decided to ask them about
the difference between magic and authority. Somehow, from what Fate-san just
said, I got the impression that authority is a higher power than magic... I
wonder how it actually was? In response to my question, Alice and Fate-san
exchanged a glance and nodded at each other, before Alice spoke.

[...I suppose it would be alright. Kaito-san is getting more and more acquainted
with the Gods, and since Fate-san, a Supreme God, is here, shall we explain what
authority is?]

[Unnn. If it’s alright, yes.]

[Yes, yes. Well then, I’ll get things prepared then.]

[Prepared what?]

As soon as he said that, Alice took a huge blackboard out of nowhere, and at the
same time, an armchair that looked like something you would find in a school
appeared, and for some reason, Fate-san sat on it. Moreover, looking at her
again, I saw Alice’s outfit had changed to a white coat for some reason.
Thereupon, Alice and Fate-san exchanged glances once again, nodded once, and
spoke at the same time.

[ [ Teach me! Shall-tan-sensei!!! ] ]

[............]

The heck, you starting a skit or something?!

[And thus, in this corner, I, Shall-tan-sensei, will be answering the questions
of the students.]

[Here! Shall-tan-sensei!]

Errr, in other words, Alice is playing the role of the teacher, while Fate-san,
who just raised her hand, is playing the role of the student? I’m starting to
feel like I asked the wrong people... Also, it’s not the God Fate-san that’s
teaching, it would be Alice huh... Well, it certainly feels like it would be
impossible to have Fate-san take the role of a teacher.

As I was stunned by the turn of events, a smug smile appeared on Alice’s lips,
before she pointed towards Fate-san, who was holding up her hand.

[Yes, Student Fate-san. You can ask your question.]

[I’m tired already, so can I go home now?]

[Why?! We haven’t even answered a single question yet! Look, I’ll bake you some
cookies later, so please take it seriously.]

[...Yeeeeeees.]

I wonder what kind of reaction I should make here? These two were acting like
complete idiots, but on one hand is one of the Six Kings, the pinnacles of the
Demon Realm, while on the other hand is a Supreme God from the God Realm. With
these two standing among the top of the world, I’m feeling anxious if this world
would be alright.

[Well then, once again, Shall-tan-sensei, I have a question!]

[Yes, please ask.]

[Does bananas count as snacks?]

[Unnn, let’s see. Bananas are nutritious, sweet and easy to eat when you’re
hungry, so with it being a great food, I don’t conside—Wait, what kind of stupid
questions are you saying now?!]

A self-tsukkomi.... How should I say this... These two sure are close. And as I
thought, with this combination, Alice ended up being the tsukkomi instead of the
boke. In fact, looking at them like this, they seemed to make a great
combination, and their personality seemed to be compatible with each other.

[No, I just thought that’s something I should ask at least once. Anyhow, once
again, what are these authorities that Gods use?]

I’ll say this now, but seeing how the one asking the question is a Supreme God,
it really looked like a farce.

[Authorities are inherent abilities of Gods, directly given to them by the
absolute God of the world, Shallow Vernal-sama. At the same time, authority is
also something that the Gods govern. The fact that Gods were referred to as “God
of 〇〇〇” denotes the authority they govern.]

[Ehhh~~ In that case, how is that any different from magic?]

[Yes, they may be similar, but they’re also very different. The authority allows
them control over the concept itself, so it’s a higher power than magic.]

[Teach. Please teach us in an easier to understand way.]

[Let’s see. If I were to compare it to sport, magic is an art that allows the
athletes to improve, while the authority allows them to manipulate the rules of
the game itself, or something like that? In the first place, in relation to
existence, authorities are far higher.]

While explaining what authority is, Alice began drawing pictures on the
blackboard. Drawn on it was chibified Fate-san and Alice, and some dice.

[Let’s take Fate-san’s authority over fate as an example. First off all, the
principle itself, Principle of Causality Manipulation can be used even by the
upper ranks of the High-ranking Demons. There are even magic that allows you to
see the future and manipulate the principle of causality.]

[Arehh? Then, wouldn’t magic, that could do the same thing as an authority, be
superior?]

[Of course, even though it can’t do everything, magic does allow them to use
such abilities. For example, if I wanted to determine the outcome of this dice
roll, I could easily do that. In this situation, here’s a question. What would
happen if Fate-san and I were to use our abilities to determine the roll of this
die? If I try to get a one and Fate-san tries to get a six... What do you think
would happen?]

[Hmmm... I guess that would depend on who’s stronger among you two huh?]

Indeed, even Ein-san can manipulate time, which makes me understand that what
can be done with authority can also be done with magic. But then, I can’t tell
the difference between magic and authority anymore. As I was thinking that,
Fate-san asked Alice to explain again, which she reiterated with an explanation
that’s easier to understand.

[As a matter of fact, that isn’t the case. Even if I’m many times stronger than
Fate-san, in this case, the six that Fate-san determined will always come out.
It’s the truth of the world that authority would always be superior to magic...
That is because authorities are the rules themselves. Thus, even if a magic and
an authority were to do the same thing, the authority will always take
precedence.]

[Then, does that mean those who make use of authorities are much more powerful
than magic users?]

[As a matter of fact, it can’t be said that this would generally be the case.
Since the authority is a very specialized power, they won’t be able to do
anything that doesn’t correspond to their authority. With magic, they would be
able to do as many things as they want depending on their personal skills, but
while authority may be more powerful, it’s effects are limited.]

[Fumu fumu.]

In other words, it would be like the all-rounders vs the specialized? Magic can
do a wide variety of things, but it’s absolutely no match for authorities that
can do the same effect as their spells. On the other hand, authorities would
have absolute dominance within a certain scope, but it can only do certain
things, so there would also be times when they aren’t very practical.

[...Well, I can do a lot of things with my authority.]

[...There are exceptions after all. Fate-san’s authority is basically known as
the strongest because it allows her to interfere with any phenomena. It’s for
this reason that Fate-san is the strongest among the Gods, aside from Shallow
Vernal-sama...]

Indeed, Fate-san’s authority that allows her to interfere with the principle of
causality sounded like it could do anything. In short, except towards those whom
her authority is ineffective, Fate-san holds absolute supremacy over all
others... Unnn, I don’t need to think about this again, she had an incredible
cheat. In contrast to that, Chronois-san’s authority of time has a very powerful
effect, but it probably only allows her to do a limited number of things.

[Ahh, by the way, one more thing. Why are authorities superior to magic in the
first place?]

[It’s simple. The authorities are reproductions of Shallow Vernal-sama’s power
itself. Shallow Vernal-sama is the God of the world, the highest power in the
world.]

I see, Shiro-san certainly was the God who created this world. In other words,
it would make sense that Shiro-san’s power is the absolute rules of this world
and the most powerful.

(In other words... I am the rules.)

I kinda feel like the meaning of those words were different from what I had in
mind.

Shiro-san spoke into my mind as if it’s a matter of course... Her voice was as
inflectionless as usual, and her expression probably hadn’t changed... but I
kinda feel like I’m hearing her smugness from here.

(Doya.)

No, you don’t really have to say it out... Well, anyhow, I could tell that
Shiro-san was amazing.

(You can praise me more, you know? Praises make me happy.)

Let’s just leave that for another time... Leaving the conversation with
Shiro-san at an appropriate time, I turned my gaze back to Alice and Fate-san.

[...I see. I understand now! Thank you, Shall-tan-sensei!]

[No, no, do you have other questions?]

[Yeeeeees! How can I win over Kai-chan!!?!]

Oi, with that serious expression on your face incomparable to earlier, the heck
are you asking, Supreme God...

[Let’s see. Even though he looks like this, Kaito-san is kind of a pushover. I
don’t recommend forcing yourself on him though, because Kuro-san will definitely
appear and stop you... Putting it in another way, forceful ways are effective as
long as they aren’t those that would make Kuro-san intervene. Perhaps, even if
you force him out to a date, he’ll just go along with it.]

[Fumu fumu.]

[The route Fate-san uses, clinging to him and acting spoiled around him, seems
to be very effective. In fact, I think that if you keep your requests a little
more moderate, he will pamper you quite a bit. Kaito-san is a softie after all.]

You’re supposed to be one of the Six Kings, right? The heck are you coaching
there... Also, doesn’t that really sound like you’re telling her really
effective means?! Indeed, if for example, Fate-san isn’t asking me stuff like
marry her or adopt her... and was instead asking me to go shopping with her, or
hang out with her... I feel like I might really just agree. Well, fortunately,
Fate-san is probably not going to do it. She won’t, right? I mean, it’s Fate-san
we’re talking about here. Even if she’s taking notes over there, she’s probably
going to think that it’s too troublesome when she’s about to execute it, so it
will be back to the usual routine.

[Moreover, I estimated that Kaito-san’s preferred situation was...]

[Mhmm, Kai-chan’s preference?!]

I wonder why? I kinda feel like the situation is turning ominous. If things keep
going like this, much less my privacy... Even the fetishes I myself don’t know
would be exposed to the public. I-I need to stop them... But putting aside
Alice, I wonder if I can stop Fate-san? It’s not like Kuro would just come at
the right time...

(I’ll teach you some magical words.)

Unnn? Magical words?

(“Help me, Shiro-san”. Just say these words and everything will be solved)

...Errr, u-unnn... Help me, Shiro-san.

[ [ Higyaaaahhhh?! ] ]

[...Eh?]

The moment I muttered that, above Alice and Fate-san’s heads... a piko piko
hammer appeared, and swung down on their heads. And then, just as I heard the
cute little poink sound, the two of the most powerful beings in the world were,
for some reason, rolling around with their hands in their hands.

[...Wait, Kaito-san. I can already guess what happened... but you do realize
that hammer really hurts, right?! Of all the people to ask, it had to be her?
Seriously, can you please not do that? She doesn’t know what moderation is...
Not only does it penetrate all of my magic defenses, it also inflicts pain
“directly to my sense of pain, you know?!]

[I’m sorry! Shallow Vernal-sama, everything is because of my depravity! I-I’m
really sorry!!! P-P-Please forgive me...]

[...Ah, no, ummm... I’m really sorry. Wait, Fate-san! Please calm down!]

[I’m sorry I’m sorry I’m sorry I’m sorry I’m sorry...]

Its effect was more frightening than I expected. Alice was writhing in pain upon
receiving the strong attack of Shiro-san, someone who doesn’t know moderation.
However, the damage to Fate-san was more serious than that. It seems like the
fact that a God, Fate-san, has been scolded by Shiro-san was an even more
serious incident than I thought... After stumbling around in pain, she got down
on her knees, half-crazed, and banged her head on the floor repeatedly, and just
like a broken recorder, she repeatedly apologized.

The magic words I had uttered in an attempt to request for help had an
unexpectedly powerful effect... After I had tried helping out Fate-san, who had
suffered great mental damage, I had to ask Shiro-san to come out... which
somehow ended up needing more effort than I had thought.

This is the moment when I vowed never to use these dangerous magical words
again.

---

The 10th Day of the Earth month. I finished my daily routine of brushing Bell,
and while staring up at the clear, cloudless blue sky, I was thinking about what
I should do now.

It’s a nice day, so how about I go shopping? However, I don’t really have
anything I want to buy now... Kuro and Isis-san have been busy lately for some
reason, so I don’t feel comfortable bothering them.

Well, it wouldn’t be a bad idea to wander around aimlessly every once in a
while. Just as that thought popped into my head though, a familiar voice rang
out.

[Kaitokun-san! Kaitokun-san!!!]

[...Raz-san?]

When I looked back in the direction of where I heard the voice, a 30cm
pink-blonde haired fairy... Raz-san arrived from the gate, looking flustered and
calling me in her own unique way. It’s been quite a long time since I’ve known
Raz-san, but is she really still calling me “Kaitokun-san”... No, this may be
impossible to fix now, so let’s just give up.

[Kaitokun-san! Raz needs your help!!!]

[Ehh? My help? W-What are you talking about?]

[It’s about the only parfait couple!!! Please collaborate with me!!!]

[...Hmmm?]

About what? Is that some kind of secret boss? No, let’s calm down here and think
about it again... She may have just said that in the wrong order.

Only parfait couple... Only couple parfait...

[...”Couples-Only Parfait”?]

[Yes! That’s what I’m talking about! Plese, Kaitokun-san, please collaborate
with me!]

[No, I’m sorry. Even if I know what those words mean... Please explain to me the
situation.]

[L-Let’s see... Ahh, here it is!]

Even though I arrived at the words “Couples-Only Parfait”, I didn’t understand
why Raz-san wanted me to help her with that, so I asked her back, and out of
nowhere, she pulled out a flyer. I received a flier about the same height as
Raz-san and looked it over... Written in there was “Our Newest Special Fruit
Parfait, for couples only!” in large letters, and there’s a map of the area
around the central street of the Symphonia Kingdom.

[...Errr, and how can I be of help with?]

[Raz... Raz really wants to try this fruit parfait. However, I was told that
they can’t serve it if it weren’t to a couple.]

...Well, it’s a couples-only parfait after all.

[That’s why, Raz tried asking “Acht-kun”... But Acht-kun said no because he was
going there with Eva-san.]

[Fumu fumu... Eh?]

Raz-san said she asked Acht to go with her first... Inviting him to go eat a
couples-only parfait... Eh? Does that mean Raz-san and Acht are in that kind of
relationship?! I-I didn’t know... that’s a couple with quite the tremendous size
difference right there. However, now that I think about it, I think I can see
what Raz-san needs my help with.

[...I see. You want me to help you convince Acht, right?!]

[Eh? That’s not it.]

[...Unnn?]

[Raz is asking you to come and eat parfait with me~~]

[...Eh?]

Looking at Raz-san, who said that with a big smile, I completely stiffened. What
on earth is Raz-san saying? Just because Acht turned her down, she’s asking me
to go and eat couples-only parfait... Is she insinuating something? Or perhaps,
is it because she was feeling jealous of Eva? I didn’t think that people in this
world are prone to that kind of jealousy, but I guess it really differs for each
person.

However, it certainly isn’t hard to understand Raz-san’s feelings when her lover
refused to come with her to eat the couples-only parfait that she really wanted
to eat... However, I think it would be too cruel to Acht if I go in his stead.

[...No, Raz-san. You shouldn’t be too hasty with your decisions.]

[About what?]

[No, what I mean is that you shouldn’t let your momentary emotions sway your
decisions... Wouldn’t Acht be pitiful if Raz-san and I go out to eat together?]

[Why?]

I tried persuading her, but Raz-san just tilted her head, as if she was
wondering what was going on.

[...What I’m trying to say is that, if Raz-san and I go together in this, people
will think that we’re a couple, you know?]

[But Raz and Kaitokun-san are a “couple”, you know?]

[Yes, that’s why... Yes? Sorry, can you repeat that?]

[Geez, I said, Raz and Kaitokun-san are a couple, so it’s okay!]

...That’s a shocking revelation. Apparently, Raz-san and I were a couple... When
did that happen? I have no idea. Did I get drunk before? No, I have Shiro-san’s
blessing, so I shouldn’t get drunk. Did something happen that only I don’t
remember? No, as expected, I’ve never seen such a small-statured Raz-san as a
target of affection. In that case, the only possible reason here would be...

[...Ummm, Raz-san. This might be rude of me to ask but... Raz-san, do you know
what a couple is?]

[Of course! That’s what is called when boys and girls love each other very much
and are very close with each other!]

She isn’t wrong if it was interpreted broadly, but why do I feel that she
doesn’t know the critical part?! Apparently, from Raz-san’s point of view, a
couple is nothing more than good friends of the opposite gender... No, of
course, calling that a couple isn’t a mistake either, but I suppose the couple
mentioned in the flier is referring to lovers. Feeling the discrepancy in
Raz-san’s perception of a couple, I was wondering how to explain it to her...
But Raz-san seems to have thought about something, and her expression changes to
shock.

[...R-Raz... loves Kaitokun-san and thought we were close to each other... B-But
could it be... K-Kaitokun-san... doesn’t love Raz?]

[That’s not the case! I love you and feel like we’re close with each other!
That’s why, please don’t look like you’re about to cry!!!]

As Raz-san said that while her body was quivering and tears appeared in her
eyes... I could no longer choose any option other than affirmation.

[T-Then... Raz and Kaitokun-san are a couple?]

[T-That’s right! Well~~ I was just lost in thought earlier. Raz-san and I are a
couple!]

[Yayyy, I’m happy! Yayyy, yaayyy!]

[.........]

I can’t do this, it’s very impossible for me to make Raz-san, a literal fairy,
cry. Seeing her so happy like that, I can’t say how she’s mistaken. Deeply
cursing myself for being so easily swung around, my shoulders slumped down.

[Then, then, Kaitokun-san! Will you come with Raz to eat parfait?]

[...Yes. Let’s go.]

[Yayyyyy~~! Kaitokun-san, I love you!]

Raz-san, whose body was stretched out as much as she can, with her arms reaching
out above her, and was flapping around on her little wings, was so murderously
cute that I could no longer say any objections.

Walking side by side with Raz-san on the busy main street in the late
afternoon... Well, I’m the only one walking, while Raz-san is flying around,
flapping the little wings on her back. Putting aside if this was just a normal
stroll, but what I’m troubled about now is that Raz-san and I are currently a
couple... or so we bear that title, as we were going to eat a limited edition
parfait... How do you expect me to be calm like that?

Raz’s height, I don’t know the exact number, but I think she’s about 30cm... The
height difference between me and her would be about 140 cm. At least, we don’t
look like a couple when others look at us objectively the way we look now...
They would only see a human walking with a fairy. However, if we go to that
restaurant and have a couples-only parfait, the people will start looking at us
in that way... If that happens, I feel like a really serious damage to my public
image... Thinking about it, Kuro appeared in my mind... Yep, it was too late
now.

While thinking about such unnecessary things, I exchange small talk with
Raz-san.

[Heehhh... Then, Raz-san has a field behind Kuro’s castle huh.]

[That’s right! Raz is raising hypahhh vegetables and fruits!]

I knew that Raz-san was growing rice and vegetables, but from what I’ve heard
from her, she has a fairly large farm.

[I see... Raz-san is amazing.]

[Eh? R-Really? Raz is amazing?]

[Yes. You’re very amazing and I respect you.]

[I-Is that so... Ehehe, I got complimented! Ahem!]

...What a cute little creature, she is... Raz expresses her joy with her whole
body, moving her little body as best as she can, and she’s as cute as a small
animal. I guess this is what they meant when they said how small things are
cute. Seeing Raz-san looking happy as she flew around, I felt a smile naturally
appear on my lips as I continued walking.

As soon as we reached our destination, I felt that my fears were unfounded.
There were various couples sitting in the many seats, which seemed to be like an
outdoor cafe. There was a man who looked like a Demon with a height of nearly 3
meters, and a dwarf-like woman who was less than 120 cm tall, and the difference
between their heights are nearly 2 meters. It seems that in a world where
various races live as close neighbors, couples with a difference in height
aren’t particularly rare.

In fact, when I asked the waiter for a couples-only parfait after she showed us
to our seats, she accepted my order easily and without questions. Since
Raz-san’s size is also like that, I also decided to ask her to bring us a
teaspoon that is used for black tea while I’m at it.

[I’m looking forward to it~~ Is it ready yet~~? Would they bring it sooner now?]

[Raz-san... We just ordered it.]

[Aya? That’s right.]

As if she’s looking forward to the parfait that much, Raz-san restlessly moving
around the table. Unfortunately, there doesn’t seem to be any chairs for the
fairies in this shop, so Raz-san places her small shoes on the chair and sits on
the table.

[Raz-san, do you like parfaits?]

[Yes! Parfaits are so sweet and fluffy, and Raz really loves it... But the
parfaits at restaurants are so big that Raz can’t eat it by myself.]

Certainly, given Raz-san’s height, a normal parfait is too big for her... And
that’s exactly why most of the parfaits would be too much for her. And that
prediction seems to have been correct, as after we chatted for a while, a large
parfait... the couples-only parfait that was for two people was brought to us.
It looks like it’s made with lots of fruit and looks bright and delicious.

[Wow~~! I’ve been waiting~~! Kaitokun-san! Kaitokun-san! Let’s eat quickly!!!]

When the parfait appeared, Raz-san’s excitement went through the roof, as she
stared at the parfait, that was bigger than her own body, with a twinkle in her
eyes. Soothed by her cuteness, I handed the teaspoon to Raz-san but... A major
miscalculation occurred.

I thought a normal spoon would be too big for Raz-san’s size, but even a
teaspoon was more than big enough for her, and when Raz-san held it, it looked
like she was holding a spear.

[...Raz-san, can you carry that in your mouth?]

[Auuu, i-it looks difficult...]

[I knew it... Please lend me that for a bit.]

As I thought, it was going to be difficult to scoop it up with a teaspoon and
carry it into her mouth, so I asked Raz-san to lend me the teaspoon and with a
smile, I asked her.

[Raz-san, which one would you like to eat?]

[Eh? You’re going to feed me?!]

[Yes. This spoon seems to be too big for you.]

[Wow~~ Kaitokun-san is really kind! Thank you!!!]

If it’s difficult for Raz-san to eat it herself, then I can just feed her. With
that in mind, I ask her while holding the spoon in my hand, and after thinking
about it for a moment, Raz-san tells me what she wants to eat, pointing to a
fruit that looks like a strawberry.

[Right here? Hmm, here.]

[Ahnn... Whamnn.]

When I scooped up the requested portion and put it in front of Raz, she spread
her mouth open and took a bite of the parfait... Well, she still didn’t eat half
of that spoon though...

[Hnnn~~ It’s delicious!]

[Really? That’s good to hear.]

[Yes! Ahh, please eat too, Kaitokun-san! This parfait is too much for Raz.]

I see. If Raz-san takes a bite and I eat the rest of it, it’ll be just right
huh... Arehh? However, wouldn’t that be an indirect kiss... Well, I guess it’s
fine. Raz-san didn’t seem particularly bothered by it either, so I ate the
remaining parfait on the spoon.

Then, I listened to Raz-san’s request again, scoop the parfait, and let Raz-san
take a bite before eating the rest. Raz-san twists around and smiles with
happiness with each bite, almost to the point of exaggeration. She really is
quite the cute person.

![Insert 5](../../_Images/v06/Insert5.jpg#.insert)

As we proceeded to eat our parfait in this way, I was soothed by Raz-san’s
cuteness... when I heard some familiar voices.

[Good grief, why didn’t you come with Sis Raz?]

[N-No, you also have a sweet tooth too, right? That’s why...]

[I appreciate the sentiment,but I feel sorry for Sis Raz.]

[...Ugghhh... No, well, it’s true that I did a bad thing to Elder Sis Raz, so
I’ll get something as a souvenir for her—Unnn?]

[...Arehh?]

[Ah~~! It’s Acht-kun and Eva-san!]

When Raz-san and I turned to the direction of the voice, there was a large
blue-skinned man and an equally large woman with wolf ears, and when she saw
them, Raz-san loudly called out their names.

[Elder Sis Raz?! And also, isn’t this Kaito?!]

[Long time no see, Acht, Eva.]

[Long time no see~~ I see, Kaito was brought here by Sis Raz?]

[Yeah, well...]

Hearing Raz-san’s voice, Acht and Eva also notice us and come up to the table we
were at. When I nodded to her question, Eva hit Acht who was next to her with an
apologetic look on her face.

[I see, I’m sorry, Sis Raz. My idiot here is quite insensitive.]

[It’s fine~~ Acht-kun and Eva-san are husband and wife, so he’s right to
prioritize you!]

[Thank you for saying that... Kaito too, thanks.]

[Ah, no, you’re welcome...]

Apparently, Eva was bowing to Raz-san, as if she was concerned about Acht’s
refusal of Raz-san’s invitation. But then, Raz-san didn’t seem to mind at all
though, as she told them not to worry about it with a smile on her face.
Thereupon, I suddenly thought about something that had been bothering me for a
while and decided to ask them now.

[Speaking of which, I noticed it before... Why do Acht and Eva call Raz-san as
Sis?]

[Unnn? That’s because Elder Sis Raz is “older” than us.]

[...Ehh?]

[There’s also because Sis Raz is “many times stronger” than us.]

[Eeehhhhh?!]

They say that people aren’t always what they seem, and I don’t know if it really
is as they say or not but... For the small and lovable Raz-san to actually be a
great fairy who has lived for a considerable amount of years, and her power
makes her—The greatest among the fairies.

When Raz-san and I went to eat a couples-only parfait, we happened to meet Acht
and Eva at a restaurant. However, I thought it would be intruding on them if we
were to sit together, so after a quick chat, we decided to eat at different
seats. Compared to Raz-san and I, who were already halfway through our meal,
Acht and Eva had just made their order and since we didn’t want to make them
feel uncomfortable, after we finished eating, we called out to them before
leaving the restaurant.

Although Raz-san’s objective was accomplished by eating the parfait, I decided
to go around the city with her to digest our meals.

[Auuuhh... I’ve eaten too much...]

[Raz-san? Are you alright? You weren’t flying straight...]

[My body feels too heavy for me to fly...]

Apparently, Raz-san had eaten quite a bit, as she looked quite exhausted and was
fluttering around in the air. Well, considering Raz-san’s size... I guess she
had eaten too much. Let’s be clear with something though... I have eaten way
more than her!

No matter how much Raz-san eats, it would be a fifth of the whole, or at best, a
quarter of it, and the rest of the parfait... the rest of that parfait that was
originally for two people, I had eaten nearly 80% of it. To be honest, eating
that much was quite heartburning... If I ever hang out to eat with Raz-san next
time, I’ll go ask for a mini size for her.

[If you want... How about you ride my shoulder?]

[Eh? Are you sure?]

[Yes.]

[Yayyy. Thank you!]

When I suggested it, Raz-san sat down on my left shoulder with a happy smile in
her eyes, and while her right hand was leaning on my neck. The feeling of
Raz-san’s hand, small and soft as a marshmallow, tickles my neck.

[Raz-san, is there anywhere you’d like to go? Though I say that, I don’t know
much about the area either...]

[Hmmm... Ahh, I want to buy some souvenirs for Noin and the others!]

[I see... You’re kind, Raz.]

[Eh? Ehehe, really?]

As Raz-san exclaims that while adorably raising her hand, she looked impossibly
adorable, and I couldn’t help but reflexively reach out and pat Raz-san’s head.
However, I can’t pat her head with my palm, so I only used two fingers to pat
her head... After petting her once, the thought that it might have been rude to
pat someone older than me came to my mind, however small she may be, but Raz-san
happily smiled.

[Kaitokun-san’s hand is so gentle... You can pat me more!]

[Yes, well then, I’ll take you up on your offer.]

[Ehehe.]

Apparently, Raz-san seems to like it, and she adorably demands more petting, so
I patted her head again, feeling soothed as if I was petting a cute, small
animal. After patting Raz-san for a while, I put my hand away, and Raz-san looks
at me with a charming smile on her face,

[Kaitokun-san feels fuzzy!]

[...Fuzzy?]

[Yes! As warm and gentle as the sun! Raz-san loves the gentle Kaitokun-san~~]

[Ahaha, thank you.]

I see... When she said fuzzy, she meant warm huh... that’s quite the cute way of
describing someone. Seeing Raz-san with a happy smile on her face, I naturally
smiled too, and we walked down the street, happily chatting with each other.

After finding some good souvenirs, we then continued walking around the main
street together. Raz-san would be so excited when she found a store that looked
interesting, and how should I say this... I feel like I’ve really been pushed
around... I wasn’t bothered by that at all though, and seeing Raz-san overjoyed
and in high spirits, I felt like my heart was being healed.

Before I knew it, the enjoyable time passed, and as dusk dyed the main street in
its colors, Raz-san moved away from my shoulder and told me that she would go
home.

[Kaitokun-san! Thank you very much for today!]

[No, no, I’ve also had quite a lot of fun today.]

[Raz had a lot of fun too! Ehehe, we’re the same~~]

[Ahaha, I guess so.]

Seeing Raz-san looking like she had lots of fun with her arms open wide, I
smiled back at her and responded.

[Kaitokun-san, let’s go hang out again, okay~~]

[Yes, with pleasure.]

[Ehehe... Ahh, that’s right! Kaitokun-san, let me give my thanks!]

[...Thanks?]

After looking as if she thought of a great idea, Raz-san began twirling around
my face. As I tilted my head, wondering what’s going on, Raz-san spun around my
body before coming close...

[Chuu.]

[...Eh?]

Stretching out her little body as best as she could, she kissed me on my
cheek... Eeehhhh?!

[Wait, R-Raz-san?! What are you...]

[Ehehe, did you know? Being kissed by a fairy will make you happy~~]

[...I-I-I see...]

[Yes! However, fairy kisses are very special. They’re only given to the
“opposite gender that we very, veeeeery love”!]

It seems that I was the only one shaken by what she did, as Raz-san seemed to be
smiling rather happily. Being kissed by a fairy will make you happy... So to
speak, is this something like a fairy’s version of Blessings?

[By the way, this is the first time Raz-san did this~~! I also love Kuromu-sama,
but Kuromu-sama is a woman after all~~]

[...I-Is that so... However, is it really fine in my case?]

[Of course~~ Kaitokun-san and Raz are a couple. We’re veeeeery close friends!]

[I-I see...]

Emphasizing the word “very”, Raz-san tells me so, sounding really happy. Her
innocent smile that was illuminated by the sunset makes her look just like a
fairy... A fairy with an atmosphere filled with loveliness and mysteriousness.
She still seems to be misunderstanding what being a couple means but... Does
this mean that if I don’t think too much about it, I can just become good
friends with Raz-san?

[Kaitokun-san! Next time, you come visit Raz’s field~~ Let’s go pick vegetables
and fruits together!]

[Eh? Ah, yes. Certainly.]

[Yayyy. I’m looking forward to it~~]

[.........]

Feeling as if all the malicious ideas in my mind disappeared, seeing Raz-san
being innocently delighted, I feel ridiculous for being strangely agitated.

---

The 12th Day of the Earth month. I was chatting with Kuro, who seemed to have
some time to spare today, while eating baby castellas, when Kuro spoke, looking
as if she suddenly remembered something.

[Speaking of which, Kaito-kun.]

[Unnn?]

[If you don’t mind... I know it’s a little late, but how about coming to visit
my place?]

[Kuro’s home?]

Kuro coming up with something out of the blue is just the usual, but her
suggestion today sounds appealing. I’ve been to the Demon Realm before, but I’ve
never been to Kuro’s home. Raz-san did invite me to see her field, and I’m
acquainted with many people living there, like Neun-san, Acht, Eve, Sechs-san
and Ein-san, so I want to visit.

Most of all, I’m curious what the home of my lover, Kuro, is like.

[...If Kuro’s fine with it, I’d like to go... but can I just go there when I
want to?]

[Don’t worry. I’ll bring you there with Teleportation Magic.]

As soon as Kuro told me this, a part of her black long coat pulsed and a black
vortex appeared in front of me, big enough for one person to pass through. So
this is how I’ll get to Kuro’s home... Then, we’ll definitely get there in no
time. Just as I was thinking this, something occurred to me.

[Arehh? But for someone to go to the Demon Realm, they would need to show a
permit to teleport through the gate, right?]

Yes, in the past, when I went to visit Isis’ home, I needed some kind of permit
to pass through the gate. If I were to compare it to my original world, the
Demon Realm would be something like a foreign country, and to go to the airport
to visit the Demon Realm, I would need to bring the permit, which acts as my
passport. That being the case, is it really alright to just teleport there?

[Hmmm. As far as it goes, you can’t teleport between words without a special
permission. But us Six Kings and our children, and some of the High-ranking
Demons have that permission.]

[Is that permission also effective towards people like me who’s accompanying
someone with permission?]

[No, each individual needed their own permissions. I think you’ll be fine
though.]

[Unnn?]

As I had imagined, it seemed that in order for a person to teleport from the
Human Realm to the Demon Realm using Teleportation Magic, they would need a
special permission... but Kuro said it should be fine. As I tilted my head in
wonder, Kuro turned her gaze to the side and called out outside the window.

[Hey, Shalltear. It’s fine, right?]

[Of course, it’d be fine. I mean, I’m the one giving the Special Permission to
Teleportation between Realms, so I can officially prepare a special permit for
Kaito-san... Here you go.]

Alice, who had appeared at Kuro’s call, took a luxurious-looking black-lacquered
card out of nowhere, wrote my name on it, and handed it to me. Ah, I see... The
one in control of who enters the Demon Realm is the Phantasmal King, Alice
huh...

---

Thanks to Alice’s quick approval, I didn’t have to worry about anything else, so
I told about my trip to Lilia-san and immediately went with Kuro to the Demon
Realm... to her home. With Kuro’s Teleportation Magic, we directly arrived in
front of her house...

[...Eh?]

In front of me, there was a huge castle that was so big I can’t fully describe
it, but it was clearly several times bigger than the royal castle of Symphonia
Kingdom. First of all, their front gate is too big. In front of the lavishly
decorated gate, which seemed to be several hundred meters tall, I don’t know if
it’s just decorative art or not, but there was a huge piece of armor around 50
meters tall. No, that just looked too extreme that rather than an armor, it
looked more like a giant robot.

[A-As expected of the richest person in the world...]

[Ahaha, no, I told them that I didn’t need such a big house... but Ein and the
others insisted on building a house this big.]

[Unnn. I guess it really had to be in regards to the dignity of being one of the
Six Kings.]

[I suppose so. Moreover, since our family has lots of members, our home needed
to be reasonably spacious.]

While I was surprised by the splendid house that’s certainly befitting to the
pinnacle of the Demon Realm, Kuro spoke with a wry smile on her face. Indeed,
there may be some of Kuro’s family that are as big as Acht, and it may be
difficult for them to live in a house that isn’t as big as this.

[Speaking of which, I don’t think I’ve asked you this before... but how big is
your family, Kuro?]

[My family is, I think... around 250,000?]

[250,000?!]

250,000... No, Kuro could be described as the oldest Demon in the world, and if
she’s lived for so many years and raised so many baby birds, she certainly must
have quite a large family... b-but for her family to be that large.

[Though I say that, not everyone lives here. Still, there’s the headquarters of
my trading company in this town, so most of the kids live there.]

[Heehhh...]

Now that she mentioned it, I was overwhelmed by the sheer size of the castle
that I hadn’t looked at the area around me... It isn’t as big as Symphonia’s
royal capital, but it’s still a reasonably large town. Most of the people who
live in this town were probably either members of Kuro’s family or people
related to them. Once again, I realized the tremendous amount of Demons Kuro
leads.

[Incidentally, that over there is also my family!]

[...Eh? Where?]

With a bright smile on her face, Kuro pointed towards the huge gate, but I
didn’t find anyone in the direction she was pointing.

[Look, over there. Oi, “Funf”! Come here.]

[I don’t see any—wait, eeeeehhhhh?!]

When Kuro called out a name and beckoned them close, the huge armor in front of
the gate approached us, its footsteps resounding like the shaking earth.

Eh? Seriously? That giant armor... isn’t just an art decoration?!

When the giant armor... Funf-san arrived in front of Kuro and me, she with a
fluid motion, she dropped down on one knee and lightly bowed her head.

[This should be the first time you met each other, right, Funf? This child is
Kaito-kun! My, errr... lover!]

[N-Nice to meet you... I’m Miyama Kaito.]

It’s humongous... This armor is humongous. This armor seriously looked like a
gigantic robot... Anyhow, it’s humongous. Other than Magnawell-san, I think this
armor would be the largest being I’ve ever seen in this world. Are they a giant,
or some kind of race like that? Anyhow, it looked intimidating.

As I greeted it with such thoughts in mind, the giant front of me suddenly lit
up and disintegrated into pieces.

[...Eh?]

[It’s also nice to meet you. I’ve heard a lot about you from Sis Ein and the
others. I’m the gatekeeper of Kuromu-sama’s castle, Funf.]

When the light cleared up, there appeared a girl dressed in a bodysuit that
clung to her skin. She’s a slender and short-statured girl, having the height of
about 150cm, short peach-colored hair, dark brown eyes and a slightly fragile
impression...

[A-Arehh? Errr...]

[Funf is good at Tempering Magic... The same kind as Neun’s, and the armor on
the front was made with that magic.]

[I-I see.]

Magic really is amazing. A giant robot over 50m instantly transformed into a
petite beauty. Seeing me nodding in understanding at Kuro’s explanation, even
though I looked rather confused, Funf-san smiled and spoke.

[I’m sorry to have startled you. However, I thought it would be impolite to meet
Miyama-sama while wearing armor... Once again, welcome to our home.
Kuromu-sama’s family greatly appreciates your visit.]

[Ah, yes. Ummm, I’m in your care.]

[I’m also in your care.]

Although I was surprised by the impact of her appearance, she feels like a calm
and polite person, as she welcomed me with a small smile on her lips. While we
exchanged some words after we introduced ourselves, Kuro called out to Funf-san.

[Funf. The ones Kaito’s acquainted with... Ein, Sechs and Raz, also Acht, Eve
and Neun, do you know where they are?]

[Sis Ein is probably doing the chores as usual... Sechs would be at the trading
company, Acht and Eve apparently went to assist in the mining of magic crystals.
Around this time, Razelia should be in her field, while Neun is probably in her
room.]

[I see, thanks.]

Now that I’ve come to visit, I’d like to greet those I’m acquainted with. It’s a
shame that Sechs-san, Acht and Eve weren’t here, but it seems that Ein-san,
Raz-san and Neun-san were here. Kuro also seemed to know that I would want to
meet everyone I knew, and after confirming that, she turned towards me and
asked.

[Kaito-kun, what do you think? Should we go visit Raz’s field first? Or perhaps,
let’s go visit Neun’s room?]

[Unnn. Since we’re already outside, I think I’d like to go visit Raz-san’s field
first.]

Since Raz-san also asked me to visit her field before, I thought this should be
the right time to do that, so I decided to head over there first to say hello.

[Well then, I’ll see you off.]

As soon as Funf-san said and held up her hand, a floating black boat appeared in
front of me and Kuro.

[Thanks, Funf.]

[T-Thank you very much.]

After confirming that Kuro got on the boat with a smile on her face, I also
thanked Funf-san and got on the boat. Thereupon, the boat started to move slowly
while floating in the sky. Then, it gradually accelerated and went around the
castle, heading towards Raz-san’s field, which I heard was behind Kuro’s home.
Moreover, the rice that Neun-san eats is also being produced by Raz-san.

That’s why, rather than a vegetable garden... I was imagining it as something
more like a large farm but...

[Hey, Kuro?]

[Unnn?]

[Raz-san’s field... which is it?]

[Eh? All of it is Raz’s field, you know?]

[.............]

The scene in front of me now isn’t even close to the level of a big farm or
something like that. I don’t know how many hectares there are just from looking
at it... but what I do know is that Raz-san’s field takes up a tremendous amount
of space. It’s hard to explain, but it was an overwhelming sight, like a small
village with fields and rice paddies as far as the eye can see. Raz-san has been
managing all of these by herself huh... Unnn, contrary to her appearance,
Raz-san is also a tremendous person.

[Aaaaahhhhhh!!!]

While I was feeling astounded by the huge field, a familiar voice rang out and a
small shadow flew towards me.

[Kaitokun-san! It’s Kaitokun-san!!!]

[Hello, Raz-san.]

[Yes! Hello, Kaitokun-san, you’ve come to visit us?]

[Yes, Kuro invited me... so I thought I’d take the opportunity to see the field
Raz-san mentioned before.]

Raz-san welcomed us with a big smile on her face, moving her tiny wings
energetically. She really is as cute and soothing to talk to as ever.

[I see! Kaitokun-san coming makes Raz really, really happy!]

[Ahaha. I’m also glad that you’re happy. I’d like to check out the field
Raz-san’s really proud of.]

When Raz-san heard my words, she expressed her joy by moving her small body with
all her might... Coupled with her small body, she’s really cute.

[Yes! Ah, but it’s a bit regrettable. Neun was helping out earlier... You
crossed paths.]

[Ahh, I see. However, don’t worry. We’re going to visit Neun afterwards.]

When Raz-san muttered that, looking rather disappointed, Kuro told Raz-san that
we were planning to visit Neun-san’s place as well, to which Raz-san’s
expression immediately brightened up to a smile.

[That’s great then. Neun also wants to meet Kaitokun-san! Ah, that’s right.
Kaitokun-san! Since you’ve come all the way here, you should try some of the
vegetables-san Raz grown!]

[Is that alright? If Raz-san’s alright with it, then most certainly.]

I was grateful for Raz-san’s generosity in offering me some of the vegetables
she had grown, but the words she spoke immediately afterwards froze me in my
tracks.

[Yes! Then, wait for a bit! Kaitokun-san, do you have a vegetable-san you hate?]

[...None.]

[Kaito-kun? Don’t you look rather pale?]

[I-I’m alright.]

Hearing Raz-san’s question reminded me of a certain ingredient... which I really
hate... That fiend called “bell pepper” is also classified as vegetable. Yes, I
know it sounds pathetic, but I really hate bell peppers. Bell peppers are the
only thing that I’m really hoping will go extinct from the bottom of my heart.
I’ve often heard that when you grow up, your taste buds change and you can eat
things you don’t like, but I’ve always hated bell peppers since I was a child.
However, I still have some pride, and if possible, I don’t want others to know
about it.

Fortunately, bell peppers aren’t vegetables you can just pluck out and eat as it
is... so it shouldn’t be possible for it to be brought out here. Rather, I’m
begging you, please don’t come out... As I was shouting in my heart, praying
just for bell peppers to not come out, Raz-san returned shortly after.

[Here, Kaitokun-san! Freshly picked tomatoes-san! I’ve cleaned them with
Cleaning Magic, so you can eat them straight! Raz’s tomatoes-san are very
tasty!]

[Thank you very much!]

I have no problem eating tomatoes. Rather, I can even say this is my favorite.
Raising a fist up within my heart, I accept the ripe tomatoes from Raz-san.

[Ayaya, seeing you that happy also makes Raz happy. Kaitokun-san likes
tomato-san huh~~]

While rejoicing in the good fortune of having my petty pride protected, I took a
bite on the tomato I received... which tasted really great. How should I say
this... I used to think tomatoes were sour... but Raz-san’s tomato is so sweet
and rich that one would think it’s a fruit. In addition, the tomato was very
fresh and chewy, making me wonder what in the world were those tomatoes I had
been eating.

[...It’s very delicious. I’ve never had such a sweet and delicious tomato
before.]

[Ehehe, Raz raised them with lots of Raz’ love, so all of Raz’ vegetable-san
were very tasty!]

Neun-san once mentioned how Raz-san grows the best crops in any environment, and
it seems that her words were true.

[Raz-san is really amazing. I respect you.]

[R-Really? Raz is amazing?]

[Yes. Raz-san is an expert at growing vegetables.]

[Yaaaaay! Kaitokun-san complimented me~~!]

Seemingly very happy to be praised by me, Raz-san raised her hands and flew
around me in circles... How should I say this... She’s really cute in every
single thing she does. Kuro also smiled at Raz-san’s reaction, as the air around
us somewhat feel gentle. Just like that, we went around the big field for a
while with Raz-san.

---

After visiting Raz-san’s field, we decided to go as planned and heading into
Kuro’s home, we went towards Neun-san’s room. I had already expected it just
from looking at her home from the outside, but the inside was very spacious.

Kuro’s home... which could already be described as castle, was divided into
several areas, and the place we’re heading for today would be the residential
area... the place where the private rooms of the people who live in this house
are located.

[How many rooms were there in this castle?]

[There aren’t that many rooms. Each one of the rooms are just spacious.]

[Spacious, you say, how spacious?]

[Unnn, it varies a bit depending on the occupant’s body size... but it’s a
little bigger than a normal house, I think?]

I don’t know how many times I’ve said this, but as to be expected of the world’s
richest person... her standards are off the digit. She’s even saying stuff like
each individual being given a room as big as a house... I mean, if the private
rooms were of that size, the castle really would need to be this huge...

[But with a place this big, is the cleaning of this place alright?]

[Ahh, I just leave all that to Ein.]

[...I see.]

I wonder why? I don’t know what it is about this persuasive power that just
mentioning Ein-san makes me think that there wouldn’t be any problem...

After we walked for a while, it seemed like we arrived in our destination as
Kuro stopped in front of a door.

[This is Neun’s room.]

[...It’s a Japanese-style sliding door.]

[Made under Neun’s request. Now, let’s go in.]

[Eh? No, how about knocking first?]

[Let’s leave knocking for later, I guess?]

[U-Unnn?]

I didn’t understand what Kuro meant when she opened the door without knocking...
but my question was answered when I saw what Neun-san’s room was like behind the
door. I see... with a room like this, knocking certainly wouldn’t have any
meaning. Behind the door, I found a Japanese-style garden with a small pond and
gravel all around the place, and further within the room was a wooden building.
She even got a garden... I’m going to say this again because it’s important, but
she has a garden within her private room.

[Amazing... This was also requested by Neun-san?]

[Unnn. She said she doesn’t mind if her room got smaller, but she wanted to have
that porch.]

[Heehhh...]

I see, a porch huh... For Neun-san, a former Japanese, relaxing on her porch
might be the most comfortable. I can understand how she felt. Nodding to Kuro’s
explanation, I walked along the stone pavement on top of the gravel to the place
that looked like the main house. Thereupon, just as Kuro said, seated on the
porch... was Neun-san, wearing a rough kimono, which seemed to be her casual
clothing, and was currently eating something.

[Hnn~~ I knew changing the red bean was the right choice instead! This taste,
it’s splendid. Haahhh~~ Anmitsu really is the best after a hard day’s work. I
also can’t help but feel uplifted. I feel like I could do anything! Like
perhaps, saying stuff like... Ehehe, I totes love... anmitsu... Eh?]

[..........]

[..........]

Bringing a portion of the anmitsu into her mouth, Neun-san mumbled while her
body happily wiggled, but upon noticing me and Kuro, she stiffened. Then, after
a very heavy silence, Neun-san turned pale and she began to tremble, sweating
profusely.

[...Kuromu-sama? Kaito-san? A-Arehh? S-Since when are you...]

[Ah, errr...]

Neun-san was trembling so much that she looked pitiful to watch, Kuro looked a
little troubled and hesitant to say anything.

[...From that time you said changing the red bean was the right choice.]

It’s not that I’m trying to help Kuro who’s having a hard time saying it. It’s
just that the silence is too heavy for me to bear, so I told her, to which the
blood drained from Neun-san’s face. After a few moments of silence with her face
turning from blue to white, Neun-san crouched down with her hands covering her
face.

[...Please just kill me already.]

[Neun?! Get a hold of yourself! It’s alright, everyone has times when they get
excited! Right, Kaito-kun?]

[S-She’s right! No, rather, what happened just now wasn’t even close to a
blunder!]

As Neun-san is on the verge of breaking down in shame, Kuro and I are doing our
best to make her feel better. In fact, from my point of view, I thought I got to
see a cute side of Neun-san... but it seems that she is so embarrassed that she
wants to die. Indeed, Neun-san is usually like a Yamato Nadeshiko, a prim and
proper lady... Arehh? But she had already seen such pathetic appearances before,
like that time when she got excited over tofu, or that time back in the Sacred
Tree Festival... No! Let’s forget about that for now! I should just do
everything I can to encourage Neun-san!

After a while of trying to support her with Kuro, Neun-san somehow managed to
get back on her feet. She then welcomed Kuro and me, and we were currently
having tea in the living room of the wooden building. This living room also has
a tatami mat flooring in a pure Japanese-style, a style which is very typical of
Neun-san.

[...I see, you’ve been to Raz-sama’s field huh. Have you been to Acht-sama and
Eve-sama’s room?]

[Ah, no.]

[Sechs is in the usual place, but it seems that Acht and Eve were apparently
helping out in the mining for the magic tool trading company’s magic crystals.]

We had a quick chat about today’s events over a cup of gently tasting Japanese
tea.

[Speaking of which, Kuro. I just got curious, but do many of your family work
for the Seditch Magic Trading Company?]

[Unnn. I can’t say everyone doing business works there, but many of them help
out. As for the ones that Kaito-kun knows, Sechs is the acting chairman, while
Acht and Eve mine for the magic crystals used for magic tools.]

[Heehhh... Then, what about Neun-san?]

Ein-san, of course, is a maid, Raz-san works in her field, while Sechs, Acht and
Eve work in the magic tools trade... So, what does Neun-san usually do? When I
asked such a meager question...

[.........]

[Eh? Arehh?]

Something kinda feels wrong with the atmosphere now... Arehh? Was this a topic I
shouldn’t have asked about?

[...E-Errr, Neun is...]

[...I don’t have... a regular job.]

[.........]

This is bad, I totally stepped on a landmine. W-What should I do, the mood feels
really heavy... I-I should say something.

[Look, Kaito-kun. Neun is the First Hero. Her face is widely known and she can’t
just do her job in her armor.]

[A-Ahhh, I see! It would certainly be a big deal if they found out Neun-san’s
true identity, so it’d be hard for her to work even if she tried... but if she
doesn’t have a source of income, wouldn’t she have trouble in her daily life?]

...Why the heck am I persisting through this topic?! Moreover, why am I pressing
this topic on Neun-san?! This is bad, I totally blundered. Perhaps, I’m also
about to blow my fuse. When Neun-san heard my words, she looked as if she was
about to faint... But even so, she still honestly answered my question.

[...Through... my allowance.]

[...Eh?]

[...Ummm... Our family... receives an allowance of 1 gold coin from Kuromu-sama
at the beginning of each month... As for luxuries... I don’t... have such
things... so even when I don’t work...]

I now regret asking this question from the bottom of my heart. There are some
things in this world that are not to be known. Unnn, ummm, how should I say
this... The Hero for everyone in this world, the First Hero, had unexpectedly
become a NEET.

Rather, Kuro’s family... they’re being treated very well huh. Food and shelter
guaranteed at the highest level, and a monthly allowance of a million yen from
Kuro... How should I say this... This is an environment Fate-san would be
envious with.

[B-But, you see, Neun sometimes accompanies me as my guard, and she works very
well.]

Seeing Neun-san getting depressed again, Kuro hurriedly tried to support her. I
don’t feel like her acting as Kuro’s guard had any meaning, but of course, in
this situation, I don’t think I can say something like that.

[T-That’s right! Besides, you’re also helping Raz-san with her field too, right?
You’ve got a proper job there then!]

Yes, it’s not that she doesn’t want to work, it was just that her willingness to
work is only hindered by the fact that she’s too famous. One can’t call her a
NEET, nor can anyone call her pathetic. Trying to support her with such thoughts
in mind, a new visitor arrived right at that moment.

[Neun~~]

[...R-Raz-sama?! Ah, ummm, now is...]

Seeing Raz-san appear in the room with a bright smile on her face, Neun-san
became flustered for some reason.

[Thank you for helping me out in the field today. Here, “your reward”.]

[...Ah, no, ummm... you don’t really... have to give me a reward.]

[Eh? I-Is something the matter, Neun?! A-Are you sick? You can just receive them
like usual, then buy yourself lots of yokan-san and manju-san, you
know?[^yokan]]

RAZ-SAAAAAAN?! Please stop! Even if that’s the usual coarse of events, my
presence here means you doing that will cause Neun-san damage enough to die!
Thereupon, after she gave up and nodded her head, looking rather crestfallen,
Neun-san left with the words “I’ll leave for a moment” before walking away.

[...Errr, Kuro?]

[...Neun is the youngest child in the family, and everyone adores her very much.
If she were to help them out a little bit, they’ll give her a reward. I mean,
there were many who would ask for her help just to give her a reward.]

If you were to just hear about this situation, that would have been really
heart-warming... but in the current situation, Neun-san is literally a jobless
person who helps out with the chores to earn a reward, which she uses to buy and
eat snacks, and having that found out by me was a dreadnought-class
embarrassment play. I mean, I’ve actually been under Lilia-san’s care for a
while, so I can’t really say anything towards Neun-san... but for the shy
Neun-san, letting me, who’s not even a family member, just a friend, know about
this might have been quite shocking for her.

As I was thinking about how to comfort Neun-san, she returned... “dressed in all
white, bringing a short sword with her”.

[...Ummm, Neun-san?]

[...I’ll leave the beheading to you.]

[Please calm down!]

After that, needless to say, Kuro, Raz-san and I tried our best to appease
Neun-san, who was about to commit seppuku out of shame.

After leaving Neun-san’s room, I went to greet Ein-san, being introduced to
Kuro’s family, and went to eat delicious dinner with them, and before I knew it,
it was already night time. As I was thinking that it was time to go back to
Lilia-san’s mansion, Kuro told me that she had a place she wanted to take me to
finish off the day.

[...Whoa, that’s some starry sky.]

[Fufufu, I used a magic here that’s a little special. I made it so that it
blocks out the excess light around us so that we can see the stars better.]

Kuro brought me to a small space on the roof of her home. Just as Kuro said, we
could see the beautiful starry sky here... I know it sounds a bit cliché, but
it’s so beautiful that it almost sucks you in.

[That’s right. I need to take that out.]

[Oh, that tatami’s coming out again huh.]

Appearing from the ripples under Kuro’s coat was the same tatami mat Kuro and I
used when we first gazed at the night sky together, and sitting next to each
other, we looked at the starry sky.

[...Hey, Kaito-kun. Do you remember? The first day Kaito-kun came to this world,
you and I looked up at the night sky like this.]

[Of course, I remember.]

There’s no way I would forget about it. After all, that day—was where it
started. The dazzling glitter of my happy days in this world...

[At that time, this is what I told you, right? Let’s start a story with you as
the protagonist.]

[...Yeah.]

Saying this with a gentle voice, Kuro leaned her body against mine. Her small
hand placed on my hand, the warmth coming from my shoulder made me feel
inexplicably affectionate.

[...I may be being egotistic, but this is what I thought. It’s because I told
you that back then... that I can have this happy moment now.]

[You’re not being egotistic.]

Yes, she isn’t being egotistic, what she said is a fact. If Kuro hadn’t told me
that back then, my story would probably have remained closed. If I hadn’t met
Kuro, I wouldn’t have been able to change at all.

[...The future really is unknown huh. At first, I was only thinking of helping
Kaito-kun. I was just trying to make your year a little more enjoyable, after
all the trouble I’ve caused you... but you ended up saving me instead.]

[If you’re going to say it like that, it was Kuro who saved me first.]

[Then, let’s put it this way then? Because I had saved Kaito-kun, Kaito-kun had
saved me. Because Kaito-kun directed your love for me, I was able to convey my
love for Kaito-kun... Somehow... that sounds great.]

[Unnn.]

With her leaning against my body, I moved my hand towards her shoulder and
hugged her close. Kuro kept on leaning against me without resisting, and a happy
and peaceful atmosphere enveloped us both.

[...Actually, this place has been specially created by me... and no one else has
ever been here before.]

[Really?]

A small space on the roof of her castle... If Kuro’s words were correct, there
must be some kind of barrier placed here.

[...When I decided to name myself Kuromueina... I didn’t have this house at that
time, but I watched the night sky like this from this place.]

[Then, I guess this is where Kuro’s beginning started?]

[Unnn... That’s why, from then on, it’s always been my dream to watch the night
sky with someone next to me in this place...]

After looking at the starry sky once, Kuro turned her head towards me and as her
beautiful golden eyes stared at me, she spoke.

[Thank you, Kaito-kun. For meeting me... and for loving me... I love you.]

[I love you too, Kuro.]

After saying those warm words brimming with blessed love, seemingly permeating
within the depths of our heart, no further words were necessary anymore as I
felt myself drawn towards Kuro, who had her eyes closed, I brought my face close
to hers... and under the light of the starry sky, I put my lips on hers, she who
I love more than anymore else.

[^yokan]:
    Yokan and Manju is a Japanese sweats. Yokan is a sweet made of red bean
    paste, agar, and sugar. It is usually sold in a block form, and eaten in
    slices. While Manju is a bun filled with usually sweet fillings.
