---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 1: Kuromueina

Where Alice and I moved to... was on Magnawell-san’s face. Moreover, we’re not
the only people here. There were also three shadows on Magnawell-san’s head that
were staring at us... Isis-san, Lillywood-san and Megiddo-san. This means...
Now, all the Six Kings other than Kuro have gathered here... Seriously, what in
the world is about to happen?

[...Everyone, thank you for your patience. As I expected, things were going as
we planned...]

“Is that so. It’s a lot sooner than we expected... Where’s Ein-san?”

[...She refused. If there’s any chance that it might harm Kuro-san, she really
won’t comply...]

[...I see... I will... respect... Kaito’s wish.]

Hearing the words Alice slowly told them, Lillywood-san and Isis-san spoke with
serious expression on their faces. I can feel the tension in their voices...
Lillywood-san mentioned that it was under their expectations, but does that mean
they had originally expected that this situation would happen?

[Isn’t it fine?! We don’t have to waste time on this! Isn’t this that situation
where we can just bet on whether it’s a hit or a break?!]

“...No, you’re not breaking anything. Are you even trying to be witty, Megiddo?”

In response to Megiddo-san boldly saying that, Magnawell-san replies, somewhat
dumbfounded. When I’m tilting my head, not understanding the situation, Alice
turns to me and spoke.

[Kaito-san, I know you’re confused by the suddenness of the situation... But we
really want to tell you a story before tomorrow.]

[...A story?]

[Yes, I’ve said it before. When Kaito-san is going through ordeals... is to when
you present yourself and challenge her depths...]

This situation looks so serious right now, so I’ll hold on to the tsukkomi that
it was the fake Phantasmal King who told me that, not Alice. Kuro’s depths...
Could it have something to do with Kuro’s identity that’s wrapped in mystery? As
I was thinking about this, Alice kept her eyes on me and continued to speak.

[First of all... Kaito-san. I’m going to tell you a secret that only a select
few in this world know.]

[...Secret?]

[Yes. Kaito-san, you have heard that all of us Six Kings were close, right?]

[Eh? Y-Yeah...]

What Alice said was something I’ve heard from Lilia-san, and not only that, I’ve
seen them being close to each other with my own eyes. The Six Kings are all very
close, all of them call each other out, and they look more like friends rather
than fellow kings.

[...Us being close, in a way, you could say that it’s natural. After all, even
though we are of different species, we are “family”...]

[...Eh?]

The words Alice announced startled me. Family? The Six Kings are to each other?
...Putting aside their appearance, their races are clearly different, but it
doesn’t feel like she’s lying at all. The proof of this is that Isis-san and the
others are nodding in silence to affirm Alice’s words. And as for me, those
words... I think the words “even though we are of different species, we are
family” sounds familiar. I also heard those words when I went to that
barbecue... That means...

[Yes, it’s as Kaito-san imagines. Me, Isis-san, Lillywood-san, Megiddo-san and
Magnawell-san... She may not be here, but also Ein-san... Everyone of us used to
be “Kuro-san’s baby birds”.]

[?!]

[All of us here and Ein-san are Kuro-san’s first baby birds... And who, 20,000
years ago, fought alongside her in her fight against the God Realm.]

[?!]

My feelings right now... the word “speechless” perfectly fits. The Six Kings are
all baby birds raised by Kuro and it seems that they’ve also participated in the
battle between the Demon Realm and the God Realm that Chronois-san spoke of.

The Six Kings are all Kuro’s former baby birds, while I was stunned by Alice’s
words as she told me that... Alice continued to speak with a serious tone.

[Let’s put aside the battle with the God Realm for now, as it isn’t really that
relevant right now. What’s important is that we’ve all known Kuro-san for a long
time... and we naturally know what she wishes.]

[.........]

Kuro once told me in the Spirits’ Forest that there was something she had always
wanted, but couldn’t have. In the end, I still didn’t know what it was until
now... And I honestly can’t even imagine what exactly it is that Kuro can’t get.
After a brief pause, Alice continues to speak with her face slightly down. It
wasn’t just Alice, but also Isis-san, Megiddo-san, and Magnawell-san as well...
though I couldn’t see Magnawell-san’s face, but all of them looked chagrined.

[...You can already see from the fact that Kuro-san is still looking for it
right now.... Even now, we still couldn’t find the one she wanted...]

[The one Kuro wanted?]

[...Yes. That’s because our power isn’t enough... From Kaito-san’s point of
view, we may appear overwhelmingly powerful. But still, “it’s still not even
close to reaching Kuro-san’s feet”... I will clearly say it now. Even if the
five of us fought with all of our strength and risk our lives for it, we
wouldn’t be able to inflict a single wound on Kuro-san... That’s how large the
difference in power is.]

[?!]

I obviously knew that Kuro was strong, and from Megiddo-san’s reaction to her
arrival at that time, I understood that she was superior to the other Six Kings.
However, I didn’t think that even if all the other Six Kings, all having
abilities beyond common sense, were to work together, they wouldn’t be able to
inflict a single wound on her.

[Kuro-san is the only being in this world... that can kill the absolute God,
Shallow Vernal-sama. Her dimension of power is clearly different from ours.]

This world’s most powerful being, Shiro, who has near-omnipotent power... can be
killed by Kuro. How strong is she? I honestly can’t even picture it in my head.
Thereupon, Alice moved her gaze away from the ground... and staring at the empty
skies, she muttered with a sad voice.

[However, she is... too kind. Treating dearly those who live in the world and
loving the changing world... She’s a helplessly kind person... And ironically,
that’s also what has resulted in Kuro-san’s continuous suffering.]

[...Kuro’s suffering? What does that...]

[I can’t say any more than that. If I tell you, I’m sure Kaito-san will stand in
front of Kuro-san with that in mind... and it wouldn’t have any meaning
anymore.]

[It would lose its meaning?]

[Yes... You can just be yourself above all else and stay true to yourself as you
tell Kuro-san how you feel for her... I believe that is the only way to save
Kuro-san.]

I don’t know... Neither what Alice is saying, nor what Kuro is seeking... I
completely don’t know. However, Alice said that Kuro is in trouble and she wants
me to save her... Then, I don’t need to think about anything else. If Kuro needs
help, I can do something about it... I would struggle to the death to reach my
hand out to Kuro. There’s no need to be puzzled about anything.

[...Kaito-san... You really are quite the fantastic person... Here.]

[What’s this?]

As if to see the intentions gathered in my mind, Alice smiled and held out... A
shiny, golden fruit, and since she’s giving it to me, I reflexively received it.

[Before you tell Kuro-san of your feelings, please give it to her... and I’m
sure, no, Kuro-san will definitely... “reject” you.]

[...Eh?]

No, no, I’m trying to tell her my feelings here, so wouldn’t it be all useless
if she will definitely reject me...

[That person has been seeking for that being for too long. Hundreds of years,
thousands of years, tens of thousands of years... A long time has passed to the
point that she judged it as impossible and gave up on it... That’s why, even if
such a miracle appears in front of her, she won’t be able to believe it. I’m
sure you’d also feel terrified of being suddenly offered something that you’ve
been looking for and haven’t been able to get.]

[.........]

[And that’s when the real match begins. Kuro-san will strongly reject you.
However, turning that around, the depths hidden beneath Kuro-san’s heart that
she usually keeps hidden will come out... What you will do at that time, I will
leave it to Kaito-san. Find out what Kuro-san truly feels, and then, reveal the
answer.]

[...Alright.]

As usual, I don’t know what that means. However, I’ve long been ready for this.
In short... I guess that means Kuro is just like me, hiding her true feelings in
the shell she created for herself so long ago, and even she can’t break it
anymore. Of course, the years that have piled up in our shells are different,
and the shell hiding the depths of Kuro’s heart is incomparable to mine...
However, Kuro saved me at that time... In that case, what I’m going to do here
is already decided.

Sensing my intentions, Alice deeply nodded.

[...Well then, let’s move on to the main issue as to why we brought you here
today.]

[Eh? The main issue?]

[Yes... As I said before, Kuro-san’s power is on a different level than ours. No
matter how strong Kaito-san’s heart is, if Kuro-san seriously rejects you...
Kaito-san’s body won’t be able to withstand it. You will be crushed by
Kuro-san’s magic power.]

When I heard those words, all I could think of was what happened when Kuro had
put a little bit of killing intent into her magic power to find out what my
Sympathy Magic was before... At that time, I felt so close to death that it felt
like my mind would break... That’s how powerful Kuro’s magic power is if it’s
filled with hostility. If she really puts her killing intent into it, it’s so
powerful that it even surpasses Isis-san’s magic power of death...

As I think about this, Alice holds out her hand...and creates a shining sphere
in front of her hand.

[...That’s why, Kaito-san. We will now... lend our magic power to you.]

[...Ehh?]

[We will use our magic power to apply a powerful Defensive Magic to Kaito-san.
Even so, you won’t be able to last long against Kuro-san... but with this, I
don’t think you won’t faint the moment you confront her.]

After telling me this, Alice walks up to me and lets the sphere created by her
magic power touch my body. As the extraordinarily powerful magic power flow into
my body, I felt it create a membrane around me, and Alice, taking off her mask
in front of me... looks at me with her blue eyes.

[...Shalltear... In the words of “the world I used to live in”, it means “a
fragment of an illusion”... You have made me, who was only an empty illusion,
into a definite me, Alice... That’s why, please, more than anything... I wish
for you a happy ending...]

[...Alice.]

Saying that, Alice puts her mask back on and moves away. Thereupon, Megiddo-san
walks in front of me next with his own sphere made of magic power just like
Alice had.

[Kaito... You’re an interesting fellow. You better not lose here, we still
haven’t done my revenge match yet...]

[...Megiddo-san.]

As Megiddo-san’s magic power is sucked into my body, the next thing I heard is
the majestic voice beneath my feet.

“Challenging unprecedented feats... All these recklessness fits just right with
you youngsters... Miyama Kaito... The young otherworlder holding a strange
destiny... Venture forth.”

[...Magnawell-san.]

Magnawell-san’s magic power that emerged from below my feet flowed into my body,
further strengthening the membrane covering my body.

“...Kaito-san. Kuromueina... is the being that could be said to be as our
mother, so please, I leave her to you.”

[...Lillywood-san.]

Along with the words Lillywood-san gently said, Lillywood-san’s magic power also
flowed into my body. And then, as Lillywood-san walks away from me.... Isis-san
slowly approaches.

[...Kaito... save... Kuromueina... Kuromueina has been... suffering... longer
than I have.]

[...Isis-san.]

[...If it’s Kaito... I’m sure it will be alright... After all... Kaito... was
the one who saved me...]

Saying that, Isis-san gently hugged my body, and at the same time, her warm
magic power flowed into my body. In the end, I still have no clue about what
Kuro wished. However, I think that what everyone of the Six Kings entrusted to
me wasn’t just their magic power, for held within it—are everyone’s wishes.

---

I have returned to Alice’s shop through Teleportation Magic. It seems that my
body is currently surrounded with a Defensive Magic made from the magic power of
all the Six Kings other than Kuro, but I honestly can’t see any changes around
me.

[...It would have been nice if Ein-san had actually also helped out with this
but...]

[...You did say that Ein-san refused, didn’t you?]

[Yes, she flatly refused... saying she wasn’t interested in accepting my call.]

[I see...]

For Ein-san, who has sworn her utmost loyalty to Kuro and puts her first in
everything, what I’m doing is an act of intruding Kuro’s heart... It doesn’t
seem like it’s something she would approve. I don’t intend to whitewash it and
say that what I’m doing is for Kuro’s sake... It doesn’t matter if Alice asked
me earlier or not, because I’m confessing that I’m in love with Kuro because
that is what I feel. I think it would be disrespectful to Kuro if it wasn’t.

As I was thinking about this, I heard the door of the general store open, a door
that is rarely visited by customers.

[...Excuse me.]

[Wha?!]

[Ein-san?!]

The person who walked into the store was Ein-san, who had just come up in the
conversation. Ein-san walked straight over to us and stopped in front of the
astonished Alice and I, turning her light purple eyes to me with a cold
expression on her face.

[...Kaito-sama, I’ll go ahead and ask for myself. Are you going to have second
thoughts now?]

[...Please wait, Ein-san. What are you going to do with that kind of
information?]

Hearing her announce so with a cold voice, as if there’s no emotion held in it,
I involuntarily step back, while Alice quickly stands in front of me and glares
at Ein-san. The air between the two sides of the tense conversation seemed to
creak... Alice even had a knife in her hand before I knew it, as if she was
going to cut Ein-san depending on her response.

[...Shalltear. For the time being, I’ll clear up the misunderstandings in your
mind. What you have told me before, it’s not like I’m thinking it’s impossible
for Kaito-sama... I think he would have around a 50% chance of succeeding.]

[Then, why won’t you help us?]

[It’s simple. It’s because it isn’t 100%.]

[?!]

As they stared at each other, Ein-san and Alice sharply exchanged words. When
Alice asks why she won’t cooperate, Ein-san nonchalantly replies that it’s
because our chances aren’t 100%.

[If the results of Kaito-sama’s actions bear fruit, Kuromu-sama will be saved...
but that doesn’t matter at all. Now, if Kuromu-sama has even a fragment of
possibility of being hurt... Did you think I would overlook that?]

[...What are you planning to do to Kaito-san?]

[I’m not going to hurt him. All I will do is just persuade him. Just so he could
reconsider, “I will just have to persuade him no matter how many hours, days,
years”... If it’s with my abilities, I can do that.]

[Wha?! Are you seriously saying that?!]

Perhaps, no... I’m sure, Ein-san can manipulate time. That’s why, what she’s
saying isn’t a bluff. While the atmosphere around Alice is getting angrier,
nevertheless, Ein-san remains calm and stares at me.

[Kaito-sama, please take into account what I just said... and reconsider it once
again. Are you going to have second thoughts now?]

[...I don’t.]

[...Is that so... No, I guess I should rather say I should have expected this...
It can’t be helped.]

[?!]

No matter what Ein-san says... I’m not going to change my decision. I don’t have
any lofty reasons or cool thoughts... It’s just because I love Kuro... Just
because I can’t give up on Kuro... Just because of that. Hearing my words,
Ein-san quietly nodded and then, pointed her hand at me. In response to her
movement, Alice instantly stepped in between us but... In the next moment, a
sphere of magic power appeared in front of her hand, the same sphere I received
from Alice and the others.

[...Eh?]

While Alice sounded startled, the sphere of magic power left Ein-san’s hand and
flowed into my body.

[...Ein-san?]

[If it was the me from before, I would have done what I just said earlier... It
seems like my mind has also been poisoned by you huh... Making me want to bet on
something I shouldn’t have. So, for once in my life, and only this one time... I
will break my self-imposed rules.]

With a smile so small that one wouldn’t have been able to tell if they don’t pay
attention, Ein-san quickly turns on her heel. Looking at Ein-san, who is about
to leave, as if her business is over, Alice lets out a big sigh and mutters.

[That helps us. To be honest, If I were to fight against Ein-san with most of my
magic power drained, it’s going to be difficult to protect Kaito-san.]

[...Stop saying random things. It may just be me who is thinking of this but...
After Shallow Vernal-sama and Kuromu-sama, I believe that you are the third most
powerful being in the world... If I had been unyielding with my values, you
would have taken out some sort of “trump card” you have, don’t you?]

[...I don’t know, why are you asking me that? Don’t you think you’re just
overestimating me?]

Hearing the words Ein-san indifferently said, Alice unseriously shook her head.
Not arguing with her taunting attitude, Ein-san walks to the door, where she
stops once and speaks without looking back.

[Kaito-sama. If you hurt Kuromu-sama, no matter what the outcome will be... I
will not forgive you.]

[...Yes.]

[...However, if you saved Kuromu-sama... that debt... I will never forget it for
the rest of my life. I will definitely repay it.]

[...Eh?]

[I wish you good luck...]

Saying those few words of support, Ein-san left the general store.

---

It had been a little while since Ein-san left and I was thinking about leaving
too, when Alice spoke to me in a calm voice.

[Kaito-san, do you remember... when I asked you if there’s power dwelling within
our hearts?]

[Eh? Yeah, I think it was when we met at the gate, right?]

The words Alice told me in the form of the Phantasmal King when we encountered
each other for the third time at the gate after I returned from the Demon Realm.
At that time, I hadn’t thought much about it, but Alice seems to want to tell me
something.

[...There’s power dwelling in the heart. If your heart is strong, you can
perform as many miracles as you want.]

[...Alice?]

[These are the words of an idiot who was weak and not strong enough... defeating
the upper echelons using fighting spirit and willpower, and along with the bonds
she formed and some few tricks, before she knew it, she was called a “hero”.
Please take this to heart.]

[...Got it.]

I didn’t know what the heck her analogy was about. However, I don’t know if
that’s something that strangely happened in real life or not, because it sounds
as if that is something she had personally experienced. Speaking of which, she
also mentioned that phrase “the world I was in”... It seems that Alice still has
a few more secrets she’s hiding.

[Please do your best. I will be rooting for you. From the bottom of my heart...]

[...Thanks.]

Even so, this isn’t the right time to question it... For right now, unnn. Let’s
just think about Kuro. I think that would also be the best way to thank Alice
for her sincere support...

On the way back from Alice’s general store... I decided to walk home without
using Teleportation Magic so that I could clear up my thoughts. All of the Six
Kings are part of Kuro’s family... and Kuro had a wish she wanted to fulfill...
There’s still so much I don’t know about Kuro. Thinking about this, this is the
first time I realized that there are many aspects of Kuro that I don’t know
about.

I’d like to get some more information about this matter if it’s possible, but I
wonder what I should do? Alice has probably given me all the information I
needed to know about the situation. However, I’d like to know more about the
Kuro back then if it’s possible.

As I was walking along with such a thought in mind, I suddenly saw a familiar
man smoking at the end of the road.

[...Ozma-san?]

[Yaa, Miyama-kun. What a coincidence... You saved me the trouble of visiting
your place.]

[Eh?]

[No, you see, it may not be of much use to you, but Uncle here has spent a
uselessly long amount of time in this world, so I thought I’d give you some
advice and some information.]

With a gentle smile on his face, Ozma-san extinguished his cigarette on his
portable ashtray before continuing.

[How about we talk about this over a cup of coffee? Of course, Uncle here will
treat you.]

[Ah, yes.]

Nodding in response to Ozma-san’s words, I followed him. After a short walk, we
found a store that looked like a coffee shop and went inside to take a seat. I
still don’t know what Ozma-san’s intentions were, but I have a feeling that what
I’m about to hear will be very important to me.

[...Now then, where should I start? I guess it would be what Miyama-kun is
wondering about huh... Who exactly is this Uncle sitting in front of you, that
is?]

That’s certainly something I’m curious about. Ozma-san had been very kind to me,
and he seemed like a respectful adult, and even though he claimed to be a
middle-aged Demon you can find anywhere, I personally think he should be a
pretty awesome Demon. The reason why I thought of this is because of that
incident with Alice. Ozma-san is acquainted with the Phantasmal King, Alice, and
had also seen the true face of Alice, whose identity was supposed to be unknown.

[Well, you may have already guessed to some extent, but even though Uncle here
looked like this, I’m still a Count-rank Demon. As for my position, I follow
Master Megiddo... you could say I’m one of the War King’s subordinates.]

[Errr, perhaps... are you one of the War King’s Five Generals?]

[That’s right. I’m called the Peaceful Sky Ozma. But you see, Uncle here doesn’t
have much aspiration like the others, so people don’t usually notice it.]

Ozma-san’s true identity is that he’s one of the War King’s Five Generals... but
even when I heard that, I’m not really that surprised. Rather, I feel like
things were making sense.

[...Master Megiddo and Bacchus-kun really troubled you in this incident. Master
Megiddo is well, as you had seen, and Bacchus-kun isn’t a bad child, but he’s a
little inflexible with that warrior temperament of his. I’m sorry that they’ve
scared you, Miyama-kun.]

[No, err, I don’t really mind it that much, and after all that happened, I think
I’m getting along well with Megiddo-san.]

[Ahaha, I guess that’s like Miyama-kun. It seems that Master Megiddo liked you a
lot too.]

After smiling somewhat happily, Ozma-san took a sip of his coffee and his
expression turned serious.

[Well, let me get straight to the point... Uncle here has been a member of
Master Megiddo’s camp the longest. I’ve already been “his subordinate while
Master Megiddo was still living with his family”.]

[?!]

[Uncle here wasn’t raised by Underworld King-sama... so I can’t say I’m part of
her family, but I did know what Underworld King-sama was like back then. Exactly
because I wasn’t in her family though that I could tell you a different
perspective, and that’s why I called you here.]

Now that I’ve heard his words, thinking back, Ozma-san called Alice “Phantasmal
King-sama” instead of her name. Considering the fact that he only calls
Megiddo-san “master”, he must have been keeping a certain distance from Kuro and
the others. If that’s the case, then there’s no one better to ask about Kuro
from a third party’s point of view, and as I turned towards Ozma-san with high
expectations in mind, he wryly smiled before he continued.

[It’s just Uncle’s personal view regarding Underworld King-sama.... but I think
she’s like the God of the Demon Realm.]

[...The God?]

[Unnn, Underworld King-sama has always been the strongest. Her power is so
immense... that no one is comparable to her.]

Alice did mention something like this before. She said that Kuro’s power was on
a different level from that of the other members of the Six Kings... and that
even if the other members of the Six Kings were to gang up on her, they wouldn’t
be able to defeat Kuro... Not only that, Chronois-san also mentioned how Kuro
had fought Shiro-san to a draw in the previous battle between the God Realm and
the Demon Realm. Shiro-san is the undisputed World Creator, and her power is
near omnipotent. That means, Kuro also had power that’s near omnipotent...

[But even though she has such great power, she’s so much kinder than anyone
else... She’s so compassionate that you could say she’s naive. At least, she
didn’t have any intention of ruling the Demon Realm. No matter how the world
turned out, she would continue to love it. That’s how Uncle saw it.]

Kuro certainly doesn’t seem like she’d be interested in ruling the Demon Realm.
Arehh? But if that were the case... How in the world did Kuro become known as
the Underworld King? She told me that she didn’t name herself Underworld King.
However, it seemed like Kuro accepted the position... “as if it’s something that
can’t be helped, so she just resigned herself to accepting it”...

Perhaps sensing my doubts, Ozma-san took out a cigarette, lit it in his mouth,
and began to speak in response to my question.

[...In the past, about 20,000 years ago, the Demon Realm was a chaotic world,
where the weak are meat for the strong to eat.]

[...I-Is that so?]

[Unnn. Power... A person’s might is everything. The strong will rise to the top,
while the weak need to be under the protection of the strong, else they will be
weeded out... It was such a bleak world. Accepting it as one of the ways of the
Demon Realm, the Underworld King-sama just watched over everyone. However, there
was someone who tried to change the way the world was.]

[............]

The old Demon realm that Ozma-san talks about might be closer to the image I had
of the Demon Realm before I came to this world.

[...The person that changed the Demon Realm was the Phantasmal King-sama.]

[Eh? Alice did?!]

I was surprised when an unexpected name popped up... but come to think of it,
when I first heard about the Phantasmal King from Lillywood-san, she said that
“the Phantasmal King prioritizes the world before everything else”.

[In fact, Phantasmal King-sama’s skills were nothing short of brilliant. In less
than a hundred years, just as she declared, she created order in the vast Demon
Realm. The pseudo-ranking system of Peerage Ranks, the extremely important Six
Kings...The one who created the foundation of the current Demon Realm is
definitely Phantasmal King-sama.]

Thereupon, Ozma-san broke off his words and his gaze looked far into a distance,
seemingly feeling nostalgic about the past, before he looked at me straight into
the eyes and continued.

[...And here’s the most important part of the story. At that time, Phantasmal
King-sama asked her family...to become the symbols for the Demon Realm. Elder
Sis Ein was the only one who refused, and thus, the current Six Kings was
formed... Since then, Phantasmal King-sama “seemed to be feeling guilt” towards
Underworld King-sama.]

[...That means...]

[Uncle here isn’t as close to Underworld King-sama as Phantasmal King-sama is,
so I don’t know much about the Underworld King-sama’s wishes. However, the fact
that the normally dry Phantasmal King-sama is a little lenient towards
Underworld King-sama... Uncle thinks it might have something to do with that
guilt.]

Hearing those words, I understood what Ozma-san was trying to say. Ozma-san is
trying to give me a hint about the current situation. Kuro’s wish, what Kuro
desires... At the moment when she took up the position of one of the Six Kings,
I think it has become something difficult to obtain. That’s why Alice, who had
indirectly interfered with her wish when she made Kuro the Underworld King,
feels guilty towards Kuro.

[...That’s all Uncle can tell you. I’m sure Phantasmal King-sama had already
told you this, but Underworld King-sama will reject you. She will then run away
from Miyama-kun... “The tragedy that happened back then” must have left a big
impression on Underworld King-sama after all.]

[...The tragedy that happened back then?]

[...Sorry. That’s something I can’t tell you. That event could be described as a
taboo in this world, where only a few people in this world knows about. But
well, if you managed to get close to Underworld King-sama’s heart, I’m sure
you’ll know about it someday.]

Ozma-san’s story ended there. I gained a lot of information from our talk, and I
understood a lot of things. At the same time though, a new question popped in my
mind. That tragedy that Kuro experienced is definitely related to her wish. I
wonder what happened back then...

---

Even after I got back to Lilia-san’s mansion, I was still feeling a little
restless. When I decided to confess my feelings to Kuro, I honestly didn’t think
things would go this far. I wish I could fulfill everyone’s wish to save Kuro...
but I wonder, is this problem really something I can handle?

Having these thoughts running through my head, I couldn’t get my thoughts
straight. I was stuck in a whirlpool of thoughts that made me feel as if time
was passing awfully slowly, when I suddenly heard the sound of a reserved knock.

[...Ah, yes. Please come in.]

[Excuse meeeee.]

[Illness-san?]

After hearing my reply, the door opened and Illness-san came in while pushing a
cart inside.

[I’ve brought some teaaaaa and cookieeeeees.]

[Eh? T-Thank you.]

Glancing at the clock, it doesn’t seem like it’s snack time yet. As I tilted my
head in wonder, Illness-san made a cup of tea with practiced hands and placed it
in front of me, she spoke.

[You seeeeeeemed to be troubled about somethiiiiiing. I was thinkiiiiing that
you needed a change of paaaaaace.]

[?!]

Hearing the words Illness-san said as if it was just a casual conversation in
everyday life, I was really surprised. I certainly have been told that I tend to
show my emotion on my face, but today, I only passed by Illness-san once in the
hallway. And yet, for her to easily see through that I’m worried about
something, I don’t know if it’s because Illness-san is sharp or not, or I may
really be just that easy to understand...

Illness-san didn’t say anything more than that. She didn’t ask me what’s
bothering me, nor did she tell me to talk to her about it. Placing the sweetly
seasoned butter cookies in front of me, she waited beside me without a word. As
if to say it’s okay for me to rely on her...

Because of her kindness and the fact that I was able to calm down a little after
eating the delicious butter cookies, I found myself talking about my problems.
Of course, there are some things that I can’t talk about, and I’m not very good
at explaining things, so I may have made a poor job in explaining. However,
Illness-san didn’t interrupt me in the middle of the conversation, and just
quietly listened to my story. And when I had finished speaking, Illness-san
gently extended her hand towards me...

[Kaito-samaaaa... Your eeeeeyes.]

[...Eh?]

...Gently poking my forehead with her index finger, she said this in a soft
tone, as if she was gently scolding an inattentive child.

[I seeeeee\~\~ I understaaaaand that the story is complicateeeeed. I could also
understaaaaaand why Kaito-sama had suuuuuuch high expectations were placed on
your shouldeeeeeers. Howeeeeeever, that won’t do, Kaito-samaaaaa. You mustn’t
avert your eyes from what’s moooooost important.]

[...What’s most important?]

[Whaaaaat were you thinkiiiiiing when you decideeeeed that you would confeeeeess
your love to Underworld King-samaaaaa? Was it to meet everyooooone’s
expectations? Was it to save Underworld King-samaaaaa?]

[...That is....]

As if I’d been hit on the head with a hammer, Illness-san’s words shook me.

[The years of liiiiife that Underworld King-samaaa and Kaito-sama have lived are
differeeeeeent. Of couuuuuurse\~\~ Underworld King-sama wouuuuuld have secrets
that Kaito-sama wouldn’t knoooooow. Howeveeeeer\~\~ That’s somethiiiiiing you’ve
known for a long time, riiiiiight?]

That’s right, it was just as she said. No matter what Kuro’s past was like... “I
came to love today’s Kuro”... I love today’s Kuro, and I want to continue to be
with her, so I thought I’d tell ehr how I feel about her.

[There’s nooooothiing wrong with shouldering the surrounding people’s
expectatioooons. Howeveeeer\~\~ If you lose sight of what’s importaaaaant,
you’re getting your priorities backwaaaards. If you keep your brows wrinkled
like thaaaaat\~\~, you’ll never get to do anything weeeeeell. That’s whhhhhhy, I
was pointing out your eeeeeyes.]

[............]

It was just as Illness-san said. What I should be thinking about isn’t what
Kuro’s wish is or how to save Kuro. What I really should be thinking about
here... should be how I should properly convey my feelings to Kuro.

[...Thank you, Illness-san.]

[Did the douuuuubts in your mind clear uuuuuup?]

[Yes. There are many things I don’t know... but I remembered exactly what I
should do.]

[That’s good theeeeen. There’s not muuuuuch I can do, but I can give you a
little puuuuuush.]

[Eh? Wha?! I-Illness-san?!]

When I came to my senses, I was being hugged by Illness-san, who was hugging my
head in her embrace. The faint scent of perfume and the touch of her hand gently
stroking my head makes my heart beat faster, and at the same time, makes me feel
extremely relieved.

[If it’s youuuuu, I’m sure it will be alriiiiiight.]

After stroking my head for a while, Illness-san let go of my head. Thereupon,
she took off the ribbon with a rose flower attached to the collar of her maid
uniform, and tied it to my left hand.

[It’s a liiiiiittle good luck charm, hoooooolding my wish you attain a goooooood
future.]

[..........]

Seriously, this person... claiming that there’s not much she can do, she’s very
humble. She was so reassuringly supportive that I couldn’t help but be happy. It
was a powerful push that she did behind my back. It isn’t like all my
nervousness had disappeared, but still... before I knew it, the murky feelings
in my heart cleared up.

---

[Kaito-kun? What are you thinking about?]

[Eh? Ah, no, just thinking about some stuff for a bit.]

In the middle of my conversation with Kuro, who visited my room at night as if
it’s something normal, I was apparently thinking about what had happened during
the day. It might be too much of a stretch to tell me not to be conscious of it,
and this might be something that can’t be helped... but I didn’t ask Kuro
anything.

[Ahh! I think I got it! You were thinking about our date tomorrow!]

[U-Unnn... Something like that, I guess?]

[I’m so looking forward to it\~\~ I’m gonna get dressed up for my date with
Kaito-kun!]

[...Yeah.]

I’m sure Kuro would notice that the other members of the Six Kings and Ein-san’s
magical power were forming a barrier around my body... No, she is definitely
aware of it. However, she never mentioned it... Or perhaps, she doesn’t dare
mention it.

As I looked at Kuro with that in mind, I felt that her behavior was somewhat
different than usual. Her tension is strangely high, but it’s as if it isn’t
like Kuro... I feel like there’s something out of place. She doesn’t want to
touch the subject, acting cheerful, but inwardly, she seems to be feeling
impatient.

[...Hey, Kuro?]

[Unnn? What is it?]

I stared into Kuro’s eyes when I quietly called out her name, while she tilted
her head towards me. Those beautiful golden eyes that seemed to hold me captive,
I felt them shaking as if she was somewhat uncertain.

Unnn... That’s right. Tomorrow is my date with Kuro, and I was really looking
forward to it too... I was looking forward to it so much, that I’m feeling
nervous and restless. Tomorrow’s date should be fun. If I want to laugh with
Kuro and walk together with her in this beautiful world... Then, should the
decision be made now? Procrastinating about it is something simple... No, easy
to do. However, at the end of the day, procrastinating would still be the same
thing as running away. I quietly looked at the ribbon wrapped around my left
hand. Illness-san went out of her way to push me forward. What else should I do
other than gathering my courage here?!

Gather your resolve. I’ll not leave this for tomorrow... I’ll tell Kuro my
feelings now!

My hands tremble slightly from nervousness. My throat feels in desperate need of
water, and the reflection of Kuro in my eyes looks many times more beautiful
than usual. I’ve never confessed in my life... So, how can I be this nervous? I
feel myself stiffening, as if I’m being pressured in a vise from all directions.

In front of Kuro, who is still tilting her head, I take out the golden fruit
that Alice gave me from the magic box with my trembling hands... and slowly
presented it to Kuro.

[...Please take this.]

[Wha?! Why...]

When she saw the fruit I held out to her, Kuro’s eyes shook greatly.

![Insert 1](../../_Images/v06/Insert1.png#.insert)

A great deal of turmoil and mixture of fear, Kuro’s eyes opened wide... and
stared at me, stunned. I’ve often heard that you don’t need a reason to love
someone, and I really think that is true. There are certainly some triggers to
have such feelings, like being helped or saved, but I don’t think any of them
were related to why I fell in love with Kuro, and I just naturally fell in love
with her.

Anyway, today, at this time and place—I’m going to tell my feelings to Kuro.

The moment I held out the golden fruit I received from Alice, Kuro’s mood
clearly changed. Her expression disappeared and her golden eyes looked at me
without any quivering at all. Seeing the different aura around her, I stopped
speaking any further, keeping my silence... before Kuro slowly turned her face
down.

[...F-Fufufu... Ahaha... Ahahahahahaha!!!]

[?!]

Black smoke erupts from Kuro’s body, who starts laughing like a madman, and it
instantly envelops the entire room. The smoke that seems to swallow up the
entire space makes my vision instantly turn all dark.

What is this? What is this place...

I found myself standing in a pitch-black space where I couldn’t see what is up
and what is down. I couldn’t even tell if I was really standing in place or if I
was floating. It was so jet-black that I couldn’t even read the distance between
us, but somehow, I could clearly see my own body. The space that could be
described as abnormal was inexplicably suffocating. Along with the sensation
that my body was being constricted by the air itself, I could feel my body
trembling slightly.

Before I knew it, the golden fruit that I should have been holding in my hand
had disappeared, and out of the corner of my eyes, a pair of golden eyes
suddenly appeared in the pitch-black landscape.

“Arehh\~\~? You look much better than I thought? Hehhh... A barrier made by
those kids huh... Fufufu, hahahaha!!!”

[...Kuro?]

An eerie voice, as if tainted with madness, echoes in the space, using a voice
that should have been familiar, but sounds unfamiliar at the same time.

“...Ahh\~\~ Finally... Finally... It’s been a long time\~\~”

Her eyes flicker in the black space along with a mocking voice. What in the
world is she talking about? Alice said that Kuro would reject me... but Kuro’s
behavior is far from what I imagined rejecting was.

“Countless times, countless times have I failed... But I’m glad, Kaito-kun. That
a “success” finally happened.”

[....Suc... cess?]

I don’t know what she’s talking about... What I do know is that an inexplicably
heavy and frightening air is surrounding my body. It’s as if I’m stuck in the
belly of a monster, so intimidating that I feel that resisting here would be
pointless... I’m not supposed to be before her killing intent, and Kuro is
supposed to be laughing, but I feel like my knees are about to collapse.

Kuro said that I was better than I thought I would.... That means that this
feeling right now is already mitigated by the Defensive Magic that Alice and the
others have prepared for me... With this amount of pressure, it’s already been
reduced? How powerful... could Kuro’s true power be...

“...Kaito-kun\~\~ Have you ever played the domino toppling game?”

[Domino?]

“Yes, domino... Did you know at what moment that game is the most fun? It’s at
that moment when you can finally topple them.”

[...Guhh.... Ahh...]

More and more pressure assaulted my body, and I could even hear something
creaking. Perhaps, the barriers Alice and the others put up for me are letting
out screams... If I didn’t have these barriers, my consciousness would have been
reaped away a long time ago.

“The baby bird I raised with great care, as if it were my own child... Seeing
them grow out the most beautiful wings there is... I was really looking forward
to that moment when I can finally “tear them off”!!!”

[...What... are... you...]

“However, not everything works your way. You see, I’m quite particular with my
hobby... So, I cravingly wanted to tear apart only the most beautiful wings...
The moment of “your confession towards me”, the moment you sprouted the most
beautiful wings!!!”

[...A-Aaaahhhh...]

At that moment, that was finally released. In an instant, my thoughts were
painted black and I was struck with a fear that made me want to scream... A
pure, intense killing intent. It far surpasses the one I received from Isis-san,
and the word death is being intensely burned into my head. As if I’m paralyzed
in my sleep, my body won’t move, and the discomfort is accompanied by intense
nausea, as if the fear itself is crawling over my skin.

“Fufufu, it’s no use. Kaito-kun... If I wanted to, all that Defensive Magic you
have wouldn’t do you any good... It’s also no use expecting Shiro to help you
here. This space that I made isn’t a place Shiro can enter...”

[Gfuu... aaaahhhhh...?!]

With her cold words, the feeling in my left hand—disappeared.

When I moved my gaze, I saw that my left hand... No, everything beyond my left
elbow was gone. There’s no pain... However, I can’t feel any sensation of my
hand being there either. It’s as if I was swallowed by a jet-black space, as if
my hand didn’t exist right from the start...

“Don’t worry... I’ll make sure to properly feel your deliciousness... Eating you
little by little, one piece at a time...”

[.........]

It wasn’t just my hand that changed. Along with Kuro’s words, the sensation
gradually disappears from my toes... beginning to disappear into the black
space.

What is this? What’s going on? What is going to happen to me...

“...You’re going to die.”

[.........]

Kuro’s words weren’t a lie. I didn’t have to think about it to understand that
Kuro was serious about killing me. Rather my body understands that, my thoughts
finally begin to think about death.

...I’m going... to die? Ahh, I see... I’m going to die huh...

I wonder why though... It should have been something frightening, I should have
been thinking about not wanting to die... Is my mind broken already? I find
myself accepting those words without any resistance at all. I feel as if not
only my body, but also my thoughts are being eaten by the black space... feeling
helpless, without anything I can do. It’s dark and cold... How much of my body
is left now? Is all of my body already gone? Why don’t I feel anything? Has even
my senses... already disappeared? The only thing I can feel is the cold...

“...Hey, Kaito-kun? How is it like to feel the taste of despair?”

[..........]

Despair... I see, so this feeling is called despair... Ahh, that’s right.
Thinking about it now, It’s a feeling that I remembered before. It’s that dark
gloomy feeling... I felt it in those dark, cloudy skies peeking through the
crevices... and the feeling of Mom and Dad’s body getting colder inside the car.
It’s scary... cold... making me feel afraid... and freezing.

“...Hey, can you let me hear your final words? Your final words dyed in
despair...”

[............]

My final words? I see... My final words huh... I’m going to be killed by Kuro
now. What will I say to Kuro, who is about to kill me? I can’t get my head to
think straight anymore... I can’t think of anything... I don’t want to think
about anything...

In the midst of my fading thoughts, the last words spontaneously slipped out of
my mouth as all the things in my vision were being dyed black.

[...Kuro... Thank you... for everything.]

Ahaha... Even I’m astounded. Even in this situation, I can only feel gratitude
for Kuro. I’m sure I’m quite afraid of dying, but I personally can’t help but
feel neither anger nor fear for Kuro... I’m sure I’d be okay with that even if
Kuro were to kill me... for I’m deeply in love with her...

“.............”

Immediately afterwards, the entire space shook greatly. And my body, which
should have been on the verge of disappearing and losing its senses, suddenly
began to feel heat. The fear that had enveloped my body, the icy coldness...
Everything disappears in an instant, and my vision opens up all at once,
revealing the pair of golden eyes floating in the black space.

And it’s not just me that has changed. The golden eyes are also shaking for some
reason.

“...hy... Why... WHHYYYYY!!!”

[?!]

A scream too loud, with a voice that isn’t eerie unlike before, as if it’s
filled with strong emotions.

“I’ve already done this much!!! Why aren’t you “scared” of me?! What aren’t you
“getting away” from me?!”

[...Ku... ro...?]

“Why!!! Even though you’re going home anyway!!! Even though you’re going to
disappear anyway!!! Why are you making me waver this much?!”

[.........]

With a mournful voice that sounded like it was crying out, and with each voice,
the jet-black space greatly shook, as if this darkness represented Kuro’s heart.

...I see, this place is... With these emotions Kuro is releasing at me right
now... is the true emotions that is most hidden beneath her heart.

That means, what she did just now was just an act... Hahaha, she really is quite
an outrageous fellow. Perhaps, I’ve been influenced too much by my Sympathy
Magic, and she successfully guided my emotions so that I would believe that she
meant it. And then, little by little, she made the killing intent stronger and
adjusted it to make me experience fear as if I’m close to my death... making me
feel afraid.

[...Kuro...]

“ ?! ”

Thereupon, once again... As if she suddenly remembered it, a powerful killing
intent was released by Kuro, and my body shook violently even though the wind
wasn’t blowing. However, it’s alright. My body didn’t disappear... And I can
properly move!

“...D-Don’t come here... Don’t come here...”

[.........]

“Don’t come here!!!”

[Wha?!]

With a voice that sounded like she’s screaming out her cries, a storm blew
around her golden eyes. I tried to hold on, but I couldn’t even make the
slightest resistance, and my body was sent flying through the air. It wasn’t a
mental rejection, but a physical one... An all-out rejection from the pinnacle
of the Demon Realm, as a mere human, the difference in power between us is
absolute.

[Guhh.]

I was blown around the black space with tremendous force, unable to discern
what’s up and down, and the golden eyes that were the only landmarks I had were
becoming more and more distant. This is bad... It would have been alright if
it’s just mental rejection, but if it’s physical rejection, I wouldn’t have any
way to resist Kuro’s power. Is this situation hopeless? If it continues like
this, I’m going to be blown far away from here...

In the jet-black darkness where I can’t even find my own footing, I took a
definite step forward.

Towards “a different direction” than the golden eyes I see in front of me... Is
there no way for my hands to reach Kuro?

...No, not yet! Like heck I will give up here! I can’t think of a way through
this. I currently have no way of breaking down this situation. But even if
that’s so, just because I lack power... isn’t enough of a reason to make me give
up! After all—I still haven’t told Kuro my feelings yet!

While being blown away by the storm, I still kept a strong will in my heart.
Thereupon, my body that was supposed to be blown away stopped... No, “someone
had caught my body”... As for me, this makes me feel a bit complicated, but in
this situation, I suppose it can’t be helped.

[If you still won’t give up... I suppose I can’t just ignore it anymore.]

As a voice without intonation echoed in the jet-black space, a white glow
gleamed in the landscape filled with black...

“Why... For what reason...”

Kuro’s confused voice echoed in the space. Yes, as if to say that she hadn’t
expected her to show up here...

[Why do you think it’s strange, Kuro? It’s just that I didn’t have the desire to
do so until now... It’s not that strange of a thing, don’t you think? “If you
can nullify my power, I can obviously nullify yours as well”.]

[...Shiro-san.]

Yes. Suddenly appearing and catching me was the God of this world... and
probably the only person in this world who was on par with Kuro, Shiro-san.
After Shiro-san made me stand in the black space, she looked at the golden eyes
in the distance and spoke.

[Geez, you’re telling me I’m hardheaded and obstinate... but I don’t think
you’re even worse than me. Even though you already know the answer...]

“Guhh...”

After saying that with an intonationless voice, Shiro-san turned towards me and
continued.

[I’ll give you just a single chance.]

[...Eh?]

[I’ll open up a path for you just once. It would be up to you to grab it.]

At the same time as Shiro-san declared this, a huge black fist, which is so
black that it can be seen in this black space, appeared.

“SHIROOOOOOOO!”

However, as if she’s just dusting off her sleeve, the black fist was easily
dispersed by Shiro-san ‘s hand.

[Oh look, the child is throwing a tantrum... Did you really think you can fight
me with a fist full of hesitation like that?]

And then, Shiro-san thrust out one of her palms... unleashing a white shining
tornado. It then pushes through the space around it towards the golden eyes.

“Kuhh?! Urkk...”

Kuro also tried to counter it, unleashing magic power that made the space
tremble, and the tornado of white and black collided with each other... and in
front of my eyes, a tunnel-like path was created by the conflict between the two
tornadoes.

[...Go now, Singularity, Miyama Kaito. Do as you declared. If you want
something, “you should grab it yourself”... In that case, just as you said, step
on forward and grab it with your own hands. The ending you desire...]

[...Yes!]

As if spurred by Shiro-san’s words, I started running. A tunnel formed by the
mixture of white and black tornadoes, with the golden eyes as a landmark... As I
continued to run, the entire space shook with thunderous roars, as if Kuro and
Shiro-san were still fighting. The aftershocks sometimes almost take me off my
feet, but I tried my best to hold on and keep running. The expectations Alice
and the other members of the Six Kings entrusted to me, Ein-san’s thoughts,
Ozma-san’s advice, Illness-san’s support, Shiro-san’s help... I can think of a
million reasons why I’m so desperate.

But now, only at this moment... I forgot about it and ran only for one thought.

———_What’s wrong? You look like you’re in trouble._

Yes, it started with those words. There were a few factors that could be
described as the primary ones, such as being caught up in the Hero Summoning or
getting lost in the city, but my encounter with her at that time could be
considered a coincidence.

———_Kaito-kun, right?! Nice to meet you._

Thinking back at that time again, I might have been attracted to her from the
moment I first saw her dazzling smile.

———_You’ve finally come to this world, so why don’t we search for it? In here,
for what seems to be your valuable “treasure” deep within your heart... what you
wanted to do, you don’t have to find that answer. When it’s time for you to
leave, even if you don’t know what you want to do, you would instead be able to
acquire the answer to “what you’ve done” and “what you’ve discovered”... That’s
why, it’s okay for you to be empty for now._

Since I’ve lost my parents, I’ve been unable to move forward without cowering...
but not scolding me, nor consoling me... Gently affirming that it was okay for
now, she gently reached out to me.

———_From now on, let’s start from this moment onwards! Let’s do something
different! Where you—are the protagonist of this story!_

It was those words that made me stand on my feet. I was able to regain the
mentality to go forward and try again. It wasn’t long before I realized that I
was in love with her.

———_U-Ummm... Thank you. It was delicious. The best I’ve ever had._

The expression on her face when she smiled a little shyly and said she was
really happy with the baby castella I made for her.

———_Ehehe, I came along._

Laughing like a child, yet charmingly smiling like an adult, making child-like
blunders here and there, the days that I spent with her, with her ever-changing
expressions, seemed to shine brightly every day.

———_...There’s something I want to acquire._

A sorrowful expression on her face, which was usually brimming with smiles, as
if she was reaching out for something unreachable... This is the moment when I
realized that even she, who wrapped me gently within her warmth, had her own
worries and wishes. What she can’t have even after living for tens of thousands
of years. The answer to what that was still unknown to me but...

———_If Kaito-kun finds it... I will... probably be happy._

However, I wonder why? I feel like the answer to that also lies down ahead of
me. In the place I’m running to, where the deepest parts of Kuro’s heart that
she had been hiding from the world were exposed. Perhaps, I may have just been
mistaken. But despite her fierce resistance... I have a feeling that’s where
Kuro was waiting for me to get to.

I wonder why all those thoughts popped out... when it was “irrelevant” to what’s
happening right now? Saving Kuro, living up to everyone’s expectations... I
don’t need such big reasons. It’s just because I love Kuro... It’s just because
I want to continue being with her... It’s just for this reasons that I run
desperately, reaching out with all my might.

And the moment I finally saw the golden eyes near me, I turned my feet towards
“a different direction” from where the golden eyes were floating. Thereupon, I
reached out my hands towards the empty darkness. I don’t have any basis for
this. Even if someone were to ask me why I did this, it would be difficult for
me to explain. It’s just, somehow... My intuition is strongly telling me, “the
golden eyes were just dummies” and “Kuro is down this path”.

Feeling my hand outstretched towards the void touch something, I grabbed it and
strongly pulled it closer.

[...Ahh.]

[?!]

With a small voice, the one who emerged from the jet-black darkness was... “a
black-haired Shiro-san”? No, it doesn’t matter what she looks like. She is Kuro.
As Kuro had a shaken expression on her face, with all of my strength... I
tightly hugged her close.

[...Kuro, I love you.]

[?!]

I put all I could think of into that single phrase and confessed to Kuro. Kuro’s
body twitched, but she didn’t seem to resist.

[Since I came to this world, your smile has always been a source of
encouragement to me. I want to be together with you, who always have a happy
smile on your face, Kuro.]

[...Kaito...kun.]

[No matter what Kuro says and does... I’m not afraid of you. I also wouldn’t
leave you... Hey, Kuro? My own treasure... I’ve found it, you know? I love
you... More than anyone... More than anything...]

[?!]

Hearing my words as I hugged her tightly, Kuro’s body suddenly relaxed. At that
moment, the black space cracked and shattered, and the scenery returned to my
familiar room. It’s not only the scenery that has returned, Kuro is also back to
her familiar silvery-white haired young girl form, her shaking body clinging on
my clothes.

[...Idiot... You’re an idiot... Even though I’ve seriously made you see it,
Kaito-kun... Forcibly making you feel fear... Even so, you’re still not afraid
of me...]

[...Unnn. I guess I am.]

[Idiot... Idiot... idjet... idjet... I love you... I also... love you! I love
you, Kaito-kun!!!]

Tears flowing from Kuro’s eyes, saying the phrase “I love you”, she leaped
towards me. Burying her tear-filled face in my chest, as her small shoulders
trembled, I gently hugged Kuro.

[...I’m sorry... I’m sorry... I made you feel scared...]

[Not really, I don’t mind. The one who was really scared... was Kuro, right?]

[...Unnn... I was scared... If Kaito-kun confessed to me... I would never be
able to... give up on you again... and if Kaito-kun were to disappear... I will
never be able to smile again...]

[I won’t disappear. I promise... I won’t take away Kuro’s smile.]

[...Kaito...kun... ?!]

After hearing my words, Kuro clung to me more tightly than before and then...
slowly looked up and looked at me with her teary eyes.

[...Kaito-kun... I love you. I love you so much.]

[Unnn. I love you too, Kuro.]

Telling our feelings to each other again, Kuro quietly closed her eyes. And
after stroking her silver-white hair, which shimmered in the moonlight coming
through the window, I slowly lowered my body... and placed my lips on her little
lips.

---

When Kaito told Kuromueina about his feelings for her, and they kissed for the
first time... Shallow Vernal, who had secretly returned to the God Realm, was
looking up at the sky in the Sanctuary where she lived. Thereupon, Chronois
arrived with several documents in hand.

[Excuse my intrusion, Shallow Vernal-sama. I would like to ask you to decide
upon several matters regarding the Festival of—?!]

[..........]

The reason why Chronois visited the Sanctuary was to consult about the
performance that the God Realm would put on at the Festival of Heroes. To ask
Shallow Vernal, the top of the God Realm, for permission to hold an event
planned by Gods... this was originally a confirmation that would only last for a
few minutes. But Chronois’s words stopped mid-sentence. She began to tremble and
her face turned pale, which was unthinkable given her usual calmness.

[...Ahh... Ahhhh...]

The overwhelmingly competent Chronois, who is one of the best in the world at
what she does, has fallen to her knees, shaking uncontrollably, and is sweating
like a waterfall all over her body. The cause for this is of course...

[Leave that later. I’m currently “in a slightly bad mood”.]

Yes, it was Shallow Vernal. Compared to the Supreme God, Chronois, the magic
power of Shallow Vernal, the God of the world is on a despairingly different
level. Just the slightest bit of displeasure had drifted along with her magic
power... was already too much so that a Supreme God, Chronois, can’t even stand
up...

No, in fact, it would be more correct to say that it’s because it was the
Supreme God, Chronois, that she’s able to get away with just this much. If it
had been a low-ranking God, she might have died just by looking at the current
Shallow Vernal. In addition, it isn’t like Shallow Vernal is angry. Just as she
said, she’s only in a slightly bad mood. The power of the God Shallow Vernal is
so great that the slight change in her emotions affects Chronois.

[...My... apologies... I will... take my leave.]

After saying this as she was shaking, Chronois crawled out of the Sanctuary.
Even though she had been serving Shallow Vernal for a long time, this was the
first time Chronois had encountered such a situation. In the first place,
Shallow Vernal basically doesn’t show her emotions. Just as her expression
doesn’t change, her voice doesn’t have any inflection to it... It’s so bad that
people are uncertain if the concept of emotions exists in her being. However,
even though it was just a little bit, Shallow Vernal was clearly in an
unpleasant mood.

[...I wonder why? I should have made my decision and helped him with it.
However, what are these incomprehensible emotions?]

In the Sanctuary where Chronois left, Shallow Vernal muttered to herself,
feeling a slight discomfort at the feelings that welled up in her heart...

[Yes, this result should bring Kaito-san... my beloved Singularity’s
happiness... my...]

After muttering that much, Shallow Vernal seemed to have thought of something,
and without a change in her expression, she brought her hand on her chin.

[...I was feeling frustrated. Looking at them like this, I was thinking “why
wasn’t it me?”. The true identity of this emotion is that huh... I understand.
However... I can’t tolerate this.]

The World Creator, a being who transcended beyond human intellect... As to what
such a being was thinking at that moment, and what plan she began brewing... The
only one who would know about this was the person herself.
