---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 5: Visit to the God Realm

The 6th Day of the Earth month. Sitting in a spacious and luxurious horse-drawn
carriage... I moved my gaze away from the window and called out to the person in
front of me.

[...Ummm... Why did I get abducted when I should be carefreely eating breakfast
now, Chronois-san?]

[...I’m sorry about that. It took a lot of work to arrange, so I didn’t get to
tell you beforehand.]

[...Huhh...]

Yes, I was currently being transported in a carriage by Chronois-san, who
appeared out of the blue just before breakfast. It was a sudden turn of events,
but as soon as Chronois-san arrived, she said “Sorry! I don’t have much time.
Don’t ask anything and just follow me.” while bowing with a sad expression on
her face, so I wasn’t able to refuse.

[...W-Well, that’s fine but... Where is this carriage heading?]

[To the God Realm.]

[...Ehh?]

[By Shallow Vernal-sama’s will, we are inviting you to the God Realm.]

[...Huh?]

Shiro-san invited me to the God Realm? Why did this happen now? Unnn, I don’t
really know the reason why... but judging from how tired Chronois-san is, this
was probably a sudden decision.

[I-I see. I can now understand why... By the way, Chronois-san... Why do you
look worn out?]

[...Shallow Vernal-sama decreed that we invite you as soon as possible... I’ve
been rushing around to complete various formalities so...]

[I-I’m sorry about that.]

When I asked Chronois-san, who looked exhausted, she seemed to be struggling
with Shiro-san’s absurdness as usual... This person really is too troubled. I
mean, the other party is that Shiro-san, you know? She’s the kind of airhead
that doesn’t think that a jab for her would be a combo of uppercuts and a
missile launcher for us. However, she just said various formalities... Even when
going to the Demon Realm, you would need a permit that would take a week to
issue, so the God Realm might not be a place you can just go and visit
immediately.

[Great job... Or rather, I guess you would need lots of procedures to go to the
God Realm huh?]

[It isn’t that difficult to get to the “lower level”. You just need to apply to
the temple and get a permit to visit. However, it’s the “upper level” that
Miyama is going to this time...]

[Lower level? Upper level?]

[Fumu... You are aware about the shape of the lands of the God Realm, right?]

[Yes... It’s in the shape of a circle with an empty center, isn’t it? I saw it
on the map.]

I remembered that the God Realm was a donut-shaped land, and was quite small
compared to the Demon Realm and God Realm. After hearing my words, Chronois-san
nodded once before lightly explaining to me.

[Umu, that’s right... It’s just that, it might be difficult to see on the map,
but the God Realm is divided into “three” areas.]

[Three?]

[Yeah, wait a moment, I’ll get a map.]

Saying that, Chronois-san takes out the same map that Lilia-san showed me before
and holds it out to me. Taking it and looking at the map again, which I hadn’t
really looked at so closely before, I saw that the circular earth did indeed
seem to be three overlapping circles of different sizes, and I could see a
slight gap in between each circle.

[First, the outermost land is called the lower level, where the lower-ranked
Gods, their subordinates, and the priests who serve the temple live... As for
that place, Humans and Demons can freely visit it as long as they have a
permit.]

[...Fumufumu.]

[And the lands within it... the difference in elevation will be hard to see on
the map, but there’s the second layer of the God Realm, the “middle level”,
which is placed in lands higher when viewed from the lower level... This is
mainly the home of high-ranking Gods, and only people, with at least the rank
and credibility of a King of the Human Realm, were allowed to enter here.]

Apparently, the God Realm is supposed to be like a mountain, and the closer the
area was in the middle of the map, the higher the ground is. And then, the
middle level is basically inaccessible, unless you’re in the same class as
kings... What about the remaining upper level then?

[...And in the place closest to the center, there is the lands called the “upper
level”. This is a place that no one but the Supreme Gods and our subordinates
are allowed to enter, and among the Humans, you’re the second person to visit
the lands after the First Hero... You should be able to see how abnormal the
situation is.]

[...I guess that would be because Shiro-san lives there huh?]

[You are correct, though you’re slightly mistaken about something. Shallow
Vernal-sama lives on an island in the center of the God Realm, which isn’t shown
on the map... It’s an island floating in the skies called “Sanctuary”. In that
place, even I will not be able to enter without Shallow Vernal-sama’s
permission.]

[.........]

Arehh? That’s weird... I can tell from her tone that it must be an amazing
place. A place that even the Supreme God, Chronois-san, can’t enter without
permission... making it literally the hardest place in the world to visit.
However, an island floating in the skies? Isn’t that... the place where I first
got my blessing from Shiro-san?

(That’s right.)

Ah, I knew it. So, why did you have to go through all these troublesome matters?
Couldn’t you just teleport me just like you did the first time you gave me your
blessing?

(...Now that you mention it, you’re right.)

Oi, you there, airhead goddess... You just simply didn’t think about it?!
Chronois-san looked like she would collapse from exhaustion here, you know?!

(Well then, I will now teleport you...)

Stop right there!!! Don’t let all the work Chronois-san did come to nothing! I
will properly visit you there under Chronois-san’s lead, so please just wait
there.

(On one condition.)

...And why are you demanding me a condition for that? Oi, why? Are you that
free? I haven’t completely cleared my doubts but, I know all these questions
would just be useless to Shiro-san... For the time being, let me hear what that
condition is.

(I’ve prepared an onsen, so please take a bath in it together with me.)

...The heck is this person talking about? Onsen? Did she just say onsen? Do
onsens exist in the God Realm?

(I made them exist.)

Shiro-san, what the heck are you really doing?! Are you really that free?!
Rather... Could it be, the reason why I was suddenly abducted this morning...
was so that you could take a bath in that onsen together with me?)

(Indeed.)

There are many things I want to say, like Chronois-san being too pitiful... but
why did you suddenly come up with such a thing?

(I helped Kaito-san in that incident with Kuro.)

Eh? Ah, yes. You’re right. Thank you very much for that time. ...and how is that
related to the current situation?

(I had helped Kaito-san back then. Thus, just as you did towards that maid,
shouldn’t you be thanking me for my help?)

...I see, it makes me feel complicated when you say it like that but... Would I
be able to express my gratitude to Shiro-san by going to the onsen with you?

(Yes. Until now, I’ve been losing the initiative to Kuro.)

Unnn?

(Kuro got to go on a date with you first, Kuro got to give you a lap pillow
first... Only Kuro is unfair. That’s why, we’ll do something Kuro hasn’t done
yet.)

...I have a lot to say about that, but for the time being, I’ll say this...
Can’t we do something else instead?

(We can’t.)

I mean, look, if it’s something I haven’t done with Kuro, there should be
something else we could do!

(We can’t.)

A-Ahh, that’s right! If it’s bathing together with someone, I’ve already done it
with Isis-san...

(Since it’s not done with Kuro, I don’t have a problem with it.)

...I know it’s a little late to ask this, but do I have the right to veto this?

(You don’t.)

She seriously went and said it. She seriously went and said I don’t have the
right to veto?! M-Mngghhh... This is very troubling. Bathing with Shiro-san, who
has really magnificent proportions and is an immensely beautiful woman... I’m
not confident that I can seriously suppress my reasoning.

To make matters worse, Shiro-san can read my mind. I’m afraid that she would be
able to see that I was desperately trying to endure it, and move to crush my
reasoning. But well... Unfortunately, I don’t have the option to veto. And most
of all, I owe her for helping me, and since Chronois-san had already fetched me,
I have no choice but to agree... This is too unreasonable.

(Does Kaito-san... hate taking a bath on an onsen with me?)

I think that way of asking is too unfair. There’s still no inflection in her
voice, but the damage is still too damn high. Alright... I’ll go with you. I
just have to take a bath with you, right?!

(Thank you. Then, I’m looking forward to seeing your arrival.)

Hmmm, I’m not really sure... if it’s because of the lack of inflection in her
voice or not, but it’s hard for me to understand her intentions, and since my
Sympathy Magic isn’t effective, I can’t understand what she’s thinking.

[Have you finished talking to Shallow Vernal-sama?]

[Y-Yes, well... You see...]

Chronois-san, who seems to have been quiet because she noticed I was talking to
Shiro-san, calls out to me, and I slowly tell Chronois-san about the
conversation I just had with Shiro-san.

I spoke ambiguously about the beginning of my conversation with Shiro-san, so
that Chronois-san’s hard work wouldn’t have been in vain but... For some reason,
Chronois-san’s eyes lost more light than before, and turned into the eyes of a
dead fish.

[...I see...]

[U-Ummm, Chronois-san? Is something the matter?]

I thought she would respond with “I will not allow such immorality!” but... She
looks like she just gave up on everything...

[...Miyama... later... When you get to Shallow Vernal-sama’s island, please
treat me as if I’m not there... Please don’t remember me at all...]

[...Huh? Errr... Yes.]

For some reason, Chronois-san had eyes that looked like a dead fish—but I think
that’s most probably Shiro-san’s fault.

Brought by Chronois-san to visit the God Realm... I didn’t notice when I came
before, but there’s a building behind the temple where we were blessed, and it
seems that there’s a gate inside it that leads you to the God Realm. The God
Realm... just as it’s called, it’s literally the place where the Gods live, an
absolute vertical society where Shiro-san stands at the top. I wonder what kind
of place the God Realm is? Hmmm, I imagined it would be as if the lands are on
top of the clouds but... since the Demon Realm was kind of similar to the Human
Realm, so I guess I shouldn’t be surprised if it was normal...

[...Wha... Eh?]

[This is the God Realm, our home.]

[W-We’re above... the skies?!]

[Ahh, I’m sorry. I guess I forgot to mention it... The entire lands of the God
Realm “exists in the air”... but it doesn’t shake because the lands we walk were
created by Shallow Vernal-sama’s power.]

Passing through the gate, the scene in front of me... feels straight out of
fantasy. Large and small lands are connected to each other by beautifully
decorated bridges, and underneath the bridges, I can see the blue sky...
A-Amazing.

[The small islands you see are all gates that lead to various parts of the Human
Realm and Demon Realm. This area dotted with floating islands is a place we
called the “Divine Gates”.]

[...Whoaa, how should I say this... I feel overwhelmed and speechless... It’s a
really fantastic sight.]

[It’s good that you like it. Well then, let’s get moving... Though I say that,
it will take longer if the human you were to move on foot, so I will carry you.]

[Eh? Ah, yes.]

[I could take you to the upper levels in just a single breath but... Since it’s
your first time here in the God Realm, I’ll show you around. Don’t worry, I’ve
been given permission by Shallow Vernal-sama.]

[Yes. I’ll be in your care!]

[Umu.]

Chronois-san nodded and lightly flicked her finger, and after multiple golden
rings of magical power floated around my body, my body began floating.
Chronois-san’s body was also surrounded by the same light, and in the next
moment, we began moving at a fairly fast speed. Though I said that, we aren’t
moving at a speed that makes the landscape quickly pass by our eyes, just a
little faster than a car.

[First of all, this is the lower level I described earlier. Look over there, you
can see the land floating in the distance over there, right? That’s the middle
level.]

[Indeed... With your explanation earlier, I had the impression that the entire
God Realm was like a big mountain, but it’s actually a smaller circle of earth
floating around huh.]

[Umu... To ascend to the middle level, if you’re not a high-ranking God, you can
use the gate in the lower level’s central city. Well, it’s rarely used in the
first place.]

Listening to Chronois-san’s explanation as we moved, when I moved my gaze, I
certainly saw something like the earth floating quite high above where we are
now. Hmmm, the God Realm really is amazing... Just looking at it for a moment,
it makes me feel like I’m really in a fantasy world. It isn’t just the floating
earth, but there’s also the fountains in the sky and the strange trees whose
balance is against the laws of physics... Just looking at them really won’t make
me bored.

[As I recall... Unless you’re among the ranks of the Kings of various countries,
didn’t you say we wouldn’t be able to enter?]

[Yeah, to be precise, it’s those whose trust from the God Realm is above a
certain standard... Beside the kings, those who have received the “True
Blessings” rather than the “Provisional Blessing” may also enter.]

[P-Provisional Blessing? True Blessing?]

[Unnn? What, you don’t know about them?]

[Yes. I’m sorry for my lack of knowledge.]

Another unfamiliar term came up, so I asked... And apparently, seeing
Chronois-san’s response, it seems to be common knowledge...

Seeing me reflexively apologize, Chronois-san’s tense expresion broken, and
kindly smiling, she shook her head.

[No, don’t worry about it. Thinking about it, it isn’t surprising that you, an
otherworlder, wouldn’t know about it. I lack consideration... I apologize.]

[N-No?!]

[Let me briefly explain. Usually, provisional blessings are the ones that the
Human nobles receive every year. We also sometimes call them informal
blessings.]

[Informal... If I remember correctly, isn’t that what you granted to
Lilia-san...]

Hearing the word “informal”, it reminded me of how Chronois-san said “This might
be informal.” when she blessed Lilia-san in front of the temple before.

[Umu. As you have guessed, the one I performed on Lilia is a Provisional
Blessing. These blessings can be simply granted to others, but the effect isn’t
very strong and lasts only for a year... Therefore, the Humans receive their
blessings every year.]

[I see... What about the True Blessings?]

[As for the True Blessings... They’re “Blessings that are done by the God’s
name”. Unlike the Provisional Blessings, this blessing remains in effect as long
as the God who blessed said person lives, and its effects are on a different
league.]

In short, the True Blessings are superior to the usual Blessings, which normally
expire in a year, and are said to be permanent.

When she saw me nodding my head in acknowledgement, Chronois-san’s expression
changed to a serious one as she continued.

[Granting her True Blessing is the greatest act of trust for the Gods... that’s
because, the recipient of this Blessing is a being blessed by the God who has
blessed said person, and they were allowed to “speak in the name of the God”.]

[Speak in the name of the God?]

[...Umu, for example, Miyama. You have received Shallow Vernal-sama’s True
Blessing, right? You should have been permitted to use Shallow Vernal-sama’s
name at that time.]

[...Eh?]

Did she mention that to me? No, I don’t think she did...

(I forgot. I give you permission to speak in my name.)

You forgot?! Isn’t that a bit too irresponsible...

W-Well, Shiro-san doesn’t seem to have blessed anyone before, so I guess I
couldn’t blame her huh?

[...What’s the matter?]

[Ah, no... Errr, I’ve just been approved.]

[Unnn? I-I see... Anyway, being allowed to speak in Shallow Vernal-sama’s
name... means that you already have her authority.]

[...Eh? W-What does in the world does that mean...]

I don’t really know what she meant when she said I could speak in the name of
God... But is it that? That “In the name of God!” shout they do in movies?

[If you make a statement in the name of Shallow Vernal-sama’s name... It’s also
equivalent to Shallow Vernal-sama speaking those words herself. The act of
disagreeing with that statement, in other words, is seen as an act of pointing
their blade to Shallow Vernal-sama... and is the most foolish act anyone could
do in the world.]

[...E-Eeeehhhh...]

[That’s not all. If you use Shallow Vernal-sama’s name to give orders, every
Gods will obey your words. You can say that you have absolute command authority
over the Gods.]

[.........]

The heck is that, that’s scary... I-In short, when someone speaks in the name of
God, that means that their statement is equivalent to when the God herself
speaks of the same thing... That’s especially the case when it comes to
Shiro-san, who is undoubtedly the top of the world. You could say that the power
of her words is in a whole different league.

...It’s decided then, let’s go seal this tight.

[Incidentally, it’s a serious crime for anyone who hasn’t received the True
Blessing to speak in the name of said God. The God of Life would give her
judgment to such sinners.]

[...I-I see.]

Thanks to Chronois-san’s explanation, and I can also somewhat understand why the
Gods don’t call each other by name. For the Gods, their names are for performing
the True Blessing, and that would also mean their names hold definite power...
To make sure that no one abuses it, they are making sure that their names aren’t
well-known. And the one who supervises this information... the information that
Alice of the Six Kings gathers, is Life-san.

[Thank you. I clearly understand now.]

[I see... I know this is unnecessary, but let me remind you that the authority
you have been given is powerful. Don’t abuse it... Well, it’s you we’re talking
about anyway. I know that you wouldn’t do that.]

Chronois-san gently smiled at me as she said that, looking like a true
Goddess... Seeing the gap between her current appearance and her usual cool
look, I felt my face heat up a bit. Just as we continued moving, as if she
suddenly remembered something, Chronois-san spoke.

[...While we’re at it, I’d like to thank you again. Miyama, I thank you from the
bottom of my heart for going on a date with Shallow Vernal-sama before. Shallow
Vernal-sama seemed to be enjoying herself very much. Seeing her joy makes me
more than happy.]

[N-No, that is...]

[However... What you saw at that time... Forget about that.]

[...What I saw at that time?]

After thanking me in regards to my previous date with Shiro-san, she told me to
forget about something, but I can’t think of what she’s talking about right
away. Thereupon, Chronois-san looked troubled for some reason, and then, as she
averted her gaze, she softly muttered.

[...L-Like I said, that... m-my... i-immoral appearance before...]

[...Are you talking about when you were in a swimsuit?]

[...Yeah... I know! You’re probably going to say it doesn’t look good on me!!! I
am aware of that much. Laugh all you want, but forget it!!!]

Desperately telling me that with a blush on her face... I don’t know if I should
say I expected it or not, but it seems like Chronois-san cares about the fact
that she was forced into a swimsuit at that time. She certainly was acting
strangely at that time, and she also adamantly refused to stand within my range
of vision...

[No, it’s not like I would laugh though... Or rather, didn’t it look good on
you?]

[Whaa?! Y-You!!! You’re making fun of me like that again!!!]

[N-No, I’m not making fun of you... It really looked good on you. Chronois-san
looked slender and beautiful so...]

[Wha?! Wha... Whaa...]

Hearing my words, Chronois-san opened and closed her mouth just like a fish on
land, and her face was growing redder and redder. And after a little while, she
drew closer to me with more vigor than before.

[S-S-S-Stop messing around!!! T-Telling me such cajolery... W-W-What are you
planning?! You’re immoral!!!]

[N-No, I’m not planning anything... I was just saying my real thoughts. I think
Chronois-san is an incredibly beautiful woman.]

[...I-I won’t be deceived... H-How many times did you think I have been told I
look like a man...]

Isn’t that mainly what Fate-san said? Fate-san’s face, holding a peace sign,
popped out of my mind just now. H-Hmmm. I guess Chronois-san isn’t used to being
treated like a woman huh... It’s quite unusual for her to lose her bearings
about matters other than Shiro-san.

[Hmmm. I don’t really know what other people think, and I also don’t think my
standards are absolute but... I think Chronois-san is a beautiful woman.]

[ ~ ~ ~ ~ ?!?! ]

When I told her that, Chronois-san’s mouth opened and closed again, and she
looked down, the redness of her face reaching her ears. Unnn, such thoughts may
have been rather deep-rooted in her mind... so let’s not say anything more. As I
think about this, I returned my gaze to the sceneries of the God Realm, I heard
a whisper.

[...I’ll give you... my thanks.]

[Eh? Ah, yes.]

After that, Chronois-san fell silent once again, but after she glanced at me for
a moment, with a somewhat warm expression on her face, she chuckled. After a
while, Chronois-san returned to how she usually acts, and as she showed me
around the God Realm—we headed towards the upper levels of the God Realm.

My first visit to the God Realm welcomed me with a very refreshing sight. The
lower level reminds of a city in the Human Realm, with huge flowers that are
several meters high and a lake floating in the sky. The middle level was like a
residential area for nobles, lined with beautiful white buildings with trees
that resembled the light trees I had seen before, and the entire city seemed to
be enveloped in a faint light. Then, higher than these two lands, the cluster of
lands that is the highest area in the God Realm aside from Shiro-san’s
Sanctuary... we reached the upper levels. The upper level is a green carpet of
grass that is spread across the open grass, and even though it should be noon,
there are multiple layers of light in the sky that look like shooting stars,
giving the place a sense of solemnity.

And at the end of my gaze... At the edge of the donut-shaped earth, closest to
the Sanctuary, which can be seen even higher up in the sky, three huge temples
are arranged around the Sanctuary. Each one is as large as a castle, and I’m
saying that even though we’re a considerable distance from them to know how
large they really are. Then, at Chronois-san’s suggestion, we decided to check
out Fate-san and Life-san’s temples before going to Shiro-san’s home, and so, we
headed towards Fate-san’s temple, which is the closest one to where we currently
are. It seems that it is true that only the Supreme Gods and their subordinates
are allowed to enter this place, as the large space felt incredibly quiet and
the other Gods that I had seen on the lower and middle levels couldn’t be seen
at all.

Once inside Fate-san’s temple, we were met with a wide corridor that let alone
me, even Megiddo-san could move through with room to spare, giving the
atmosphere that this place is certainly where a pinnacle God lives. Well, I
doubt Magnawell-san is able to move around here... That’s just because
Magnawell-san’s size is abnormal, and in the first place, a house that he can
get into couldn’t be called a house anymore, it would just be a gigantic...
errr... something.

Going down the long, quiet hallway, we stand in front of a huge door. The door
was so big that I didn’t feel like I could open it at all but... Chronois-san
doesn’t seem to be particularly bothered by it and just knocks on the door.

[God of Fate, are you there?]

[...Hmm? God of Time and Space? What is it now...]

When Chronois-san called out to the door, the huge door slowly opened and
Fate-san languidly spoke, showing herself. Her purple hair was ruffled and was
springing out all over the place, and the priest’s robe that she’s wearing
looked wrinkled up... Inside the room, which looked as wide as a sports ground
from what I could see, there are a large amount of cushions spread out all over
the place just like those ball pits back in my world, and it seems like you can
lie down just about anywhere.

...How should I say this... Isn’t this a formation filled with uselessness with
no opening at all? Are you really that lazy...

I’ve known from the moment we met in the Human Realm that she was a lazy
person... but it seems that what she was wearing when she came to the Human
Realm is her, already trying to dress up. W-Well, how should I say this... I
should have known that Fate-san is like this, but for me to still be
surprised... Rubbing her half-opened eyes, Fate-san drowsily spoke.

[...You know I’m busy relaxing right... now?]

[...Errr.]

However, when those half-opened eyes widened when they caught sight of me,
Fate-san stiffened with a shocked look on her face. After she dumbfoundedly
stared at my face for a while, she began sweating profusely.

[...Errr... Are you... Could it be... Kai-chan?]

[Ah, yes. Errr, it’s been a while.]

[...Sorry, please wait here.]

[Eh?]

As soon as she said that, Fate-san closed the door after telling me to wait. Eh?
Wait here, how long do I have to wait here? As I was thinking about that, the
door opened again just after a few seconds passed, and Fate-san appeared.

[Yaa, welcome, Kai-chan! To my temple!]

[Wha?! E-Ehhhh?!]

Fate-san, who appeared again, had radically changed from earlier. Her beautiful
hair that seems to shimmer and shine, her pure white priest’s robe that doesn’t
have a single wrinkle in it... The overly stuffed room, which I don’t know if
there’s any place I can step on, was now dust-free, and the floors and walls
were polished like mirrors.

[Now, now, come in, come in, I’ll have some tea prepared for you.]

[...Errr, compared to earlier... Isn’t that quite the drastic change?]

[Ahaha, what are you talking about, Kai-chan? I’m a “clean freak”, so that’s why
my room is like this. I just woke up earlier... so I ended up showing you my
embarrassing side.]

You just woke up... No, that’s not what I’m talking about here though?! Your
room! I’m talking about your room!!! Isn’t your room just screaming out laziness
earlier?! It was literally a sea of cushions though?! Eh? What happened in the
last five seconds?!

[...If you could do that, you could have just done it on a regular basis.]

[Geez, even the God of Time and Space is being mischievous too~~ I’m the always
serious and energetic Fate-chan, you know?!]

[...I want to ask you one thing. Why do you look so lively right now?]

Unnn, even I can tell that Fate-san isn’t always like this. I mean, I was even
beginning to doubt if the person I’m talking with now is really Fate-san. It
feels like she’s trying to be obviously serious. What is this? This slightly
unpleasant feeling...

It seems that uneasiness hit right on mark, as when Fate-san heard what
Chronois-san said, she loudly declared.

[That’s obviously so that I could win Kai-chan’s heart!!!]

[...Oiiii... Fate-saaannn.]

[Well~~ I visited you multiple times but you haven’t reacted well at all, so I
was thinking that Kai-chan was actually homo...]

[Oi, stop right there, useless goddess.]

What the heck is this person saying now!!?! Who the heck is homo?! I’m asking
you!!! However, as expected of Fate-san, she magnificently ignored the shout of
my heart and continued speaking.

[However, I heard from Shall-tan that Kai-chan had become lovers with the
Underworld King!!! Then, doesn’t that mean I also have a chance!!?! I can also
do it!!!]

[...What the heck...]

[If the Underworld King is OK as a love interest, then that would mean someone
small-statured like me is A-OK!!! Then, I don’t have any choice but to go
attack!!! I’m aiming for my dream sponger lifestyle!!! I will be the God of
NEETs!!!]

[..........]

[..........]

Ahh, she’s still the same old Fate-san... When she said her wish of becoming the
“God of NEETs”, I can feel an irredeemable uselessness from her. Chronois-san
seems to be completely dumbfounded too, putting her fingers to her temples and
her cheek seemed to be twitching.

[And so, Kai-chan! For now, how about we start with a “kiss”!!?!]

[...No, even if you say it like you’re just going to have beer for now in some
izakaya... I refuse.[^izakaya]]

[Ehhh~~ Isn’t it fine, it’s just a contact with our lips. If you do it now, I’ll
even let you get the option of feeling my breasts!!!]

[..........]

Looking at Fate-san who is closing in on me, I backed away, somehow feeling a
sense of dejavu.

Unfortunately, Chronois-san still hasn’t recovered from her confusion yet.
Fate-san began walking up to me with bloodshot eyes, and there were even some
drool slightly dripping down her mouth.

[It’s alright, it will be alright... It’s just something like a light
greeting... Just a quick smack...]

[Please wait, Fate-san!]

As I’m pulling away with all my might from Fate-san, who is approaching me like
a starving, petite predator, Alice suddenly appears, looking somewhat flustered.

[Eh? Arehh? Shall-tan? What’s wrong?]

[...Please withdraw now!!! Y-You’re going to die?!]

[Eh? What in the world are you—Hahh?!]

Almost at the same time Fate-san tilted her head at Alice’s flustered-sounding
words, the entire room was enveloped in a “black fog”. Fate-san seems to have
immediately understood what that black fog was, and as her face began turning
pale, she began sweating like a waterfall as golden eyes appeared in mid-air,
glaring at Fate-san.

![Insert 4](../../_Images/v06/Insert4.jpg#.insert)

[...This... This is amazing... I... I have never felt like this before... I
haven’t felt death this close... N-No way~~ I-I-I-It’s just skinship... you
know?]

[Fate-san! Apologize!!! Quickly!!!]

[I-I’m sorr—]

Before Fate-san could completely say her apology, she was swallowed up by the
black fog, and her scream seemed to rip through the air immediately afterwards.

[Gyyaaaaahhhhhhhh?! St-Stoooooppppp?! You’ll tear me to pieces?! You’ll
seriously to piieeecccceeeeessss?!]

[...S-She was too late huh...]

[Higyyaaahhhhh?! I’ll be crushed, I’ll be cruuuussshhheeeddd?!]

[...Farewell, my soul friend... I’ll never forget how gallant you are.]

[Wait, don’t kill me off just—migyaaaaahhhhh?! I understand that I did a bit
thing, alrriiiiigggghhttt?! Wait, arehh? My wounds are healing...
Ginnyyyaaaahhhh?! Y-You’re doing this agaaaaiiinnnn?! S-Stoooooppppp?!]

Fate-san stayed being consumed by the black fog, and her screams rang out for a
while in the room.

Kuro, who came to stop Fate-san’s rampage... and beat her up, leaving after
making Fate-san look like a rag, and Alice disappeared as well. Fate-san, who
looked like she was tragically torn apart, was lying on her stomach in front of
Chronois-san and I.

[...I’m sorry I was born.]

[.........]

She’s already in tatters... Well, since it’s Fate-san, I bet she will become
lively again... Thereupon, Chronois-san looks at Fate-san and lets out a sigh
before turning to me.

[Now then, let’s head to God of Life’s temple next.]

[...Wait... God of Time and Space? You have no reaction? Ignoring me when I’m in
this state?]

[Unnn? Just go do your job.]

[Wait right there! I’m coming with you!!!]

Hearing Chronois-san amazedly tell her that, Fate-san quickly gets up and
declares... She became lively really quickly huh.

[It’s not like we would need more people just to show him around.]

[Aaaahhhh?! You’re just trying to get Kai-chan all to yourself, and when you see
the chance, you’re planning to become his second lover!!!]

[Like heck that’s the case! You fool!!!]

[Anyway, I’m still coming with you! I won’t do my job! Yes, it’s already
decided!!!]

[...You...]

Completely returning to her usual tune, Fate-san lightly shakes her finger and
making a cushion out of nowhere. She then flutteringly follows me and
Chronois-san. It seems that Chronois-san knows that persuasion is impossible
when it comes to this kind of situation, as they have known each other for a
long time, so she just lets out a big sigh again, her shoulders drooping down.

[...However, you see that. The Underworld King is scary... She beat me up until
I’m on the brink of dying, and after completely healing me, she beat me up
again... She’s a demon...]

[How many times did she heal you?]

[...48 times... Halfway through, I was beginning to think that she should just
kill me...]

[You reap what you sow though...]

It seems that Kuro was quite angry, as she beat her so much that it feels more
like torture. Well, she did say “The next time you do this again, I won’t
forgive you.” before, and for this case, I’m pretty sure that Fate-san just got
what she deserves.

Well, I’m absolutely 100% sure... that she won’t learn from this...

[Hey, Kai-chan. Console me... Just a gentle hug is fine, okay~~?]

[Mnhh? Underworld King, you’re back?]

[Hyiiii?! W-W-Where?! Where’s the Underworld King?!]

Apparently, Fate-san is completely traumatized by Kuro, and she looks around
with a pale look on her face when she hears Chronois-san’s lie.

[...wait, I don’t see her at all though?!]

[Fumu, I could use this...]

[God~~ of Time~~ and Space~~!

[Well, my bad. However, you should reflect a bit more.]

After leaving Fate-san’s temple, we came next to Life-san’s temple. The exterior
appearance of the temple looked exactly the same as Fate-san’s temple, but once
we went inside, beautiful flowers and trees that looked like ornamental plants
were lined up on both sides of the wide corridor, and the gorgeous beauty of the
place caught my attention. Come to think of it, I don’t think I have talked with
Life-san much yet... I met her once before, and from the way she greeted me, she
seemed like a calm, capable woman.

[Hey, God of Time and Space... She would be asleep anyway, so why did we even
come visit here?]

[...I know she would be, but we can’t just not visit her, right?]

She would be asleep anyway? What do they mean? Does that mean she’s sleeping
around this time?

[Speaking of which, why did Kai-chan come to the God Realm? No, well, as far as
I’m concerned, I really welcome it.]

[Errr, I was invited by Shiro-san.]

[Shallow Vernal-sama did? That means Kai-chan is going to the Sanctuary huh...
As expected of Kai-chan, that’s a great achievement. Hey, God of Time and Space,
wouldn’t he be the first Human to enter?]

[Umu... Or rather, other than ourselves, it would only be the Underworld King
who entered that place.]

[As I thought~~ We mediated at that time with “Hikarin”, so there haven’t been
any Human who entered the Sanctuary before.]

It seems that Shiro-san’s Sanctuary really is a particularly sacred place in the
Divine Realm, and no Human has ever entered it. Perhaps, when Fate-san said
Hikarin... I think she was talking about Neun-san, and it seems like even the
First Hero, Neun-san, wasn’t able to enter the Sanctuary.

As we talked about this, we continued down the hallway and stood in front of a
large door, and as we stood in front of it, Chronois-san knocked and called
Life-san’s name... However, we received no response.

[...For the time being, how about we go enter?]

[Right~~]

[Eh? Are you sure?]

[Unnn, she’s probably asleep anyway...]

Apparently, the both of them already expected the lack of response, and as they
opened the door, we walked in. I was somewhat bewildered when I followed them,
but when I entered, I saw a large room decorated with a variety of plants. In
the middle of the calm, nature-oriented room... a familiar green-haired woman,
Life-san, was comfortably standing in the middle of the room... but her eyes
weren’t open.

[Oi, God of Life, we have a guest.]

[...zzz... zzz....]

[...Well, I knew it. I knew there’s no way that the God of Life would be awake.]

Eh? She was sleeping while standing like that? I don’t know if I should praise
her or not... but Life-san is quite skillful. As Chronois-san shook her body,
there wasn’t any sign of Life-san waking up.

[...It was fruitless huh.]

[I told you it’s impossible, there’s no way the God of Life is going to easily
wake up once she falls asleep... Come on, let’s go.]

[Ahh, then, I’ll just say my greetings...]

Apparently, it’s extremely difficult to wake Life-san up once she’s fallen
asleep, as both Chronois-san and Fate-san shook their heads. But even so, since
we’re here anyway, even though she’s sleeping, I think I should at least greet
her, so I approached Life-san and spoke.

[Life-san, hello.]

When I spoke to her, not too loudly, but just at a normal volume, Life-san
opened her beautiful lapis lazuli eyes and calmly smiled.

[Hello, Miyama-san.]

[...What?]

[...The God of Life... woke up?]

Life-san easily woke up when I called out to her, making me wonder why they’re
having difficulty waking her up just now, but I heard Chronois-san and
Fate-san’s surprised gasps. I didn’t think this was going to happen myself, so I
can’t help but be speechless... But with a gentle smile on her face, Life-san
continued.

[I see you’ve come to visit the God Realm. My apologies, I was doing my daily
“meditation”, so I was late in noticing your calls.]

[Eh? Ah, yes...]

[...That’s one way of putting it.]

[...Even though she’s just sleeping...]

Hearing Life-san’s words, Chronois-san and Fate-san said something that I felt
I’ve heard somewhere before. However, Life-san doesn’t seem to be particularly
bothered by them, and still had a gentle smile on her face.

[It’s a great honor to see you again. Thank you so much for fulfilling Shallow
Vernal-sama’s wishes the other day. As a member of the Gods, I thank you from
the bottom of my heart.]

[N-No, that is...]

[...Amazing. God of Time and Space... The God of Life looks like a decent God.]

[...She certainly looks like a different person, isn’t she?]

I also heard that kind of conversation before. It seems that Life-san’s current
state is unbelievable to both of them.

[Miyama-san, if you have some time to spare, it may be simple, but do you mind
having some tea with me?]

[E-Errr... As much as I’d like to do that, Shiro-san has called me, so I can’t
stay too long...]

[I see, you’re going to Shallow Vernal-sama’s home huh... Well then, if
Miyama-san is fine with you, how about I also go with you?]

[ [ ......Eh? ] ]

When Life-san offered to accompany me just like Fate-san did, I heard
Chronois-san and Fate-san’s voices from behind. When I glanced towards them,
both of them looked dumbfounded, as if to say they had seen something
unbelievable.

[...God of Life, what brought that change of attitude? For you to leave your
temple on your own accord... Or rather, isn’t your attitude to Miyama different
from the others?]

[What are you talking about? Miyama-san is the one who received Shallow
Vernal-sama’s blessing, right? Then, it is only natural that he should be
treated with utmost courteousness as if we’re before Shallow Vernal-sama
herself. It isn’t strange for me to accompany such an important guest in the God
Realm... So that I could respond in case of unforeseen circumstances.]

[Mnhh, mnhhh... T-That’s certainly true...]

[It’s the first time... I’ve seen God of Time and Space get silenced by God of
Life with a good argument before.]

What is this? Maybe it’s because I don’t know Life-san on a regular basis but...
Doesn’t she have the impression that seems like a woman who would take matters
into her own hands? The way Chronois-san and Fate-san spoke though, it seems
like she’s different from usual...

Just as I was thinking about this, Chronois-san put her hand over her mouth with
a serious expression and muttered something, then, she turned towards me.

[...Miyama... As I thought, how about you go live here in the God Realm instead?
I will provide you with food, clothing, shelter and a gold coin a day for your
salary... All the work you need to do is just tell God of Fate and God of Life
to “do their jobs” once a day!]

[..........]

Seriously, how troubled is this person usually? She’s even willing to pay a
million yen just to hire me... It seems that it’s a really serious problem. I
kind of felt like crying for her when I heard that...

---

The Sanctuary... The most sacred place in the God Realm.

It is a small floating island that exists in the highest position in the God
Realm, and even the Supreme Gods can’t enter without Shiro-san’s permission. The
Sanctuary where I was brought by Chronois-san, Fate-san, and Life-san was too
beautiful and divine. The balance between the growing flowers, the wind, and the
white stones here and there... it feels so exquisite that it even feels like a
serious crime to destroy this scenery.

[...It’s a beautiful place.]

[Of course. This is Shallow Vernal-sama’s home... A place where most creatures
in this world can not even hope to see.]

[The plants here have been influenced to some extent by Shallow Vernal-sama’s
magic power. Hence, they keep the landscape divine, beautiful and untainted.]

As we slowly walked, Chronois-san and Life-san briefly explained to me about
some stuff when I reflexively expressed my awe. They say that this Sanctuary is
beautiful because of the presence of the Absolute Being, Shiro-san...

The atmosphere of the Sanctuary pushed me to move forward with a somewhat
serious atmosphere... through a place that could be described as a floating
garden. I could see the posterior figure of the Goddess with glittering
silver-white hair, in a position where the God Realm could be seen in full view.
It isn’t something like in those paintings anymore, as her beauty is so
breathtaking to behold.

As I approached, feeling somewhat nervous, Shiro-san slowly looked back at me.

[Hello, Kaito-san.]

[Hello, Shiro-san. Thank you for having me here today.]

[No... The God of Kaito-san’s world is quite the stubborn one, isn’t she?]

[...Unnn?]

Whoa there, it sounds like she started saying something incomprehensible just as
we met... The God of my world? Stubborn? I had been asking this multiple times,
but what the heck is this person talking about? Shiro-san, who naturally read my
doubts, nodded once with a blank expression on her face.

[I guess it’s natural that you would ask that... Well then, shall we move on?]

[.........]

Unnn. I knew it... I should have known, right? She really won’t answer my
question huh?!

[At this point, it isn’t really anything related to Kaito-san.]

[Does that mean it will be related to me later?]

[Yes.]

[Then, I would really be curious.]

[I’ll tell you when the time is right.]

[...Huhh... I understand.]

I’m still not sure about what Shiro-san mentioned before, but well, it sounds
like she’ll eventually tell me about it... so there shouldn’t be any problem...
right? Anyway, I didn’t think Shiro-san would answer me even if I asked any
more, so I nodded and moved on with the three Supreme Gods, following
Shiro-san... Towards where we’re going, it’s probably uncouth to question it.
She did say she built an onsen, so perhaps...

[...Shiro-san.]

[What is it?]

[It’s just that I have lots of things that I really want to tsukkomi now... But,
first. What kind of tree are those over there?]

[They’re “maple” and “ginkgo” trees.]

[..........]

The place where Shiro-san led me to is already a stunning onsen, just as she
said she would make it. The bathtub made of rocks lined up in a perfect balance,
and the white, murky onsens gushed out from its source... And then, there’s also
the maple and ginkgo trees that have turned beautifully red... As far as I know
though, there are no maple or ginkgo trees in this world. There may be similar
plants, but when I asked Shiro-san about it, she confirmed it herself, that they
were maple and ginkgo trees.

[...Could it be... You created them from reading my memory?]

[Yes.]

[...What’s that thing over there that looks like a
_Shishi-odoshi_?[^shishiodoshi]]

[It’s a _Shishi-odoshi_.]

[.........]

She even perfectly prepared a _Shishi-odoshi_... Even Chronois-san, who is
behind me, is struggling to hold back a headache.

[...Then, that thing over there that looks like an Onsen Inn?]

[It’s an Onsen Inn. There’s also a ping-pong table inside.]

[...And you... created them too?]

[Yes.]

As I thought, this person’s really absurd?! Didn’t you just completely turn this
place to Japan?! You even stuck to details and made a ping-pong table... I don’t
know if I should say that it’s to be expected from Shiro-san...

[I’m glad for the compliment.]

[...I’m astounded.]

As I was stunned by Shiro-san, doing as she pleased again, Fate-san, who had
been silent until now, approached Shiro-san while slightly raising her hand.

[Shallow Vernal-sama! May I ask you something?]

[You have permission to speak.]

[Hahh! What is Shallow Vernal-sama going to do with this rocky bathtub? I would
be grateful if you could share it with me who lacks wisdom.]

...Fate-san really changes in front of Shiro-san and seems to be a completely
different person, speaking in a serious, or rather, a really lively manner. When
she heard Fate-san’s words, she nodded once and spoke to them in her voice that
held no intonation.

[I will be bathing together in it with Kaito-san. The God of Time and Space will
also be joining us.]

[Eh? Chronois-san too?]

[.........]

I had heard from Shiro-san beforehand that I was going to be bathing with her...
and although I completely didn’t agree, I had given up on the idea of refusing
her. However, it was the first time I had heard that Chronois-san would be
joining us, and when I quickly looked back at her... Chronois-san was staring
into the void, with an expression that looks like she had given up on
everything.

[...Shallow Vernal-sama’s will take precedence over everything else.]

[............]

She’s too pitiable...

Honestly, even with just Shiro-san alone, I’m already expecting to be forced to
fight an extreme battle, but if the slender beauty, Chronois-san, were to join
us... To be honest, I was filled with thoughts of evading this situation, but if
Chronois-san somehow agrees to it, then it would be difficult for me to do that.

[I see, I understand. Shallow Vernal-sama... if you were to allow me, would it
be alright if I were to join you?!]

[Wait... Fate-san?]

[I can’t pass up this opportunity! Kai-chan, I’ll remind you again that I’m fine
even if you feel them!]

[...No, that’s not what I’m talking about...]

Fate-san, who was down on one knee in front of Shiro-san, started saying she
wants to go in too. Stop that... No, seriously, you’re going to bring my
reasoning to danger... Fate-san is also a very cute person, but she’s terrifying
since she can be forceful sometimes.

[I allow you to bathe with us.]

[Shiro-san?!]

[Hahh! I’m happy and grateful for your permission!]

However, as expected of the airhead Goddess, she doesn’t seem to understand
about my inner conflicts and just gives Fate-san permission to take a bath with
us. Chronois-san also seemed to have been listening to their conversation, as
she spoke to Fate-san with a shocked look on her face.

[Wha?! God of Fate?!]

[Shallow Vernal-sama, if you were to allow it, I would also like to ask the same
thing as God of Fate and request your permission to take a bath with you...]

[God of Life?!]

[I give you my permission.]

[Thank you very much.]

Eh? W-Wait a moment there? What the heck is going on here? Why the heck is
Life-san going with us too? I can still understand if it was Fate-san. That
person is always trying to make something established between us... she would
even try to reach out her hands at every opportunity she gets, but why is it
that even Life-san...

[God of Fate! God of Life! A-Are you two i-insane? Do the both of you have no
sense of shame!!?!]

[Unnn? Of course I have. But Kai-chan is my future husband after all, so it’s
totally OK for me to be seen by Kai-chan.]

[My role as the Supreme God is to make sure that Shallow Vernal-sama and
Miyama-san can enjoy their baths. Then, it is reasonable to bathe with them so
that I can be close to them and assist them when needed.]

[...Wha... you...]

Seeing Fate-san and Life-san replying to her as if what they did was natural,
Chronois-san twitched, looking stunned. How should I say this... Chronois-san
really is too pitiful... However, it isn’t like I can say that since I’m not a
stranger to this matter either. To have a mixed bath along with the beautiful
Supreme Gods, along with Shiro-san, who can be said to be the symbol of beauty
herself... I feel like my reasoning is already on its knees before the fight
even starts.

[This is what they called “Lucky Pervert”, right?]

[This isn’t “Lucky” at all if you made the situation yourself, you know?!]

I responded to Shiro-san’s airheaded remarks with a sigh, but Shiro-san only
tilted her head with the same blank expression on her face.

[Is that so?]

[Why?! are you tilting your head?! Shiro-saaaaaannnnn!!?!]

I’m already starting to get dizzy before it even starts... I mean, if I was able
to endure this event—wouldn’t that mean I achieved enlightenment?

Trials... It has been something that people have overcome since ancient times in
order to grow. One theory is that these trials are given by God. Some say that
God only gives us trials that we can overcome... but is that really true? At
least I’m not at all confident that I can overcome the current ordeal given to
me by God. Currently, I was looking at the white murky spring water, shuddering
at the thought of the trials brought upon me... was just a lie. I’m still a
man... All I can think about in my head is their sexy figures I’m about to see
on all sides.

Entering the onsens, the three Goddesses other than Chronois-san... Of all
things to do, they started saying incomprehensible things about taking our
clothes off together, since we’re going to the onsen together anyway, but I
somehow managed to convince them otherwise. Having to choose between going ahead
of them and waiting, or wait for them to change out of their clothes and enter
the onsen later... I honestly don’t feel like walking in on them later, or
rather, nine out of ten, I’d really like to run away from this place, so I just
chose to go ahead and wait. I haven’t got into the bathtub yet... because I felt
like if I did, my head would quickly boil over and I would end up passing out.

However, well, I’m wondering why everyone is in such high-spirits... No, only
Chronois-san, the only person with working conscience in their group, resisted
to the end, but sadly, Chronois-san couldn’t say no if Shiro-san ordered her to,
so she ended up agreeing to the mixed bath, even though she had a look on her
face as if the world had ended.

...Unnn. Chronois-san’s reaction is normal, right?

[...Thank you for the wait.]

As I was thinking about that, a familiar intonationless voice rang out and I
could slightly hear footsteps. Aside from Chronois-san, the fact that I can’t
even hear Fate-san and Life-san’s voices mean that the first person to come in
really is Shiro-san. That’s right, I’m confident that she would show up naked,
throwing the stone that would sink the ship of my reasoning... So since
Chronois-san is on my side, she agreed to make sure that Chronois-san is wrapped
in a towel. I wonder if my mind was slacking off or not... but when I heard
Shiro-san’s voice, I reflexively turned my head... and tremendously regretted
it.

[Wha?! Wai—Eh? S-Shiro-san?]

[What’s the matter?]

[W-W-W-Why... t-the towel...]

[It was properly wrapped on my body though?]

[Why did you wrap it “just around your hips”!!?!]

Yes, Shiro-san appeared... and she certainly had a towel wrapped around her,
just as I asked her... but it was wrapped as if she was a man... And than–
because of this, Shiro-san’s rich, shapely bulges and the beautiful protrusion
on her naked breasts made me swallow my saliva and blood instantly rose to my
face.

Shiro-san always goes way beyond my expectations... and it seems that what I was
thinking was still too naive. Or rather... A-As expected of Shiro-san... She’s
too beautiful. Even the expression “beauty incarnate” is lukewarm, with a
beautiful body and proportions that can be described as the golden ratio... I-I
should have looked away here, but my body doesn’t listen to me at all.

[S-S-S-Shiro-san?! A-A-Anyway, please hide your breasts!!!]

[Why?]

[Why... that’s because...]

[Kaito-san seems to be happy looking at them though?]

[Please don’t read the strange areas of my mind!!! Anyway, hide them!!!]

[...? I understand.]

Saying that I’m not happy seeing them... would certainly be a lie. I mean, we’re
talking about the half-naked of the immensely beautiful Shiro-san... And such an
appearance is already burned into my brain in an instant. Shiro-san just tilted
her curiosity, but following my words, she lightly waved her fingers. Thereupon,
the towel grew larger and it firmly hid her breasts. T-That was close... She
just entered the bath and nearly made my nose bleed in a matter of minutes...
Shiro-san’s scary.

Just as I exhaled out a sigh of relief, the door to the changing room adjacent
to the hot spring immediately opened, revealing Fate-san and Life-san.

[Kai-chaaannn~~. Thank you for the wait~~]

[ ~ ~ ?! ]

Fate-san did say before that her body might be petite, but she certainly has
breasts... And it’s certainly as she says, as even though she’s small enough to
be as tall as Kuro and Alice, but the breasts wrapped by the towel are quite
large... I think she might be about as large as Hina-chan. She’s certainly one
of those people called as big-breasted lolis... Personally, I thought they were
something created by the heretic minds of people, but when I saw someone like
that in person, I felt my thoughts completely overturned, as the gap between her
breasts and her height accentuated the immorality, and I felt like her
destructive power was tremendous.

[...It’s the first time I’ve heard of onsen... but it certainly has quite the
good atmosphere.]

[ ~ ~ ~ ~ ?!?! ]

And Life-san is... something that is difficult to describe in words... as those
things could already be considered as weapons. Along with Lillywood-san’s, her
breasts may have been the largest I’ve seen so far, and even though they are
hidden behind a towel, it feels as if they were reigning their overwhelming
presence over the others, bouncing like it’s about to spill out as she walk,
completely drawing my eyes to her.

I-I’m nearing the end of my rope at this point... I felt like my head was about
to overheat...

[Then, I’ll heal you.]

[Ehh?]

Announcing so with a wave of Shiro-san’s finger, the heat in my head, which was
about to make me faint, quickly resided, and after I saw the clear appearance of
Shiro-san and the others in my eyes, I felt my body heat rise again. And when I
felt like I would overheat again, the heat disappeared... but after a while, my
face started to get hot again.

Eh? What is this? What the heck is this? The embarrassment I was feeling doesn’t
go away at all, but my body is forcibly cooled down when I’m about to reach my
limit! Isn’t this already torture... She’s not even letting me escape by
fainting?!

[Yes.]

Seriously, you’re actually not the Goddess, but a Demon, right? I shudder at the
thought that she has the ability to crush every single one of my escape routes.
Trying to brace myself for the ensuing trial, experiencing a sense of despair of
my means of retreat being completely blocked... but that’s when I noticed
something.

[...Ummm, where’s Chronois-san?]

[...God of Time and Space~~ come over here already! It’s disrespectful to keep
Shallow Vernal-sama waiting!]

[I-I-I-I know... I-I-I’m coming...]

When Fate-san called out to Chronois-san, a trembling voice could be heard from
the changing room, and as if it was rehearsed, Chronois-san appeared. Different
from the other three Goddesses, not having to anywhere to get caught up to and
because she was that slender, if she lets go of her hand, it feels like the
towel she wrapped her body in will fall off, and perhaps, because she is very
tall, her appearance while she’s wrapped in her towel looked risque... I feel
like I would be able to see it if she walked. Chronois-san was wrapped in a
towel with her hands crossed in front of her chest, her face was already so red
that it’s as if she would faint from dizziness, and her body was trembling, as
if she’s a newborn fawn. What is this feeling, hmmm.... I’m feeling very sorry
for Chronois-san as she desperately tried enduring her embarrassment but...
Seeing her makes me feel soothed.

It may be partly because the other three are too open, but I couldn’t help but
feel my heart skip a beat, seeing the embarrassment on her face that should have
been a normal reaction in this situation.

[W-W-What?! M-Miyama! If you want to laugh, just laugh!!!]

[Ah, no, errr... Ummm, you looked so beautiful that I couldn’t help but be
entranced.]

[Whaa?!]

What the heck did I just suddenly freaking say?! It seems that I’m also quite
confused. Hearing my words, Chronois-san’s already red face turned even redder,
and her mouth snapped open and close.

[...Y-Y-You?! S-S-Such cajolery... i-is shameless!!!]

[I-I’m sorry. I unconsciously said it.]

[Ah, n-no, my bad. I-I don’t intend to condemn you... I was just not used to
hearing such words...]

[God of Time and Space, you’re sneaky. Even though you just came here, you
started flirting with Kai-chan.]

[I’m not flirting with him!!!]

As Fate-san complained while adorably puffing up her cheeks, Chronois-san
frantically shouted, and her voice echoed in the Sanctuary where there was no
one else but us.

While encountering a situation that challenged the limits of my reason right
from the start, I entered the onsen with Shiro-san and the others. It seems that
there’s no falsehood when I heard that the God Realm, being an absolute vertical
society, as Chronois-san, Fate-san, and Life-san waited without the slightest
movement, before they begin to move a few seconds after Shiro-san has immersed
herself in the hot water.

[...I see, being in an onsen feels good, doesn’t it?]

[Y-Yes...]

While dipping her long hair into the hot water, Shiro-san speaks in a somewhat
joyful manner, and I nodded, feeling my nervousness rise even with just those
few words. Taking care so that I would avoid looking at her as much as possible
as she entered the bath, but even so, just the faintest glimpse on Shiro-san’s
skin is so beautiful that it takes my eyes away. Thereupon, Shiro-san puts her
hand to her chin as if she’s slightly thinking about something... Her face is as
expressionless as ever though...

[I’m sure everyone wants to have some time to talk with Kaito-san. I should also
make sure he won’t feel dizzy...]

[.........]

She just started saying frightenings things though?! Not only did she just make
it impossible for me to faint, you won’t even let me get dizzy?! As I was
stunned by what Shiro-san said, she lightly shook her finger and a tray appeared
on top of the water... with cups of hot sake? Anyway, something that looks like
Japanese sake appeared.

[God of Time and Space, God of Fate, God of Life.]

[ [ [ Hahh! ] ] ]

[I’m sure everyone has their own things they want to talk to Kaito-san about.
Therefore, I will give all of you some time. I will allow each of you to talk to
Kaito-san one-on-one, in turn, in that area where you can see great scenery.]

[...N-No, it’s not like I...]

[Thank you very much! We’re extremely grateful for Shallow Vernal-sama’s
kindness!]

[Unworthy it may be of us to such consideration, we are deeply grateful.]

The reaction of the three of them... Chronois-san is somewhat flustered,
Fate-san understandably grabbed on Shiro-san’s words, while Life-san
nonchalantly followed Shiro-san’s considerations. Also, did they just completely
ignore my opinion?! Is it already decided that I’m going to talk to each of
them, one after another?!

[Yes.]

[.........]

Yep. I knew it, I should have known it but... I guess this kind of protests
wouldn’t work to Shiro-san huh...

Anyway, it was decided that I would talk to the three Supreme Gods... and
lastly, to Shiro-san, one by one.

From what I understood, the order will be Fate-san, Life-san, Chronois-san and
Shiro-san. Fate-san, the first one I will talk with and I moved to the edge of
the onsen, where we can see the trees and the scenery. Through the trees, we
could see the sky that could be seen from the Sanctuary, which was a fresh and
spectacular view.

[This is great! Kai-chan, it isn’t exactly the two of us in this place... but I
guess it’s just the two of us at this moment!]

[I-I guess so.]

[By the way, like I said before, I’m OK if you feel them, you know?! How about a
couple of squeezes just to check out how great they are?]

[I’ll pass.]

[Tsk~]

Seriously, Fate-san’s vigorousness is really bad for my heart... Or rather,
could you not try making your breasts peek out of the waters!!?! I know you’re
doing that on purpose, so could you just stop!!?! Thereupon, Fate-san comes
quite close to me, holding the tray with the bottle of hot sake in her hand.

[Here, Kai-chan. I’ll pour some to you.]

[...T-Thank you.]

Pouring sake into the sake cup, I thanked Fate-san before drinking it. It’s my
first time drinking Japanese sake, but the sharp taste feels pleasant and
refreshing to the throat. Looking at me as I drank the sake, Fate-san somewhat
looked like she’s having fun and slowly spoke.

[Seriously, Kai-chan, you’re so cold~~ Even though a beauty like me is already
presenting herself to you.]

[Those words mean nothing if you’re talking about yourself.]

[Ahaha, I guess~~]

[Speaking of which, I’ve been meaning to ask you for a while now...]

[Unnn?]

Thanks to the fact that Fate-san isn’t trying to stay too close to me as much as
I had expected, I was able to relax a bit. Since this was an opportunity to
leisurely talk with Fate-san, I decided to ask her something I’ve been wondering
about for some time.

[...Fate-san can control fate, right?]

[That’s right.]

[Does that mean, if it’s what I think it means... most things in this world can
be moved the way Fate-san wanted them to be?]

[Unnn, I guess you could describe it like that... Other than Shallow
Vernal-sama, I’m the most powerful God in the God Realm~~ Ehhen!]

[Eh? Really?!]

Fate-san is the strongest in the God Realm if we were to exclude Shiro-san? So,
that means the strongest of the Supreme Gods is Fate-san... I thought it would
be Chronois-san who was the strongest among them.

[I’ve been given the power to interfere with the laws of the world by Shallow
Vernal-sama. Of all the Gods, I’m the closest in power to Shallow Vernal-sama...
So, when I get serious, my “eyes” change to the same ones as Shallow
Vernal-sama... just like this.]

[...It’s true.]

As soon as Fate-san told me that, her normally reddish-purple eyes turned the
same golden color as Shiro-san’s.

[This is the power I hold. It’s the same eyes as Shallow Vernal-sama’s... The
eyes that see through the fate of the past, the present, and the future. Aren’t
they amazing? Have you fallen in love with me yet?]

[I won’t fall in love for that.]

[Tsk... Well, that’s why I’m the second most powerful among the Gods, right
after Shallow Vernal-sama. Like Kai-chan said, I can move almost anything I want
if I will... The number of beings that are capable of handling my power in this
world could only be counted in one hand.]

After telling her that, Fate-san took her hand out of the onsen, with her palm
open wide, before folding one finger after another.

[First of all, it obviously wouldn’t work with Shallow Vernal-sama. Then, I
don’t really know why, but it also wouldn’t work on Underworld King either... I
guess it must be because she held power equal to Shallow Vernal-sama huh?]

Apparently, even a Supreme God like Fate-san doesn’t know that Kuro and
Shiro-san are two sides of the same coin... that they’re half the bodies of a
single being. Fate-san tilted her head in curiosity, but she continued to fold
her fingers.

[Other than them, my power also doesn’t work on Shall-tan.]

[Even to Alice?]

[Unnn. Well, Shall-tan’s case is a little different though... Shall-tan has a
“technique that could change fate itself”, and she was able to counter me with
that... And finally, Kai-chan.]

[...As I thought, it also wouldn’t work for me huh. Is that because I have
Shiro-san’s blessing?]

[Correct answer, it’s as you said.]

Yes, I’ve anticipated that she had this power before... and that Fate-san’s
extremely powerful power to control fate doesn’t work on me. That’s why I’ve
always wondered.

[...Fate-san, I’m going back to my question... Then, why me?]

[What is?]

[If Fate-san just wants someone to support you, wouldn’t that be something you
can easily do? Why do you have to bother asking me when you know that your power
doesn’t work on me?]

Yes, this is what I’ve always wondered about. Fate-san is absurdly lazy, she
doesn’t want to work at all, and she’s always asking me to support her. At
first, I was bewildered by her vigor, so I didn’t have time to think about it...
but if I think about it again, that should be something that Fate-san, who can
control her fate, can easily achieve... No, even if she doesn’t control her
fate, there would be plenty of people who would unconditionally provide support
for her if Fate-san, a Supreme God, were to ask her to do so.

[...Because, that would be boring.]

[...Eh?]

It was a really unimaginably cold voice that was unlike the usual Fate-san.

[Kai-chan, you know, I hate troublesome things. But even more than that, I hate
boring things~~]

[..........]

[Someone who moves the way I want, someone who talks the way I want...They’re no
fun at all. It’s as if I’m just playing with a doll... It isn’t fun at all.]

[I-It feels like I can somehow understand... though it feels like I can’t...]

If you ask me, I think what she’s saying is making sense. Most of the beings in
this world can be moved to do what Fate-san wants them to do... For this reason,
they’re boring. These thoughts were something that a Supreme God who holds power
that can be described as absolute, so I think that these words directly come
from Fate-san’s heart.

[So, I was having fun with Kai-chan... Your actions aren’t something I willed
for, so it’s making me think... What should I do? Would this kind of approach
work? Would we get even a bit closer this way?... I’m really having fun.]

[...Fate-san.]

[I’m sure I won’t be bored if Kai-chan supports me... Kai-chan would be
pampering me lots after all, so I can be a NEET as much as I want!!! No more
work, and no more boredom! It’s the best!!! It’s totally perfect!!!]

[...All those went to nothing.]

[Arya?]

It certainly is true that she wants to be with some

one that isn’t boring, but it seems that her useless goal of wanting to become a
NEET is also true. Hearing Fate-san’s words as she spoke like a fool, a smile
mysteriously appeared on my lips.

Seeing my smile, a big smile appeared on Fate-san’s face, and as if she’s really
having fun, she declared.

[Well, be prepared... I may find things troublesome, but I’m single-minded and
persistent, you know? I’ll never give up on Kai-chan~~]

[...That’s quite the frightening words you said there.]

[Ahaha... Well, lately, it’s been a bit... really just a bit... I’m beginning to
think that if it’s for Kai-chan, I’d be willing to work a little bit~~]

[...Eh?]

[It’s nothing! Come on, let’s go drink! And when you’re finally drunk, reach our
your hands on my body!!!]

[Ahh, it seems like I don’t get drunk though?]

[...What... did you say...]

Thanks to talking to the usually aloof Fate-san, I think I’ve learned a little
more about her. She’s still finding things troublesome and was quite the
vigorous one with her advances as usual, but I’m starting to think—that they’re
also part of Fate-san’s charm.

After talking with Fate-san and drinking for a while, Life-san moved in next to
me, swapping places with Fate-san. The overwhelming presence of Life-san’s
prided breasts pushing the onsen water away was terrific, and even though I
won’t get drunk, I was still tipsy, so her curves were awfully vivid in my eyes.

[Thinking about it... This is the first time I’m having a leisurely conversation
with Miyama-san, isn’t it?]

[Ah, yes, t-t-that’s right.]

Calmly speaking to me, Life-san poured me a cup of sake with spontaneous
movements. Life-san, who is best described as an adult woman, coupled with us
being in an onsen right now, makes me feel like she’s someone who would hug you
with her understanding embrace.

[Come to think of it, Miyama-san... I heard that you’re on good terms with that
“Death Bringer”...]

[...Death Bringer?]

Hearing the words “Death Bringer” she said with a somewhat sharp tone, I
couldn’t immediately think of who she was referring to.

[I’m talking about Death King.]

[Isis-san...?]

Speaking of which, Chronois-san told me not too long ago. That Life-san and
Isis-san don’t get along...

As if to affirm that idea, Life-san, still holding that sharp tone, continued
speaking.

[It must have been hard for you, Miyama-san. I’m sure you must be having a hard
time being liked by such a selfish, hardheaded, self-absorbed fool like her...
You have my sympathies.]

[.........]

[To begin with, she’s always been...]

[...Life-san.]

[Yes?]

What is this, this... this different kind of heat that is gathering in my head
that was unlike earlier. Ah, yes... This is anger. Isis-san is a very kind
person. That’s why she has been suffering and grieving in loneliness, making
sure that her magic power of death doesn’t cause fear to others all these years.
She cares about others far more than she does about herself... Such a gentle,
lovely woman... Isis-san was such a person, and that’s why I can say with all of
my heart that I love her.

[...Life-san, what you think about Isis-san... that’s your own thoughts, so I
won’t say anything about it. However... Would you please not say that in front
of me?]

[...Why is that?]

[...It’s because I won’t allow it... you speaking ill of Isis-san... No matter
how powerful you are, no matter what happened between you and Isis-san in the
past... If you say bad things about my beloved Isis-san, I’m going to be the one
you’re standing against.]

[.........]

It might be a rude thing to say to a Supreme God... someone who is one of the
pinnacles of the world. However, this isn’t something I would compromise on. I’m
not going to tolerate someone who speaks ill of Isis-san... someone important to
me. Filled with definite anger, I stared at Life-san as she stared back at me...
and for some reason, Life-san let out a gentle smile. At that moment I saw that
smile... A thought that I think is close to certainty, flashed through my mind.

[...Life-san.]

[What is it?]

[Could it be... you’re trying to test me?]

[...I wonder? Is that how it is?]

Hearing my words, Life-san had a somewhat happy smile on her face, and then,
slowly bowed her head towards me.

[However, I certainly did say something about your friend... My apologies.]

[...Ummm, could it be... Life-san is actually close to Isis-san?]

[Fufufu, I wonder, what do you think? However... From the “letter Isis sent me”,
she seemed to be very happy to have met you.]

[..........]

I had just fallen into her trap... I was completely dancing on the palm of her
hand. If I think about it on the premise that Isis-san and Life-san are good
friends... then, without a doubt, the exchange just now was a test to see if I
was the right person to entrust Isis-san with.

As I scratch my head thinking like that, Life-san removes her gaze from me and
softly speaks.

[...I am the God of Life, while Isis is the King clad in death... It’s kind of
difficult to show my subordinates that we’re actually getting along. It would be
something that is rather troublesome.]

[...Then, as I thought...]

[Because of my position as a Supreme God, I couldn’t visit her often even though
she was lonely... And that’s why I’m grateful to Miyama-san.]

[Ah, no...]

That means they act like they don’t get along because of their reputation, but
they are actually close enough to exchange letters huh. I was completely
fooled... Or rather, Life-san’s performance was really good. I didn’t even
suspect anything from her sharp tone of voice earlier.

[However, I’ve certainly been rude to Miyama-san. As an apology...]

[Apology? Wait, Life-san... Why are you holding my hand?]

With a smile that looked bewitching, Life-san grabbed my hand that was submerged
in the onsen water, and pulling it, she placed it on her breas—Ehh?! Wait?!

[Wha?! W-W-W-What?!]

[Since you seemed to be interested in them some time ago... Here, please do as
you please.]

[Whawawa...]

The twin hills that are so big that my hand is buried within them, and yet,
they’re surprisingly soft... The fingers touching them sank into them as if they
were being sucked in, and yet, they held a certain elasticity, pushing my
fingers away. Or rather, she really found out that I was looking at her
breasts?! No, I mean, it can’t be helped... When they’re that big, I can’t help
but look at them... And they’re even this soft...

[...Gulp...]

[What’s the matter? You can do as you please with them, you know?]

This is bad, this is freaking bad, isn’t this seriously bad?! The fact that it
happened so suddenly left me mentally unprepared, and facing someone with a size
that was completely unknown to me... My mind became so numb that it felt like I
was charmed, and my fingers feel like they are going to move regardless of my
will. Desperately trying to hold on in this situation where my hand is pressed
up on her breasts, I felt my reasoning already in a precarious state... Even if
I were to rub them right here, it should be completely alright, right? The
thoughts screaming at me to endure it slowly fades, and the idea that I’ve done
well enough, enduring all these times, and that it’s okay for me to be at ease
with such a situation pops out of my mind.

With that, my reasoning broken after a few seconds... however, God hasn’t
abandoned me yet.

[What the heck are you doing?! God of Life!!! Shame on you, to do that in a
place like this!!!]

[?!]

Hearing her sharp voice, my hand was pulled away from Life-san’s chest and
Chronois-san stood between me and Life-san. S-She saved me back there... but
what is this disappointment I’m feeling now...

[What’s the matter, God of Time and Space?]

[What’s the matter, your head! What the heck do you think you’re doing!!?!]

[Deepening our friendship?]

[Stop messing aroooooouuunnnnddd!!! You’re making him feel your b-b-breasts...]

[Since the one touching them is Miyama-san, I don’t really mind, you know?]

[Shut up! Think of the time and place!!!]

Chronois-san, who is the only person with conscience in this place, furiously
protests to Life-san.

Then, she somehow manages to convince Life-san to return to her original
position. As expected of Chronois-san, she’s seriously my savior... That’s why,
these thoughts of her looking so cute when her face is as red as a boiled
octopus, let’s stop thinking about that.

[...I guess we should go back to drinking huh?]

With that, Life-san poured me alcohol again, and then, whispered next to my ear.

[...As I said earlier, I consider you, the one blessed by Shallow Vernal-sama,
to be a being above me.]

[...Eh?]

[That’s why, you obviously have the privilege to do as you please with my
body... If you want to continue, you can always come to my temple.]

[ ~ ~ ?!?! ]

With a voice so sweet as if it’s the voice of an angel, she whispered to me as
if it’s the Devil itself that is trying to tempt me... I-I don’t know if I
should say that this person is bewitching or not... But along with Archlesia
Empire’s Chris-san, she might be one of the most terrifying people in this
world.

After talking with Fate-san and Life-san, I’m going to talk to Chronois-san
alone next... I wonder what this inexplicable sense of security I’m feeling...

Just knowing that she won’t be doing any seductive things like Fate-san and
Life-san gives me a peace of mind incomparable to the others.

Slowly... Really slowly that I’m wondering if she’s trying to take up the time,
Chronois-san walked towards me with her head in a low position. Chronois-san is
very tall, about 180cm, and if she were to sit down normally, her head would be
in a reasonably high position... But as I mentioned earlier, her head was quite
in a low position. That’s because Chronois-san had deeply immersed herself in
the water that let alone her shoulders, even her neck was submerged... It seems
that she’s really embarrassed.

[...M-Miyama... D-Don’t look here! Absolutely don’t look at me!]

[I-I understand. I’m not looking.]

[Kuh... Why is this happening to me...]

[S-Somehow... I’m sorry.]

[Ahh, no, I’m sorry. I’m not blaming you for this.]

I’m about half the reason why Chronois-san is currently enduring shame, so I
apologized, but Chronois-san is a really kind person, and quickly stopped me
from doing that... Incidentally, if you don’t know by now, half of it is
Shiro-san’s fault. I can’t see Chronois-san now, but she’s probably flushed red
and flustered right now... I think it was because of the gap between how she
acts in situations like this and how she normally acts that I feel like she’s
very cute, but I’ll keep my mouth shut because she’ll definitely get angry if I
say that.

[...H-Honestly speaking... I-I’ve never been in the bath with a man like this
before. Therefore, I don’t know what I should do in situations like this.]

Unnn. I know... I can clearly see that. The fact that she hasn’t experienced
something like this before, I can easily understand that from her reaction
earlier.

[T-To begin with, what good can it even do to you to take a bath with me?]

[..........]

[Why aren’t you talking?]

[...Ah, no, errr... I’ll also be honest. I’m also bewildered and confused in
this situation... but I’m also happy, errr, bathing together with a beautiful
woman like Chronois-san.]

[Whaa?!]

I’m still a healthy young man, and while I’m embarrassed and nervous, I’m also
happy to be bathing together with these beautiful women. To put it in another
way, it’s more like a situation where you have the finest bait dangling in front
of you to eat, but you can’t take a bite even if you want to... Well, it
certainly is quite difficult but...

Hearing my words, Chronois-san sounded astonished, but after staying silent for
a while, I heard her softly mutter.

[...A-Are you serious?]

[About what?]

[I-I’m talking about... when you’ve been repeatedly saying that I’m beautiful...
that I’m lovely... Y-You aren’t just making fun of me... You’re telling the
truth, right?]

[...I don’t think my personality is that bad to make fun of you using such
words. I meant everything I said to Chronois-san. I think Chronois-san is a
really beautiful and lovely woman.]

[...I-I-Is that so... U-Umu... Should I say my thanks here?]

[I-I don’t know?]

W-What is this, I’m starting to get absurdly embarrassed now though?! I-I don’t
know if Chronois-san is being different from usual or not, but she’s strangely
feminine now and it’s making me very aware of what I’m doing right now. I-It
might have been a great idea that I had my face turned away from her... I would
be too embarrassed to speak properly if I saw her face in this state.

I don’t know if it could be described as bittersweet or not, but a silence
passed between Chronois-san and I, and after a few moments, Chronois-san slowly
spoke.

[...Hey, Miyama. This might be a good opportunity. Let me tell you what I really
had in mind.]

[Really had in mind?]

[Yeah... I think... you’re a “frightening” person...]

[...Eh?]

The words that she quietly said were something I hadn’t expected to hear. She’s
frightened of me? Chronois-san, the Supreme God who governs time, and one of the
strongest beings in the world, is afraid of me? Why? As if to answer the
question that came into my head, Chronois-san continued to quietly speak, but in
a somewhat solemn voice.

[...You’ve only been in this world... for only a few months. And yet, you’ve
changed something that hadn’t changed in hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands
of years, and you’ve changed it so easily.]

[.........]

[You are bringing change into this world... This is an undeniable fact. In the
past, there have been people who have brought about great changes in the
world... The First Hero is one among such people.]

Chronois-san talked about the First Hero... Neun-san.

Neun-san is a being who brought about a very big change in this world, and is a
hero that is still talked about today. The being who broke down the walls
between the three realms, talked about by the whole world... To be honest, I
think it’s a bit of a stretch to even compare me to her. However, the way
Chronois-san speaks, it’s as if she feels I’m on par with Neun-san... Or even
more than that...

[...Still, it took her 10 years to achieve that. I’m not saying that you’re
superior just because you brought the change faster than her, but still, Miyama,
you’re bringing a greater change to this world far faster than the First Hero.]

[.........]

[Everyone who is involved with you changes... Shallow Vernal-sama, God of Fate,
and even God of Life... That’s why I find you so frightening... When I talk to
you... It’s as if I, who has been unwavering for countless years, is being
changed in ways I couldn’t resist... That’s why I can’t help but be frightened.]

Change is frightening... It was a feeling that I, being human, could understand
to some extent.

Change isn’t always a good thing, and if the change is about you yourself... In
a way, it’s also as if you’re losing your past self, and in a way, it’s as if
you encountered the unknown. That’s why I could understand what Chronois-san was
saying... and why I didn’t refute.

However, what Chronois-san is saying didn’t end there... and with a voice that
sounds as if she’s saying that with a wry smile, she continued.

[...But at the same time... I find you... I find you likeable.]

[...Eh?]

[None of the changes you bring about are bad... Whether it’s the changes to
Shallow Vernal-sama, God of Fate or God of Life... I feel like the God Realm is
being changed for the better. So, while I’m afraid of the changes that are
coming, I’m also looking forward to the incoming changes.]

[...Chronois-san.]

[Hey, Miyama. You know, I... I’m feeling afraid about how you’re going to change
this world... but I also want to see where it goes, and wish to see it myself. I
have my expectations of you.]

Saying until that, Chronois-san held a sake cup in her hand, held it out to me
before pouring me a drink. In the corner of my gaze, which naturally moved, is
Chronois-san, with an affectionate, gentle smile on her face, looking at me with
her differently-colored eyes... With the appearance of a strong and beautiful
Goddess.

[...That’s why... Miyama...]

[Yes.]

[From now on, continue being the same as always... The you who are living up to
my expectations. Continue doing so... And I will always be by your side.]

[...I’m not that great of a person, and the things I can do are really
trivial... but, let’s see... If it’s within my abilities to grant... I would
also like to be someone who doesn’t disappoint Chronois-san’s expectations.]

Honestly, I think she was overestimating me. I don’t think I’m that great. I’m
someone who has been blessed with having people around me, but I think I’m just
an ordinary person you can find everywhere. However, if someone holds
expectations for this insignificant me... I’m going to do my best to live up to
their expectations.

[...You’re a warm-hearted person. I think I can understand... why everyone like
you so much.]

[E-Errr... Thank you?]

[Fufufu... Miyama, can you pour some for me too?]

[Ah, yes. Here...]

Chronois-san’s smile that I haven’t had the chance to see... looks very
beautiful and somehow feels divine. After listening to Chronois-san’s request,
the both of us poured alcohol to each other’s cups, and lightly clinked our sake
cups with each other. Before I knew it, I don’t know if Chronois-san’s
nervousness had faded or not, but I can see a little bit of her beautiful and
slender body, and seeing the glistening drops of water dripping down her skin
made my heart skip a beat.

[...This is a great opportunity. Tell me more about you, even if it’s just
trivial things... I want to know a little more about what kind of human you
are.]

[I understand... Then, in exchange, Chronois-san please tell me more about you
too.]

[Is that how it works? Fufufu, yeah, I don’t mind. but don’t expect anything
that interesting, alright?]

[No, I’m going to be expecting you to talk about interesting stuff.]

[...Good grief, you’re this kind of person huh...]

When I jokingly told her that, Chronois-san happily smiled. Was it because we’ve
spoken unreservedly with each other? Somehow, I feel that today’s conversation
has changed my impression of Chronois-san. I’m really glad to hear
Chronois-san’s real thoughts. There were times when I think she’s just
overestimating me, but I still feel glad that she’s holding expectations of
someone like me, and such expectation was never a burden for me. I know that it
would be a difficult thing to do, but I will do my best—for I want to continue
being a person who is upholding Chronois-san’s expectations.

After I finished talking with the three Supreme Gods, the next step is finally
to talk to Shiro-san... And since the next one is the unpredictable Shiro-san, I
began bracing myself for her to do something outrageous again. However, when she
moved to stand next to me, she remained silent as she poured alcohol into my
cup, before staring at the scenery swaying in the wind.

[...Shiro-san?]

Feeling that she’s acting somewhat out of the ordinary, I tilted my head and
called Shiro-san’s name, to which, Shiro-san slowly turned her head in my
direction. Her beautiful golden eyes quietly gazed at me, and her silver-white
hair, shimmering in the onsen water, accentuates her divinity.

[This is a good opportunity. I said before that I wouldn’t talk about it until
the time was right, but I think we should talk a bit.]

[...About what?]

[About that “wish” you told me back then.]

Shiro-san’s words that she said without any inflection... told me about
something I asked her to do before. It’s about what I’m going to do after the
year I’ve spent in this world... after the Festival of Heroes ends...

I had already decided what I wanted to do myself, but it wasn’t something I
could accomplish on my own. That’s why I asked Shiro-san that wish. At that
time, I remembered Shiro-san said that “she promises to help me”, and that “we
would talk about the details later”. In other words, what we’re going to talk
about now will be about that.

[I don’t mind fulfilling your wish. However, it takes lots of effort to fulfill
your wish... Do you understand that?]

[...Yes.]

It’s true that what I asked Shiro-san to do was, in a way, unreasonable and
selfish. That’s why I was prepared... that there would be some kind of
conditions to fulfill it. Quietly nodding, I waited for Shiro-san’s next words.

[Therefore, I will give you one condition in fulfilling your wish.]

[Yes.]

These conditions... that Shiro-san presented, I wonder what they are? At least,
I can tell from the atmosphere that it’s not just something like a date. That’s
why I felt some anxiety sprout within my mind but... Shiro-san lightly moved her
hand there. Understanding that she was encouraging me to drink my alcohol, I
gulped down the sake in my cup, and as Shiro-san poured me more, she spoke.

[...In Kaito-san’s world, there’s something called RPG, right?]

[Eh? RPG? Are you talking about the game?]

[Yes.]

Why did she suddenly mention that? Unnn. I’ve liked games before, and I
certainly have done a whole lot of RPGs, but why mention that in this situation?
When I ask her back while tilting my head, without any change in her expression,
Shiro-san continues.

[In these RPGs, there’s a being called the Last Boss, acting as the final ordeal
you need to overcome, right?]

[Y-Yeah... That’s generally what they are...]

[Well then, I’ll let you know about this now.]

After announcing that much, Shiro-san, looking at me with eyes that I couldn’t
read any emotion at all, told me the shocking words.

[From your arrival to this world, until the Festival of Heroes ends... If you
take that as one story, then, “I am the Last Boss” for you.]

[...Eh?]

What is she talking about? Shiro-san is the Last Boss for me? Why?

[You’ve met so many people, formed so many bonds. But it’s not enough.]

[...Not enough?]

[Yes, at least, it still isn’t now... Let’s go back to the condition.]

[?!]

The moment Shiro-san told me this, a feeling of intimidation weighs down on me,
so heavy that I can’t find the words to express it. It was difficult to even
breathe, and while releasing a pressure that seemed to crush every single cell
in my body, the Absolute God quietly announced.

[From now until the Festival of Heroes ends, gain more experience. Weave as many
bonds as you can. Turn those bonds into your own wings, not for the sake of
anyone else, but for your own sake instead, and then... Stand before me. At that
time, “Show that you can triumph over me”.]

[Wha?!]

[...This is the condition I offer to you.]

Win against Shiro-san? Me? Against an authentic God who is said to be the most
powerful in this world and holds nearly omnipotent abilities? No matter how I
think about it, that’s impossible... Does that mean my wish won’t come true?

As I’m thinking like that, Shiro-san reads my thoughts and quietly speaks.

[Don’t worry. I’m not going to offer you a condition that you can’t achieve. I’m
not asking you to fight me.]

[...T-Then, what in the world are you...]

[After the Festival of Heroes ends, I will put you through an ordeal. You must
overcome it.]

[...What if I can’t overcome it?]

An ordeal that Shiro-san, the Creator God, would impose on me... Honestly, I
can’t even imagine what it’s like. So, those words reflexively slipped out of my
mouth.

[In that case, the choices you will have in front of you would be the same as
the rest of the otherworlders.]

[.........]

[However, if you have survived my ordeal... Even if it means “crossing blades
with the God of your world”... I will grant you your wish.]

I don’t know why Shiro-san gave me such a condition. However, I think this is
something important for Shiro-san... That’s probably why the atmosphere around
us sounds solemn and serious.

[If you wish for more than that, you need to prepare for that... Show me your
true worth.]

[...Yes.]

[If you show me your true worth... I will “ask you to marry me”.]

[...Yes?]

Arehh? That’s weird... Was the atmosphere so tense earlier that it made my ears
go crazy? I thought I just heard a word that was completely out of place there.

[...Ummm, Shiro-san? What did you just say?]

[If you overcome my ordeal, I will ask you to marry me.]

[...Hmmm?]

It really is strange... I kinda feel like I heard something that sounded like
she was going to ask me for marriage. Eh? Was I just confessed to? Eh? Why?

[I have feelings for you.]

[Hwehh?! Ah, errr, yes... Eh?]

[However, all these things are new to me, so I don’t know what to do next.]

[H-Huhh...]

Shiro-san have feelings for me? I can feel from the atmosphere that she isn’t
joking... but with her face still expressionless, I don’t feel that it’s real,
or rather, how should I say this...

[So, I want to see definite proof that you’re someone difficult to acquire and a
being that is unlike others. Show me your true worth, and give me a reason to
believe you’re worthy.]

[...Can I ask one thing?]

[Yes?]

[...I’m sorry if I’m just misunderstanding it. However, could it be... that
those stuff about condition is just something to break the ice...]

[It’s just an excuse.]

She just easily declared it?! Without any hesitation, she just said that the
condition was just an excuse?!

[And with that, I’m looking forward to being with you.]

[Eh? Ah, yes, please wait a moment there?! Errr, ummm, that means, errr...
S-S-S-Shiro-san, ummm, likes me?]

[Yes. I have feelings for you.]

[I-Is that so... Thank you very much.]

Shiro-san told me so matter-of-factly that for some reason, I’m the one getting
more embarrassed here. However, the fact that Shiro-san likes me... To be
honest, I’ve never even thought about that. How should I say this... I really
feel like Shiro-san is someone above the clouds, someone unreachable by my human
hands... So, thinking of her that way before is... No, I suppose I can’t say
I’ve never thought of her that way.

H-However, what do I think about Shiro-san? To be honest, I was completely
caught off guard that my mind still wasn’t able to keep up with what’s
happening.

[Your reply isn’t required for now.]

[...Eh?]

[I still don’t know if my feelings for you are strong enough for me to take you
priority over everything else. So, I will ask you after you finish the ordeal.]

[...I-I understand.]

I have plenty of time to think about it huh... However, that makes me more and
more curious about what the ordeal is. In a way, that’s an act of trying to get
the hand of the Absolute God, Shiro-san... I guess it would be something really
outrageous.

[So, since the Festival of Heroes is still occuring, just like before, let’s
deepen our friendship.]

[Ah, yes.]

[Well then, let’s get on with it.]

[Wait a moment, Shiro-san... Why are you holding my hand?!]

[Just like what you did with the God of Life, we will be deepening our
friendship.]

[No, no?! That was the wrong way of deepening friendship... Hey, don’t bring my
hand to your breasts?! Wait?!]

The words Shiro-san told me were a shock to me. In particular, I was really
surprised to hear Shiro-san declare that she has feelings for me. However, the
other party is still the same Shiro-san... It was completely unexpected for me,
but it really seems that, for me—It seems like the Last Boss would be Shiro-san.

---

After the visit to the God Realm, which ended up being a fierce battle with my
reasoning, I wanted to cool my head, flushing red from embarrassment, so I
decided to walk home. As I walked down the road towards Lilia-san’s mansion,
which was beginning to get dimmer as night falls, I saw a familiar figure at the
end of the road. Her short, platinum hair, which is longer in her sidelocks,
reflects my image in her silver eyes which doesn’t hold any quivering at all...
A woman stands as if a portrait of her was placed right at the end of the road.

[...Ein-san?]

[I’ve been waiting for you. Kaito-sama.]

When I called out to her, a little confused, Ein-san gracefully curtsied and
gave a beautiful bow. Why is Ein-san in this place? She said she was waiting, so
I guess she must have some sort of business with me...

Seeing me tilting my head, with her usual coolness, Ein-san spoke.

[...I should have visited earlier, but I was hesitating. No, to be precise, I’m
still hesitating at this moment.]

[...Hesitating?]

[...Yes, as Kaito-sama may have conjectured already, I’m not very good at
expressing my emotions.]

I certainly always had the impression that Ein-san is a cool woman who is very
good at her job, but to my knowledge, I haven’t seen her expression and her tone
of voice change much. However, what did she mean when she mentioned she’s
hesitating? She mentioned how she was supposed to have visited earlier, so I
guess that’s related to me?

Seeing me tilting my head, Ein-san quietly continued speaking.

[...I was hesitating as to which way I could show you the gratitude within my
heart...]

[Eh?]

[It’s not enough to say a hundred words, nor would it be enough even after a
thousand actions... I have no way of expressing the emotions I have in my heart
right now.]

[...Errr.]

As she told me this, Ein-san slowly approached me. The small-statured Ein-san is
just a head smaller than I am, and as she gets closer, her face is at my chest
area. And then, coming in front of me, Ein-san slowly... reached out her
trembling hand and lightly grasped my clothing around the center of my chest.

[...Thank... you... very much. For saving Kuromu-sama...]

[...Ein-san. Errr, it’s not like I...]

[I know. I know that Kaito-sama doesn’t take such action as some sort of
achievement.]

Ein-san’s words, which seemed to see right through my heart, were exactly right.
It’s not that I was thinking of saving Kuro or fulfilling the wishes of the Six
Kings or Ein-san or anything of such magnitude. I only confessed my feelings to
Kuro because I was in love with her, wanting to tell her how I felt about her
and asking her to be my lover... Everything I did was just for me. It just
happened that such an act would lead me to saving Kuro.

[However, I can’t thank you enough. I don’t think I’ve ever seen Kuromu-sama so
happy.]

[...Ein-san.]

[...I was the first baby bird that Kuromu-sama raised... Kuromu-sama reached out
to me back when I was a little girl, alone and shivering with nowhere to go, and
asked me to go with her. She led me to the place where I could call home.]

[..........]

While holding onto my clothes, Ein-san tells me with her face down and her small
shoulders trembling... I just continued quietly listening to her story, trying
not to interrupt her as much as I could.

[It may be selfish of me, but I consider Kuromu-sama... as my mother. I am the
person I am today because of the love and nurturing that Kuromu-sama gave me.
That’s why I became her maid, to use this life that Kuromu-sama picked up for
the sake of Kuromu-sama’s will for the rest of my life... to serve Kuromu-sama
until the end of my life.]

[.........]

[...It’s ironic, isn’t it? I was so drunk with the happiness of serving and
being by Kuromu-sama’s side... that it was late in realizing the wish in
Kuromu-sama’s heart. I wished to live for Kuromu-sama... but I was also the
first one to drift away from Kuromu-sama’s wish.]

Ein-san, raised by Kuro, became a maid devoted to Kuro. But now that I know
about Kuro’s wish, I can understand her regret... Ein-san’s choice was to stand
behind Kuro, instead of Kuro’s wish of standing next to her. And just when she
realized that she was drifting apart from Kuro’s wish...

[...That’s something I couldn’t do anymore. I already clearly see Kuromu-sama as
my lord. I had formed a self that was proud to serve Kuromu-sama. I couldn’t
change the way things were anymore.]

[.........]

[I felt really pathetic... Even though I knew more than anyone else about
Kuromu-sama’s suffering, her wishes, and yet, I couldn’t do anything about it...
So...]

Ending her words there, Ein-san looks up. Her silver eyes that shed some tears
stared at me, and after a few moments of silence, she spoke.

[...Kaito-sama, I will remember this favor... for the rest of my life. Even if
you don’t think of yourself as such, for me, I still think that you’re our
savior.]

[E-Errr, I feel that you’re kind of making it sound very impressive...]

[No, I may be hesitating on which words to say to express my gratitude, but I
can unhesitatingly say that my thoughts about you come from my heart. I love you
second in the world. I will put you second only to Kuromu-sama.]

[.........]

What the heck is this, I’m kind of feeling a chill similar to how I felt when I
first met Isis-san... I don’t really know why, but did I flip some sort of
switch from Ein-san? Her expression still held the same coolness as usual, but
her eyes kind of looks like it’s filled with an absurd amount of passion in
it...

[...Simple it may be, I’ve finished telling you how I feel at this moment.]

[Errr, ah, yes. I-I understand?]

[...If there’s something troubling you, you can always call for me. If there’s
someone troubling you... I will immediately erase them.]

[...Y-Y-Y-Yes!]

She started saying some absurdly disturbing stuff?! I don’t know if what she’s
saying is just a joke or not but... I’m afraid of thinking that Ein-san is
really going to mercilessly erase someone with just my words. W-Well, it’s not
like I have any enemies, so maybe, i-it should be alright, I guess?

Removing her grip on my clothes and giving me a deep, respectful bow, Ein-san
looked at me again.

[...Kaito-sama, I’ve heard that you like ripple pie, is that true?]

[Eh? Ah, yes.]

[Well then, meager it may be, please receive these...]

[Eh? Wha?! Wait, E-Ein-san?!]

Right after I nodded, Ein-san took out a box out of nowhere that looked like a
cake box.... or rather, she’s just giving me a mountain of them?!

[...U-Ummm, I’ll just ask just in case... but these are?]

[Ripple pies. It might be presumptuous of me, but I thought of offering these as
my gratitude.]

[...Errr, how many of these are there?]

[Approximately around “1000”.]

[A thousand?!]

A thousand ripple pies?! Didn’t you prepare way too much?! Eh? The heck is this?
It kind of looks like a wall of boxes already though... Seriously?

[If you need more, I can always make them for you.]

[A-Ahhh, errr, yes. Thank you.]

W-Well, I have my magic box, so they won’t get moldy... but even if I eat a
ripple pie once a day, that would mean these are more than 3 years worth of
ripple pies...

[U-Ummm, Ein-san... Do you know what moderation means?]

[But of course. Compromise, moderation... It’s an indulgence that I, as a maid,
must eliminate.]

[...Okay.]

This woman is totally hopeless!!! In a different way from Shiro-san, I also
can’t talk to this person at all!!! As the dumbfounded me silently put away the
ripple pie into my magic box, Ein-san politely thanked me before leaving. Yep, I
feel like I’m caught up in something once again.

[Well~~ As expected of Kaito-san, I never expected that you would also catch
Ein-san into your basket...]

[Hey, Alice... Ein-san was just joking, right?]

[No, not at all. Ein-san basically doesn’t bend on anything that she decides for
herself. If she’s saying she’s going to prioritize Kaito-san as second in the
world, that’s really what she’s going to do... In a way, you can say she’s a
certain type of yandere, you catch my drift? If she sees someone as Kaito-san’s
enemy, without any hesitation or compassion, she will erase them immediately.]

[The heck is that, that’s scary.]

Hearing Alice’s words, who appeared as if it’s something natural, I felt the
same chill run down my back again as before... No, I’m really starting to feel
like something outrageous just happened.

[^izakaya]:
    Fate said "Toriaezu/For now", while Kaito referenced "Toriaezu nama/I'll
    have a beer for now

[^shishiodoshi]:
    Shishi-odoshi, literally means "beast scarer," is a thing that's made with
    bamboo that were made to frighten away animals.
