---
toc: true
---

# Serious-senpai's Room: Act 6

In the waiting room, which has become a completely dedicated room for her, the
embodiment of the concept of seriousness, Serious-senpai was reading the 6th
Volume of “I was Caught up in a Hero Summoning, but That World is at Peace”. On
the small table in front of her, there were two flags, one with an “O” and one
with an “X”, and Serious-senpai was looking at the flags with a distressed
expression on her face.

[...Hmmm. The lovey-dovey revision was a minus point for the serious of the
serious me... but serious parts had also been added. I’m not sure if I should
give it the “O” because it has a certain amount of seriousness, or an “X”
because it still has a large percentage of lovey-doveyness... I’m troubled.]

[It doesn’t really matter what kind of judgment Serious-senpai makes, since it
isn’t like your judgment would change the future, so can’t you just judge it as
you want?]

[...Main story characters should shut up.]

[Oh my? I wonder what you’re talking about? I’m just an Alice-chan fan, you
know?]

[Can you at least try to hide it a little better?!]

The stuffed cat who has become accustomed to being the contrast with
Serious-senpai... The self-proclaimed Alice-chan fan, ? ? ?, just like usual,
started saying things that agitated Serious-senpai.

[Speaking of which, Illness is your subordinate, right?]

[Huh?]

[...She’s Alice’s subordinate, right?]

[Right\~\~ She’s one of Alice-chan’s subordinates and one of the Executives of
the Phantasmal King Corps, the Ten Demons. Incidentally, Pandora, who came out
in Volume 5 of the series, is the leader of the Ten Demons.]

In response to ? ? ? ‘s stance that she isn’t Alice, Serious-senpai heavily
sighed before she continued.

[Well, being called Ten Demons... That means there are still 8 more unknown
members, right? What kind of people were they?]

[Hmmm. Let’s see. ...There are three other members whose loyalty is bugged
besides Pandora. And then, there’s that incredibly poor moth, a masochistic
bird, a snake who’s always crying and whining, a shitty, awkward tsundere of a
succubus, and a thin-skinned hikikomori. That makes 8, right?]

[...Errr... Isn’t there anyone decent among your... Alice’s command?]

[...There are a few. Incidentally, Pandemonium is the most decent among the Ten
Demons, and needless to say, Pandora is the craziest one.]

[How should I say this... Even you have your own troubles huh.]

After hearing about the last remaining members of the Ten Demons that ? ? ?
spoke of that were just too strange... having characteristics that doesn’t make
one think of them as decent people at the very least, Serious-senpai gave her a
slightly sympathetic look.

[Seriously, I wonder why are the people gathering around Alice-chan those that
had a screw loose in their heads?]

[...Don’t you know that birds of the same feather flock together?]

[...Ahh?]

If it had ended there, their conversation would have been warm and friendly.
However, it was unknown if she had misspoke or not, but Serious-senpai acted
stupid.

[...Hahaha, you sure say some very interesting things, senpai?]

[...Ah, no, ummm, that was just a figure of speech... Wait! What the heck is
that in your hand?! Isn’t that what you use to make cakes... t-that thing you
use to squeeze out fresh cream?]

[No, you see, there’s a lot of seriousness in this volume, and I thought there
might be a lack of sweetness in this volume... That’s why you’re that
loose-lipped now, don’t you think? Don’t worry... I’ll properly discipline you.]

One can’t see her facial expression behind her costume, but feeling her bright
voice, the dark aura around her, and the several tools ? ? ? held,
Serious-senpai retreated, her face scrunching up in fear... but she can’t get
out of this room.

[Ah, please don’t worry. Of course, this isn’t just a normal fresh cream. It’s a
fresh cream that I blended especially for you, with a dramatic increase in
sweetness.]

[I made a mistake! I’ll apologize! That’s why, take that sweet thing...]

[Ahh, by the way, what I’m holding in my hand is a... joke item that holds your
mouth open so you can’t close it.]

[S-Stop... Noooooooo!]

Serious-senpai is really fond of spicy food and hates sweet food. The cost of
her verbal slip was a sweet retaliation, and today, the sounds of Serious-senpai
echoed in the waiting room.
