---
template: afterword
---

# Afterword

For picking up the 4th Volume of “I was Caught up in a Hero Summoning, but That
World is at Peace”, thank you very much.. Since this is the 4th time I’m writing
an afterword, I’m running out of things to write about. Well, with that out of
the way, I’d like to talk about the contents of Volume 4.

First of all, there are some new characters that have made their appearances.

The first one would be... the Behemoth that became Kaito’s pet, Bellfreed. She’s
a cute fluff-ball, so she holds the position of a mascot.

The second one is Archlesia Empire’s Emperor, Chris, bringing about with her an
unexpected fan service. Rather, the 4th Volume got the first fan service in the
series huh. For a Light Novel, I suppose it was rather rare.

Next, there’s Illness, Albert Duchy’s Maid, and at the same time, one of the
Phantasmal King’s Executives. In the Web Novel, she didn’t appear until much
later, but she made an entrance in the Light Novel early. Excluding the Fairy
Razelia, she’s the shortest character in the series, being 120cm tall, but she
has an overflowing motherliness. I personally like characters like her who seem
suspicious at first glance, but is actually a good person.

The fourth and fifth would be the twins, Eta and Theta. In the future, I think
the two of them will be depicted a lot as a set, just like how they’re depicted
in this volume. Incidentally, their red hair and green eyes may have been the
same color scheme as Sieglinde’s, but they aren’t related to each other.

Finally, there’s the War King, Megiddo. Our illustrator, Ochau-sama, did a
wonderful job of designing them, and they looked very cool. As for that true
form shown in the setting pictures, I won’t mention anything about that for now.
Rather, they haven’t even shown their true form in the Web Novel... so this
matter is still a little secret.

Also, although she hasn’t appeared in the illustrations yet, Kaito has finally
met the Phantasmal King No Face for the first time in this volume. It seemed
that she has been trying to coerce Megiddo in a roundabout way, and even spread
information about Kaito, but every work she had said shows that she likes Kaito,
a being whose purpose and identity are unknown. However, the role of the
Phantasmal King No Face is gradually increasing, and she will become the center
of the story, especially in the next volume, so I hope you’ll look forward to
that too.

Now that we’ve talked about the 4th Volume, I’d like to make some announcements
and advertisements. “I was Caught up in a Hero Summoning, but That World is at
Peace” now finally has a manga. A little later than the release date of this
volume, the serialization will begin in August 26 issue of Compa Ace. It has a
different hint of goodness from the novel, so I would be honored if you could
pick that up as well.

Thank you very much for reading until the end. I’d be happy to talk to you about
the series in the next volume. Finally, I would like to say thank you very much
for picking up my work. I hope to see you again in the afterword of the 5th
Volume.
