---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 3: Redeemed Power

Main street, in the late afternoon. I walked along the crowded street, looking
at the sidewalks. I was just curiously looking around, but of course, I also
have other reasons why I’m walking along this street. I’m currently in the
middle of looking for a good restaurant. Isis-san had helped me back in the
Sacred Tree Festival, so I thought I’d treat her to a meal to thank her. I
thought that if I’m going to treat her, it should be a really good restaurant
but... unnn, it’s difficult.

There are a lot of restaurants on the main street, but many of the names of the
dishes they served were unfamiliar to me. It isn’t surprising since I’m in a
different world, but the fact that I can’t imagine what they would taste like is
more troublesome than I thought. Though I say that, it’s not as if I have a
bottomless pit of a stomach that I could compare all the food that I eat. I’ll
have to decide on a direction I’d like to go in.

Now then, what should I do... I guess it would be better if I consult someone
huh? Come to think of it, didn’t Kuro enjoy eating while walking? The Red Bear
Sandwich that we ate when I went on a date with her was delicious, so I suppose
it would be a good idea to ask Kuro about it. Ahh, but I often meet Kuro at
night, so I guess it would be hard to ask her right now huh...

...I wonder if I could get through to Kuro if I talked to the necklace she gave
me? That won’t work, right? There’s now way it could pick up the sound of my
surroundings...

[Kuro, there’s something I’d like to ask you, but would it be alright?]

[Unnn? You called me?]

[...Yeah, I did call you... but I’d like to ask you why you immediately appeared
when I called.]

[...Perception?]

Why are you looking away? You’re definitely hiding something, aren’t you?!

[W-Well, putting that aside, you wanted to ask something?]

You’re not very good at diverting the conversation away, you know that? Oh well.
If it’s Kuro, she wouldn’t misuse it, and it’s better than Shiro-san, who was
even peeking into my mind.

[Actually, I’m looking for a restaurant that is rather high-class, but is there
a restaurant like that around?]

[Fumu fumu, in that case, you can count on—Ahh, wait a moment, okay?]

[Unnn?]

Just as Kuro smiled when she heard my question, her expression suddenly turned
serious, and a black vortex appeared on the side of her face.

[...No, there’s still room for cost reduction for that product. Return it back
and revise it.]

[K-Kuro?]

[Sorry, sorry, a good restaurant, right? If that’s the case, a good place would
be—Why? We came to an agreement with that transaction four days ago, didn’t we?
That’s already the third time they’re negotiating a mark-up. We’ve made enough
concessions. We have other sources anyway... so cut them off right this instant.
Until they lower their initial offer, we won’t make any deals with them.]

Kuro, speaking to the black vortex, wasn’t her usual cheerful self, but instead
giving me the impression of a capable businesswoman.

[Ummm, Kuro... I-If you’re busy, you don’t have to push yourself...]

[It’s alright. I was just in the middle of a meeting. However, wait for a bit,
okay?]

That doesn’t sound alright though?! You’re in the middle of a meeting? You snuck
out during a meeting? After telling me to wait for a moment, Kuro turned to the
black vortex and continued talking.

[Unnn, the first idea was good. It’s thought out well. You can proceed as in
your plan, but since it might limit your targets, you need to be careful. As for
the second idea... It would be rejected for the time being, but you can bring it
up again next time. What’s next? You were pretty unclear with this idea’s
advantages. Show us its merits and demerits, then you can submit it again.]

Hmmm, as expected of the Honorary President of the world’s largest Trading
Company, the way she briskly talked looked so cool.

[Unnn? Use Kaito-kun for publicity? The next time I hear something like that,
“I’ll crush you where you stand”. What’s next? I won’t allow budget cuts for
personnel training. That’s exactly where the money should be spent. If you want
to try cutting down cost, you can do it somewhere else. Anything else? Unnn...
Ahh, I’ve also been keeping an eye on that business too. They only have a few
staff, but they were conscientious and skilled, so I’d like to build a good
relationship with them. Since they seem to be having financial problems, why
don’t you try suggesting cooperation through that? As for the conditions,
propose a 6:4, in favor of their side. Unnn, I’m counting on you.]

For a moment, I thought I heard her say something disturbing, but Kuro continued
to talk, and after a while, it seemed like she had settled everything on her
side and nodded once.

[Alright, that ends today’s meeting. Send me the report later. Ahh, and also,
don’t send me any other messages today. I’ll get mad when that happens. Well
then, I’m counting on all of you.]

After Kuro said that, she wiped away the black vortex and turned to me with a
smile.

[Sorry to keep you waiting, Kaito-kun.]

[N-No, it’s alright... Unnn, I already knew that you were such a person, but
when I saw it in person, I realized that Kuro really was amazing. You looked
kinda cool.]

[Really? Ahaha, I’m kinda feeling a little embarrassed. However, my family’s
children were all excellent, so there’s not really much for me to do. Anyhow, a
good place to eat, right?]

[Eh? Ah, unnn.]

When I told her my honest praises, Kuro’s cheeks slightly blushed as she smiled,
before she returned to our earlier topic.

[If that’s the case, I’ve got the right thing for you! Here, take this!]

[...A book?]

What Kuro handed me was a slightly large, beautifully decorated book, but how
exactly would this be the right thing for me? Let’s see, the title is... “Eating
Tour in its Entirety Guide: Symphonia Kingdom”?

[...What’s this? A gourmet journal?]

[Look, Kaito-kun knows that my hobby is eating while walking, right?]

[Unnn.]

[So, I sometimes make a book about all the shops that I like. It’s just an
extension of my hobby, so I don’t really sell them and just give them out to my
family.]

Surprisingly, it seems that Kuro wrote this book. This is amazing. Even though
she said this is just an extension of her hobby, it has a solid design and looks
like it has a lot of pages.

I see, so I suppose the Symphonia Kingdom in its name means I’ll be able to find
out in this book the shops Kuro recommends in Symphonia Kingdom.

When I flipped through the pages, I saw that there were some stars next to the
names of the shops’ names, and they seem to be rated on a scale of 1 to 10 based
on the numbers of stars. Since this was made from her hobby, the impressions
written here were mostly based on Kuro’s subjective opinions, but the number of
dishes she introduces is abundant, and the explanations were very carefully
written. This book is very easy to understand. It includes the locations of the
shops, and even after just a casual flip through, I already found some
restaurants that caught my interest.

[Thank you for this. It really helps me.]

[If you’re happy with that, I’m also happy... Well then, here! I’ll give you the
whole set!]

[The whole set?! Wait—There are so many?!]

When I thanked her, she smiled and took out “about a hundred books” about the
same size as the earlier book. Eh? Wait a moment?! She made this much?!

[If it’s for the Symphonia’s royal capital, it should be from here to here?]

[Eh? You already have several books just for the royal capital alone?]

[I think for Symphonia’s royal capital... I’ve written about 5 volumes.]

There’s about 300 pages in a single volume... 5 volumes for just the royal
capital, that’s quite outrageous. I think just reading through them would take
me several days. Well, they looked like an interesting read, so since she’s
giving those books to me, I’ll gratefully accept them. They will be useful when
I go sightseeing in another country. In any case, since the author herself is
here, I’m just going to ask her directly about a restaurant that looked like a
good place to thank Isis-san.

[By the way, if we’re going to have a fancy lunch, which restaurant is Kuro’s
top choice?]

[Let’s see\~\~ I have several restaurants in mind, but roughly speaking, which
one do you like better, meat or fish?]

[...I wonder?]

[Unnn?]

After Kuro told me that, I realized something. Thinking about it again, I don’t
know what Isis-san likes... She might have some food that she doesn’t like, so I
suppose I should check that out first. I wonder if Kuro would know about it? I
did hear that the Six Kings get along well with each other...

[I wanted to treat Isis-san to something to thank her for saving me before, but
I’m not really sure what kind of restaurant we should go to.]

[Errr, Kaito-kun? You’re going to eat outside with Isis?]

[Unnn, that’s what I planned...]

[Isis... “can’t go into a normal restaurant, you know”?]

[Eh?]

[I mean, look, she had her magic power of death, right?]

[Ahh...]

Am I actually an idiot? I overlooked the most vital thing. That’s right, I was
unaffected by it so I’ve completely forgotten, but Isis-san had the magic power
of death. Its influence is so strong that just when Isis visited the city,
people disappeared from the main street. It would be difficult to bring
Isis-san, who is feared so much, to an ordinary restaurant. Most of all, I’m
sure Isis-san wouldn’t be happy with the atmosphere around that seemed to reject
her. I mean, I myself also don’t want to see such a scene. Although she’s feared
because of her magic power of death, Isis-san is a very kind and delicate
person.

If it’s possible, I want to keep the smile on Isis-san’s lips. At least, when
she’s with me, I want her to not think about her magic power of death. While I
was thinking about this, Kuro spoke with a gentle smile on her face.

[I don’t think you really need to be fixated on restaurants, right?]

[Unnn?]

[Look, for example, wouldn’t bringing a bento and going on a picnic also be
fun?]

[That’s it!]

A picnic certainly is a great idea. Food eaten outside would be just as tasty,
and I’m sure Isis-san will enjoy it too. That being the case, what I should be
searching for shouldn’t be a restaurant... but a place that could preferably
have a great view, where Isis-san can rest her mind.

[...Hey, Kuro. I just thought of something, but would it be alright if I consult
it with you?]

[You thought of something? What is it?]

[I don’t know if there really is that kind of place, but for example—]

It might just have been a random thought. However, I don’t think it’s a bad
idea. In that case though, the location of our picnic will be important. I’m not
really familiar with the geography of this world, so I wouldn’t know if “a place
like that” exists, but if it’s Kuro, she might know such a place. Explaining to
her the idea I had in mind, Kuro looked surprised for a moment, before she
happily smiled.

[...I see, that sounds great. I’m sure Isis will be happy about that.]

[However, do places like that exist?]

[There are quite a few. However, if it’s somewhere near the royal capital... You
can go out the South Gate, turn right off the road and walk for about an hour to
a hill. I’ll draw you a map later.]

As expected of Kuro, she’s very reliable. I can’t thank her enough for
suggesting the best place for my idea. With this, my direction of actions is
decided. All that’s left would be preparations. Right at that moment, Kuro
seemed to have seen through my thoughts, as she spoke with a gentle smile on her
face.

[In that case, the next part would be shopping, right? I’ll go with you.]

[Eh? I-I’m happy if that’s the case, but aren’t you busy?]

[It’s alright. I don’t have anything urgent to do today. Besides, I’ve known
Isis for a long time, so I think I can give you some advice.]

[...Thank you. I’ll properly thank you next time.]

[Ahaha, don’t worry about it. Come on, let’s go!]

Saying this, Kuro pulled my hand. Feeling her small soft hand on mine, my heart
couldn’t help but skip a beat.

In front of the South Gate of Symphonia’s royal capital, I met up with Isis-san.
It’s currently 10 o’clock in the morning, and it’s about an hour’s walk to the
hill where we’re going, so if we take it easy, we’ll arrive there around
lunchtime.

Incidentally, I’ve already told the soldiers at the South Gate that Isis-san
would be coming. Thereupon, the soldiers quickly evacuated the area, and now,
there was no one left near the South Gate. Knowing that this happened just
because Isis-san is coming makes me feel a bit sad. However, to avoid making
Isis-san look sad, this is a better way to go about the situation.

Isis-san is a kind person after all, so it would make her feel sad to see people
frightened of her...

As I was thinking about this, I saw a piece of ice dancing at the edge of my
vision like a sparking flower petal, which then gradually turned into a big
block of ice. And then, when that block of ice shattered, Isis-san appeared,
clad in a pale light of magic power. The pieces of ice dancing about with her
arrival looked so mystical and beautiful.

[...Kaito... Hello.]

[Hello, Isis-san. I’m sorry for calling you on such short notice today.]

[...No... If I could... meet Kaito... you can always... call me... and I
would... happily come.]

As I was being soothed by the cuteness of Isis-san’s smile, we exchanged light
greetings.

[...Is something... the matter today?]

[Errr, remember when I told you I’d treat you to a meal as thanks back at the
Sacred Tree Festival? I invited you to come today about it.]

[...Eh? ...B-But... if I were to go... Everyone... would run away... and I would
also... trouble Kaito.]

[Even if that were to happen, I don’t think you’d make me feel troubled... but
it’s alright. We’re not going to eat in the city today.]

I responded to Isis-san’s anxious expression, wondering she would be troubling
me, with the brightest smile I could muster.

[Isis-san, let’s go on a picnic!]

[...A picnic?]

[Yes. There seemed to be a hill with a nice view about an hour’s walk away, so
let’s have a picnic there. I’ve prepared bentos for us.]

[...Is Kaito... alright with that? ...Going... together with me...]

Isis-san has been avoided by so many people for so long that she inherently
lacked self-confidence. That’s why she sometimes asks me with an anxious
expression on her face if it’s really alright with me. She’s anxious. That’s why
I decided to be cheerful and extremely affirmative with her.

[Of course. I mean, I’m the one who invited you, remember?]

[...Ahhh... Unnn! ...I’m looking forward to it... Picnic with Kaito.]

[I’m happy to hear that.]

[...If Kaito is happy... I’m also... happy.]

[Ahaha. But well, just like before, if any monsters appear, I’ll have to ask
Isis-san to help me...]

[...Don’t worry... I will... protect Kaito.]

Clenching her small fist, Isis-san looked as if she wanted me to rely on her.
She looks really cute.

[...So... where are we going?]

[Errr, I heard that there’s a hill with a nice view about an hour’s walk from
the South Gate, so let’s go there.]

[...Unnn... Should I... carry you?]

[No, since we’re going on a picnic, let’s take a leisurely walk.]

[...Alright.]

Isis-san and I left the South Gate side by side, and started walking towards the
hill that Kuro had told me about. It’s a beautiful day today, and the slight
breeze blowing in the air is quite pleasant. The Symphonia Kingdom is a lush
green country, and the prairie spread around the royal capital is really like a
carpet of greenery. As I grew up in a city when I was on Earth, this kind of
scenery is quite refreshing. Even though it’s a prairie, the grass is low and it
feels like a lawn, so it’s easy to walk on and we can see the scenery clearly.

[Arehh? Is there something over there? I wonder what that is?]

Finding something bouncing in the distance, I muttered to myself. It’s hard to
tell from a distance, but I guess it’s about the size of a baseball?

[...That is... a slime... There’s a lot of slimes... living around here.]

[Ohh, so it’s that slime huh... it’s not going to attack us, right?]

Seeing the slime, which is one of the most common monsters in games, made me a
little nervous, but I was also worried that it might attack me. No, I suppose it
won’t come any closer tha it already is because of Isis-san’s magic power of
death but...

[...Don’t worry... Slimes... don’t attack Humans... That’s why... they
weren’t... even being subjugated.]

[I see, that’s a relief then.]

[...Unnn.... They’re docile... and only consume water... and there were even
many Humans... who keep them as pets.]

Now that she mentioned it, I feel like I’ve seen those slimes around the city.
If there’s a lot of people who keep them, should I try searching for them some
other time? It seems comfortable to touch, looking like a jellyfish, so I’d like
to try touching it.

[Fumu fumu. Ahh, come to think of it, I still haven’t mentioned it to Isis-san,
but I’m now keeping a pet.]

[....Really? ...A monster?]

[Yes, a Behemoth.]

[...Wouldn’t that... destroy Lilia’s home?]

[...No, she’s still a baby but, errr, I guess she really would become really big
huh?]

I’ve heard from Alice that an adult Behemoth can be over a hundred meters tall,
and even the baby Bell is quite large. However, I guess I’m still feeling
skeptical that she can really grow to the size of a kaiju. I mean, she’s already
cute enough with her current size, so I hope she stays that way.

[...Behemoth grows... very slowly... It would take about a thousand years... for
them to reach adulthood.]

[Ahh, it would still take that much time huh.]

[...Unnn.]

It will take a thousand years to reach full growth and eventually exceed a
hundred meters tall, and with simple calculations, I guess she will grow about
10m in a hundred years? If that’s the case, I’m relieved. At least, for the time
being, Bell will remain the cute fluffball she is now. Thank goodness.

While chatting with Isis-san like that, we leisurely walked through the prairie.
Probably because of the influence of the magic power of death, but even though I
could see the shadow of animals in the distance, but within a certain radius...
at the very least, they will never come within a hundred meters from us.

But thanks to this, we can walk around looking at the scenery without worrying
about monsters, so it’s not all bad. I feel that this natural scenery with
abundant greenery mysteriously calms my mind.

[How should I say this... It sure is tranquil, isn’t it?]

[...Unnn.]

It’s not that we had a lively chat, but we did occasionally exchange words while
walking. A quiet, but comfortable atmosphere like this, feeling like time is
flowing slowly isn’t bad at all. In fact, I feel like I’m having a very
luxurious time right now. I’m not sure if Isis-san also feels that way, but she
seems to be enjoying herself, and when our eyes meet, she gently smiles at me.

[...I haven’t walked... like this... in a very long time.]

[Come to think of it, Isis-san usually floats a bit in the air, don’t you?]

[...Unnn... but... I sometimes walk... like when I’m picking up mementos.]

[Memento?]

After hearing Isis-san’s words, I tilted my head and asked her back. Thereupon,
she lightly smiled and responded.

[...After I finished... reading a book I like... I would pick up an item that
appeared in it.]

[I see, memento for an interesting book you found huh.]

[...Unnn... It’s my... hobby.]

[That’s a nice hobby. What kind of things have you collected so far?]

Collecting items from books that she liked is a very stylish hobby, typical of
Isis-san. With her collecting mementos from the books she read, she will
experience not only the fun in retrieving those items, she would also get to
look at her collection later.

[...Errr... Flowers... Fruits... Plushies.]

[Heehhh\~\~]

Unnn, I could already imagine how cute it would be. I would really love to see
Isis-san hugging a plushie. Flowers and such also suits the lovely Isis-san...
Ahh, perhaps, that Blue Crystal Flower Isis-san had given me before may have
been something she collected as a hobby.

[...Chests... Armors and helmets... Trees.]

[...U-Unnn?]

Arehh? I feel like things are heading in a strange direction here. No, I can
still understand the chests, armors and helmets. However, how in the world is
she gathering trees? They’re just seedlings, right? She’s talking about
seedlings, right? There’s no way she just uproots a fully grown tree, right?

[...Also... a mountain.]

[A mountain?! W-Wait a moment! How the heck...]

[...I did my best.]

Wow, I didn’t know that mountains actually are things that you can gather by
doing your best... Like hell that was the case! Amazing... Even when she’s this
cute, I guess that’s to be expected of someone among the Six Kings. She easily
surpasses my common sense. I mean, what kind of books would lead her to the
conclusion that she wants to retrieve a mountain?

[Ummm, by the way, what kind of books were you reading when you retrieved that
mountain?]

[...Life in the Mountains... A book written for mountaineers... It was a good
book.]

[I-I see.]

I think that book also featured some other small items that a person could
realistically retrieve...

[...I’ll lend that book to you later... I’d like Kaito... to read it too... and
hear... your thoughts about it.]

[I-I suppose so! I’ll borrow it then.]

I’m also wondering where she’s storing that mountain... b-but well, if Isis-san
is having fun, let’s just not mind it.

[On a different note, when would be a great time for me to visit Isis-san’s
home?]

[...I’m fine... with any day... Kaito coming... already makes me happy.]

[Then, we’ll discuss the details of our schedule later... I think the time I’ll
visit Isis-san would also be the first time I visit the Demon Realm, but where
in the Demon Realm is Isis-san’s home?]

[...In the Northern part of the Demon Realm... in a place called Land of Death.]

[L-Land of Death?]

T-The name of that place sounds kinda disturbing, or rather, I don’t think it’s
a very suitable place to live. N-No, wait. Come to think of it, I feel like
Chronois-san mentioned the characteristics of the place Isis-san lives a while
ago...

[...Errr, I believe there are rare gems that could be mined there, right? Are
there mines over there?]

[...There are mines there... Rather... There are only mines there.]

[Unnn?]

[...The Land of Death... is reasonably large... but freezing all year round...
and it snows a lot... The area is littered with mountains... and no living
things... live there.]

It really is almost exactly what I expected from the place’s name?! Eh? How can
Isis-san live in such a... No, I see, it’s because of her magic power of death
huh.

Isis-san is a kind person, so she chose to live in a place where no living
beings lives, so as not to unnecessarily scare other living beings with her
magic power of death. How should I say this... Unnn. I’ve decided what I’ll say
here now.

[That sounds great!]

[...Eh?]

[It didn’t snow that much where I lived, so I didn’t have much experience seeing
such a snowy scene. I’m really looking forward to my visit!]

[...R-Really? ...If Kaito... is looking forward to it... then I’m... also
happy.]

[Yes! I can’t wait to come visit your home. I want to go as soon as possible.]

If I had been anxious about visiting the Land of Death, Isis-san would have felt
troubled and said that I didn’t need to come visit her. In that case, what I
should say here is that I’m looking forward to visiting Isis-san’s home. This
isn’t really a lie though. I’m sure it will be fun hanging out together with
isis-san, and I’m also interested in the many books she has. Besides, if I don’t
think about the comfort of living in a place like that, a snowy landscape would
be fantastic and beautiful, and thinking about visiting such a place makes me
excited. Thanks to Shiro-san’s blessing, it seems like my body could withstand
the cold very well, so if I bring some warm clothes, I should be fine.

I want to see Isis-san smiling.

Holding such a thought in mind, I continued to chat with her, trying to keep the
conversation as cheerful as possible. It should have only been an hour’s walk,
but as we were walking while chatting, it took us about an hour and 30 minutes
to reach our destination, the hill. I’ve been a bit lacking in exercise lately,
so I’m a bit tired, but Isis-san doesn’t seem to be tired at all. Unnn, I guess
I’ll start jogging again.

[We’ve arrived.]

[...This was... a very nice view.]

Well, putting my feebleness aside, the view from the hill we arrived at was just
as Kuro described it. In the wide and beautiful prairie, there is a small river
that adds to the beauty of the scenery. Thinking it would be great to eat lunch
here, I turned towards the nearby Isis-san, who was watching the view with a
smile, and talked to her.

[Since it’s already lunchtime, let’s eat here.]

[...Unnn... Lunch with Kaito... I’m glad.]

While being soothed by Isis-san’s lovely smile, I took out a leisure sheet... or
rather, a large cloth from my magic box and laid it out on the ground. After
picking up some stones that were lying nearby and placing them in the four
corners, just to make sure it won’t be rolled up by the wind, I took out the
lunch box that I had prepared.

[Ahh\~\~ But, errr, Isis-san.]

[...Unnn?]

[I’ll say this now in advance. I’ve tasted it and I think it’s quite good... but
if it doesn’t fit your taste, I apologize.]

[...Eh? ...T-This bento... was made... by Kaito?]

Isis-san’s eyes widened in surprise as she heard my words. Yes, the lunch I
brought today was made by myself... isn’t the case, it was actually something
I’ve made with the help of Sieg-san and Illness-san. My cooking skills are,
well, on the level of a slightly good amateur. However, with the help of my two
great teachers, Sieg-san and Illness-san, I think I did quite well.

Furthermore, the existence of the useful item “magic boxes” held quite the
significant role. After all, thanks to the fact that the food in it doesn’t
deteriorate, I was able to spend a lot of time preparing it the day before...
Though I say that, I haven’t been able to make anything too difficult. It’s all
just standard stuff, like sandwiches, eggs, and meatballs. Even so, I still
found it quite difficult and I failed a few times. Cooking really is deep. No,
seriously... I thought making a sandwich would be one of the easiest things in
the world, but when I actually tried to make a beautiful one, it was
surprisingly difficult. I’m really glad I challenged cooking the day before.

[Yes. Well, I had a lot of help from my friends, but I managed.]

[...Thank you... I’m glad... really... glad.]

When I see the expression on Isis-san’s face, which shows that she’s truly
happy, I feel that the hardship of making a lunch box is nothing to worry about.
When I spread out the bento I brought, a bright smile appeared on Isis-san’s
face.

[...Amazing... Kaito’s... good at cooking... Amazing.]

[It’s because I have great teachers.]

Even though she hadn’t even eaten it yet, she gave me praises without restraint,
so I was a little embarrassed, but I continued speaking.

[A-Anyhow, let’s eat.]

[...Unnn.]

As if following my words, Isis-san reached out for the sandwich first. As
expected though, I was still curious about Isis-san’s reaction, so I didn’t try
anything yet and just stared at Isis-san. It’s not a very big sandwich for me,
but she was holding it in both hands, eating it with her small mouth. She looked
so cute, just like a squirrel munching on her meal, but I was more concerned
about what she thought of it. I-I wonder how she thinks of it? I wouldn’t say
it’s perfect, but I think it’s adequate... The question here is whether it will
suit Isis-san’s taste. Now, how is it?

[...It’s delicious... Among all the food I ate... It was the tastiest.]

[Ahaha, as expected, that would be an exaggeration.]

[...No... Kaito made this... for me... that’s why... it’s the tastiest... in the
world.]

[T-Thank you.]

Her praise was even far greater than I imagined?! Rather, if she tells me she
likes it that straightforwardly, I will feel embarrassed. I’m pretty sure my
face is all red now.

[...It’s been a while... since I’ve eaten anything.]

[Eh? Really? Then, you usually don’t consume anything?]

[...I occasionally... drink tea... but that’s about it?]

I’ve heard from Kuro that some High-ranking Demons don’t need to eat or sleep at
all. Just like Kuro, Isis-san probably doesn’t need to eat, and consuming food
is just a matter of preference. Well, putting that aside, I suppose this would
be a good time, so I’ll tell her.

[...Isis-san.]

[...Unnn?]

[Errr, once again, thank you for coming today.]

[...Hmmm? ...I’m the one... who should thank you... for today, right?]

Hearing my words of gratitude, Isis-san tilted her head with a curious
expression on her face. Each of her gestures are just too cute. While I was a
little flustered by such an Isis-san, I began to explain why we chose this place
for our picnic.

[No, that isn’t the case. Isis-san, this place has a very nice view, don’t you
think?]

[...Unnn... It was a beautiful... and nice place.]

[However, this place actually isn’t very popular.]

[...Really?]

[Yes. I heard that there are so many monsters here that it’s impossible to have
a picnic here in normal circumstances. But “thanks to Isis-san’s magic power of
death”, we’re able to relax like this.]

[?!]

Isis-san, who seemed to have understood what I was trying to say, opened her
eyes wide and had an astonished expression on her face. Yes, the place I visited
with Isis-san this time was a place Kuro told me about when I asked her if
“there was a beautiful place, but had a lot of monsters”. As for the reason why
I took the trouble to search for such a place... I think that is already
conveyed to Isis-san.

[That’s why, I’m able to eat lunch while looking at this beautiful scenery
thanks to Isis-san. That’s why, thank you.]

[...Ahhh... Uuuuu...]

With a bright smile on my face, I thanked her once again. Thereupon, Isis-san’s
shoulders shook a bit, a few tears leaked out her eyes.

[...My... magic power of death... is useful... for Kaito?]

In the past, Isis-san often held various thoughts within her heart, asking me if
she wasn’t troubling me. For Isis-san, her magic power of death was a complex of
hers, thinking that it was an ability that could only hurt others. That’s why, I
chose this place.

[Of course! It’s because of Isis-san’s presence that we’ve been able to
monopolize such a wonderful place like this.]

[...Kaito... Thank... Thank you... I’m glad... Really... really... glad.]

[...Isis-sa—Eh? Wait?!]

After muttering so, seemingly overcome with emotion, Isis-san hugged me. As soon
as her pleasant scent drifted in the air, I could feel her soft touch wrapping
around my body.

[...Kaito... I love you... I love you... I really love you.]

The words that she muttered to me with her face against my chest were so
destructive that I felt a blush immediately rising up my cheeks.

![Insert 3](../../_Images/v04/Insert3.png#.insert)

After a while, Isis-san calmed down and let go of my body, and we resumed our
interrupted lunch, but it turned out to be a little troublesome. No, I’m glad to
see that Isis-san seems to be having fun, but I’m a little nervous, so I can’t
seem to get a good conversation going. I wonder if there’s anything Isis-san and
I have in common that’s easy to talk about in this situation... Ahh, that’s
right. I’ll ask her about that.

[Errr, Isis-san. Can I ask you something?]

[...Unnn... What is it?]

[Ummm, it’s about the Phantasmal King...]

[...About Shalltear?]

I chose to talk about the Phantasmal King, No Face, who I’ve been hearing a lot
about lately. In the past, I’ve had the opportunity to hear about the Phantasmal
King from four people: Chronois-san, Lillywood-san, Kuro and Chris-san. However,
my impression of her changes depending on who described her. So, I was curious
to see what Isis-san would have to say about the Phantasmal King, so I asked her
about it. It seems that Isis-san knows the real name of the Phantasmal King just
like Kuro, so she might be a very close friend of hers.

[Yes, from how Isis-san sees her, what kind of person is this Shalltear-san?]

[...Shalltear... is very... smart... for every one thing I could think of...
Shalltear probably... already thought of a hundred things.]

[She’s an intelligent person huh.]

[...Unnn... She knows a lot of things.... but... she doesn’t talk much about
herself... and sometimes... she had this very... cold look in her eyes.]

Her description of her is also different from the previous ones. If I only
consider the words Isis-san just said, I get the impression that she’s
intelligent and cool.

[...Even though she’s smiling... It feels as if... the smile doesn’t come from
her heart... I just... don’t know... what Shalltear is thinking.]

[Couldn’t it be that she’s just a person of few words?]

[...No... She talks a lot... but she wouldn’t... talk about important things...
She sometimes... visits my home... but I don’t know... where she usually is.]

[If I’m not mistaken, she’s a master of disguise magic, right?]

[...Unnn... Moreover... Her Recognition Inhibition Magic is amazing... that even
I can’t see through it... unless she directs hostility towards me.]

In other words, even Isis-san, who is also a member of the Six Kings, has
difficulty finding the disguised and concealed Phantasmal King. How should I say
this... I feel like I’ve caught the attention of a really troublesome opponent.

[...Is Kaito... also acquainted... with Shalltear?]

[No, I haven’t met her yet. However, Kuro said that this Shalltear praised me,
so I was wondering what kind of person she is.]

[...Shalltear praising someone... is rare... As I thought... Kaito... is
amazing.]

[A-Ahaha... Well, ummm, how should I say this... I’d like to meet her once if I
get the chance.]

[...Shalltear... can be cold... but she’s also... cheerful and fun... I think
Kaito... would get along with her.]

There are still many things I don’t know about Phantasmal King-sama, but
Isis-san, at least, doesn’t seem to have a bad impression of her. It’s not that
I don’t find her existence creepy, but indeed, if we could get along, I guess
that would be good?

After we finished lunch, Isis-san and I sat down side by side to enjoy the
scenery while taking a leisurely break from eating. The hills with the pleasant
breeze were really nice, and sitting here makes me feel really relaxed. I wanted
to stay like this for a long time, but there was one more thing I wanted to do
with Isis-san, so even though I felt rather reluctant to leave my comfortable
seat, I got up and spoke.

[Isis-san, I’ve actually brought an item like this, but should we do it
together?]

[...That is?]

[It’s a tool for making bubbles, I suppose?]

It’s a nostalgic toy that I found at Alice’s general store. I thought it would
look good in a place with a nice view, so I bought it.

[...Bubbles... I knew they existed... but I’ve never... tried making them...
What should I do?]

[It’s easy. Errr, you just dip this... in this bottle, and blow it like this...]

[...Beautiful.]

First of all, I’m going to demonstrate how to make bubbles with a straw-type
tool. Unnn, having a little bit of wind blowing was nice, as the bubbles were
spreading out nicely. It’s been a while since I’ve played with these, but
looking at them like this makes me feel really elated...

Handing the same tool over to Isis-san, she too makes bubbles just like I did.

[...Fufu... I also... made some.]

[They’re flying beautifully. Well, they’re just like this. It might be a little
childish, but this is also nice, don’t you think? By the way, if you use this
tool instead, you can also do this.]

[...Amazing... big... bubbles.]

[The trick to making them is—Ah, sorry. It popped.]

[...Fufufu.]

[Ahaha.]

Seeing Isis-san laughing happily, a laugh also spilled out of my mouth. Ahh,
that’s right. I wanted to see her like this. Isis-san is so beautiful and cute,
and even though she still looked wonderful no matter what expression she had...
I think that a smile looks best on her face. When I see Isis-san smiling
innocently at the bubbles, it makes me feel happy too.

I want to protect Isis-san’s smile.

It might be a bit exaggerated to say that. However, unnn, the fact that I want
her to keep smiling isn’t a lie. Just like that, until we were satisfied,
Isis-san and I continued to play like children under the clear blue sky.
