---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 5: The Course of the Patent

It was the 17th day of the Water month, two days after Megiddo-san’s invasion.

Megiddo-san made as much ruckus as possible, and after saying “I’ll come again”,
he left...Seriously, he came and went like a storm.

The 16th of the Water month was a peaceful day, so I thought we could have
another peaceful day today... but that’s apparently not the case...

[Here, Master. Tea.]

[Eh? A-Ahhh, thank you.]

[Master, I brought you some cookies... desu.]

[...Ahh, unnn. But before that, can I ask you a question?]

[ [ What is it? ] ]

After confusedly accepting the tea and cookies offered to me from both sides, I
put them aside... and moved my gaze at these two people standing on both of my
sides, wearing maid outfits. I honestly don’t understand the situation at all. I
have no idea why these two are wearing maid uniforms or why they’re calling me
Master. In addition, I’d like to know if these rock-hard cookies and sticky tea
were something that people could consume.

[...Why are you here? “Eta-san”, “Theta-san”...]

[Master, please don’t add honorary titles to our names. Please just call me
Eta.]

[Please call me Theta too... desu.]

[...Ah, yes. So, why is Eta and Theta calling me Master?]

Yes, for some reason, the red-haired twins who attacked us before... Eta and
Theta arrived in Duchess Albert’s mansion this morning in maid uniform, and for
some reason, they are now calling me Master. In response to my question, Eta and
Theta got down on one knee and had their heads lowered as they answered.

[This life was picked up by Master.... Then, I will use this life Master picked
up for Master’s cause.]

[I will serve Master. Devote myself to Master. I offer my everything to
Master... desu.]

[...Ah, unnn, errr....]

[Y-You bustards... You just appeared out of nowhere, and now, you’re spouting
incomprehensible things!]

As I am astonished at the words that they straightforwardly told me, that they
wanted to serve me, the quivering Anima grabs Eta and Theta’s shoulder. Unnn,
there’s a dangerous atmosphere around me, but if I just let them like this, I
feel like I would get swept away by the situation, so I’d really like to get
Anima to sternly tell them off.

Thereupon, Eta and Theta lowered their heads and got down on one knee in Anima’s
direction as well.

[I apologize for the delay in greeting you, “Chief Retainer Anima”!]

[...C-Chief Retainer?]

[The Chief Retainer is Master’s best confidant... Please guide us well... desu.]

[T-The best confidant...]

Ahh, this is no good... Anima has a clear look of happiness on her face. Her
mouth has been twitching since a while ago, and her cheeks are dyed red, looking
like she’s feeling the peak of happiness.

[...It seems that you two surpass the others knowing that Master is the best one
in the world.... Good! Strive hard to be subordinates worthy of Master’s name!]

[ [ Hahh! ] ]

[...Oi, you...]

It seems that Eta and That completely intend to serve me, and they don’t look
like they would listen to me when I stop them now. When I let out a sigh while
slumping my shoulders in dismay, I heard a similar sigh.

[...Three subordinates with the strength of a High-ranking Demon and a
Behemoth... Geez, Kaito-san, wouldn’t that make you pretty powerful already...
Seriously, how could this happen to you...]

[Now, now, Lili. That just shows how attractive Kaito-san is. Besides, it’s
advantageous for us to have so many talented people staying in the mansion like
this.]

[That... may be true but...]

[Being too serious is also a problem, you know? You need to be prepared to take
advantage of Kaito-san’s connections, or else you won’t be able to serve as the
head of a noble family. Look, you need to be more confident and firm.]

Lilia-san was holding her head in her hands, while Sieg-san, who was next to
her, gently comforted her. Since they’ve been best friends since childhood, the
two of them seem to have a good affinity with each other, and Lilia-san may even
be grateful for Sieg-san’s presence, someone who doesn’t tease her like
Lunamaria-san does, but gently follows up with her.

Lilia-san, who immediately regained her composure thanks to Sieg-san’s help,
asks Eta and Theta to help her with her work as well, if they’re going to live
in the mansion. Eta and Theta aren’t as stern as Anima, and following
Lilia-san’s words, the other servants brought them out of the room to learn
their jobs.

[...Anima.]

[Y-Yes?! M-My apologies! Without listening to Master’s will, I just went ahead
and...]

Confirming that Eta and Theta have left, when I call Anima’s name, Anima’s
shoulders twitched and she hurriedly gets down on one knee, as if she thought
I’m angry. After chuckling looking at Anima like that, I put my hand on Anima’s
bear-eared head and patted it.

[I forgot to mention, but thank you for what you did in that day before
yesterday. I was saved because you came, Anima.]

[Fwaaahhh... M-Mwaster’s petting my head... I-I’m so honored!]

Although she rampaged here and there, Anima actually treated me well. When I
patted her head with the thought of expressing my gratitude, Anima looked
befuddled, with tears in her eyes... Geez, each and every one of her reactions
are quite exaggerated.

[...Because that guy is saying things like that so smoothly, more and more
people gather around him...]

[Sieg, it looks like you would be facing lots of troubles.]

[I’m ready to face that long ago.]

Lilia-san and Sieg-san seemed to be talking about something, but I wasn’t able
to clearly hear what they were talking about. However, I could tell that they
were dumbfounded, so I just wryly smiled and gave them a small bow. After
patting her head for a while and then, putting my hand away, Anima looked a
little regretful, but her expression soon changed to one full of motivation.
After saluting and saying “I’ll be patrolling”, she left.

---

Evening, while the sun was setting, Lilia, the Head of Albert Duchy, was holding
her head in her office. Her best friends Lunamaria and Sieglinde were also in
the room, looking at Lilia with worried expressions on their faces.

[...Lili, is that alright?]

Lilia holding her head, looking really troubled, is in a way, a common sight
lately, but Sieglinde still gently asked such a Lilia. Thereupon, Lilia looked
up and muttered to herself with an exhausted look on her face.

[...Do you have any idea why those two decide to become maids?]

[I dunno?]

Lunamaria tilted her head with a wry smile on her face at Lilia’s words. Yes,
the thing that Lilia is currently worrying about is the fact that Eta and Theta
have become part of her household from today. Both of them are very motivated,
and being High-ranking Demons, they have excellent physical abilities... but
Lilia doesn’t know if it was because the only thing they’ve been doing was
fighting or not, but in regards to doing work as a maid, those two were quite
useless. Moreover, since they had tremendous physical strength, the damage they
can do with their failures is extremely high. Theta was indeed dexterous to a
certain extent, but Eta is astonishingly surprising.

[...Luna, would you be willing to mentor those two?]

[I respectfully decline. Heck, please excuse me from that... Having them become
proper maids is just next to impossible.]

[...Sieg.]

[No, Lili, I’m not a maid, okay? Even if I know some things as to what your
maids do, teaching them their work isn’t something I can do...]

Lilia is wondering who she should count on teaching Eta and Theta, but she can’t
seem to come up with a good answer. Just as Lunamaria was thinking about making
a cup of tea as a change of pace, someone knocked on the office’s door.

[Yes, please come in.]

[Excuse my intrusion. Milady, please confirm these documents. ...Oya?]

[...Illness.]

Coming into the room was the oldest among the servants in the mansion and the
person Lilia really trusts, Illness. Illness tilted her head curiously at the
sight of Lilia and the others, but having been acquainted with them for a long
time, she immediately sensed that Lilia was troubled, and asked her in a gentle
voice.

[Is sooooooomething the matteeeeeer? It seems like there’s something bothering
youuuuuu.]

[Uuuuu, ummm, a-actually...]

LIlia, who has been under Illness’ care since she could remember, consulted with
her about the matter that she had been bothered about. After Lilia finished her
explanation, Illness nodded her head in understanding, before speaking in her
usual tone.

[I seeeeee. Well theeeeen, shall I instruct those twoooooo?]

[Eh? T-That is... I would certainly feel relieved if I can leave those two to
Illness... b-but would that alright?]

[It’s no probleeeeeeeem.]

Illness’ skill as an instructor is top-notch... Rather, more than half of the
maids in the mansion, including Lunamaria, have been taught how to work by
Illness. That’s why Illness is grateful that Illness has agreed to mentor Eta
and Theta.

[Is it going to be alright though? No, it’s not that I’m doubting Illness-sama’s
skill... but it’s just, it’s going to be quite difficult to teach those two
muscle heads, you know?]

[...I doooooon’t think Lunamaria had a good memory thouuuuugh?]

[Ughhh, I’m really thankful for that time.]

[No, noooooo, I’m already glad that you’ve grown up quite nicelyyyyy.]

In the past, Lunamaria had lived as an adventurer, and her manners and etiquette
were quite atrocious, but Illness raised her to be a full-fledged maid. In a
sense, Illness could be said as Lunamaria’s master. Perhaps, because she’s aware
of the fact that she’s been under her care, even Lunamaria who was usually
getting carried away easily, is unable to raise her head against her and
attaches “-sama” to her name.

[However, would that really be alright, Illness-sama? Your usual workload alone
is already considerable...]

[Don’t worry, Siegliiiiiinde. I can teach them enouuuuuugh in between
woooooork.]

In response to Sieglinde’s question, sounding rather worried, Illness told her
that she doesn’t need to worry, before turning towards Lilia.

[That settles it then, Miladyyyyy. Please assign those two to me starting
tomorrooooooow.]

[I-I understand. That’s really helpful. I’ll give you a special bonus while
you’re teaching them.]

[There’s no neeeeed.]

[Uggghhh, n-no, but... I need to at least increase the salary you receive from
usual...]

[There’s no neeeeed.]

[Uuuuu...]

Brusquely rejecting Lilia’s offer of a special increase in salary, Illness
placed the documents she brought on Lilia’s desk, before leaving the room with a
bow. Watching such a scene, Lunamaria muttered to herself after Illness left.

[...The amount of work she does alone normally is more than ten times that of an
average maid already, and yet she’s still able to teach them at the same time?
Well, seriously, I don’t think I’ll be able to match her skills anytime soon.]

[Yes, I suppose Illness-sama is a being that could truly be described by the
words top-notch.]

Hearing the words Lunamaria calmly said, Sieglinde deeply nodded her head.
Thereupon, a teasing smile suddenly appeared on Lunamaria’s lips, glanced at
Lilia and began to speak with exaggerated movements.

[But even when she is so excellent and does a lot of work! Her salary and
position aren’t any different than common maids... How devilish can you be,
Milady... Ahh, with an employer like Milady, she might get fed up and quit
someday.]

[Could you please not say such terrifying things?!]

In response to Lunamaria’s words, Lilia shouted with a pale face. In fact, if
Illness were to disappear, the Albert Duchy... definitely wouldn’t collapse, but
it’s still going to take a big hit. If others were to try to fill in the work
she does alone, she can’t even begin to imagine how many people will need to
take over.

[I mean, I’m the one who’d been suggesting a pay raise to her! Heck, I’ve
suggested that to her multiple times already. But no matter how many times I
told her that, she adamantly “declines” me, so there’s nothing I can do about
it?!]

[Well, Illness-sama certainly doesn’t desire for anything.]

[...The only thing she had ever requested of me was to be Kaito-san’s exclusive
maid.]

Yes, it’s not that Lilia wants to keep Illness be a common maid. She had tried
to pay her a salary appropriate to the work she had been doing. However, all of
that was rejected by Illness... The current situation is that Illness is paid
the same salary and the position of a common maid.

[...I’ll make Illness the Head Maid as soon as she’s willing to. In fact, even
the current Head Maid frequently says “Isn’t Illness-sama more suitable to be
the Head Maid than I am?”... but the problem is that she doesn’t agree at all.]

[Well, I suppose she would. I mean, almost all of the servants in the mansion
think that Illness-sama is the most suitable person to be the Head Maid.]

[...But the only one who doesn’t think so is the person herself.]

She’s a very excellent and reliable person... Although Lilia has complete trust
in her, the only thing that really troubled Lilia was that she didn’t like to be
in a prominent position. Well, even then... Such anguish is so light compared to
the stomachache she’s going to experience when she finds out that Illness is
actually one of the Phantasmal King’s executives...

---

The 18th Day of the Water month. Sweat pouring out of me as I struggled to move
my flaring body, I let out a few ragged breaths.

[...Haahhh... Haahhh... Y-Yuzuki-san.]

[...Senpai? Are you... alright?]

When I called out to her even as my breathing turned rough, Yuzuki-san helped
while she gently spoke to me. Drops of sweat trickle down her slightly tanned
skin, and Yuzuki-san’s large chest bounces. Her healthy, well-toned body
emphasizes her larger than average breasts and her well-toned buttocks, and
combined with Yuzuki-san’s slightly ragged breaths, she looks really stunning.

[...Sorry... I’m already... at my limit...]

[T-That’s too fast... A bit more... Just a bit more... Please do your best.]

Heat envelops my body as if my temperature has risen several degrees, and that
heat is rushing straight towards me and greatly exhausting my body. Biting my
lip hard, I willed my trembling body, which seems to be reaching its limit, to
move. Receiving Yuzuki-san’s words of encouragement, I tried becoming the
embodiment of endurance, as I desperately endured the pain on my lower body. But
even so, I’ve already reached my limit... My breathing is already ragged, and I
feel as if all my strength will disappear if I relax, but it feels as if my body
in itself is wishing to be released from this suffering.

[...Senpai... A bit more... okay?]

[...U-Unnn... I’ll do... my best.]

Her flexible fingers touching my body, I could feel encouragement along with her
heat transmitting towards me. I’m trying to keep my mental strength together as
if I’m about to collapse, I mustered the last of my strength...

A few minutes later, I was sitting on the ground, having reached my limit.

[...N-No more... I-I’m going to die...]

[We’ve only been running for about 5 kilometers though? As far as I’m concerned,
I’d like to go several times over this but...]

[No, you’re mistaken for asking me something like that... Ahh, my side hurts...]

[Fufufu.]

In contrast to me, who sits down limp and breathing has turned heavy, Yuzuki-san
still looks lively. I guess this really shows the difference between our
habits... Nghh, it really hurts.

[A-Anyway, I’ve really become frailer...I feel like I could go a bit further
than this...]

[What with those words that stink like an old man? Besides, you do realize that
we still have to get home, right?]

[...Can’t we just ride a carriage or something?]

[That’s no good!]

The reason why I’m so tired is because I remembered that I haven’t been
exercising since I came to this world, which isn’t exactly good for my health,
so I thought I’d better get some exercise.

And since there was Yuzuki-san, who runs every day, I asked if I could run with
her... but I turned like this. No, I feel like I could go for 10 kilometers if
I’m just jogging... But while I try to keep up with Yuzuki-san’s speed, it feels
like I’m running in a marathon.

Incidentally, Yuzuki-san suggested that we take it slow at first, but my pride
as a man did its work and told her that it was okay... but my pride as a man was
shattered, and the difference in our abilities was on full display.

Well, those people in the track-and-field club are amazing. Her basic endurance
is totally different, and even though Yuzuki-san didn’t slow down her face, she
seemed to be matching up with me... It’s quite shameful to be completely outran
by a girl 5 years younger than me. Yuzuki-san isn’t using Body Strengthening
Magic. According to her, “If I use that, then running would lose its meaning.”.
I guess that’s the fastidiousness of a track-and-field athlete... I’m using it
though...

I-I guess I’ll train my body a bit more from now on... At least until I could
properly run...

[Here, Senpai.]

[Unnn? Arehh? Is this honey lemon?]

[I made it with the ingredients from this world, so that might be called
different instead, but the taste and some other stuff was the same.]

[Thanks.]

I gratefully accepted the pseudo-honey lemon that Yuzuki-san offered me. The
sweetness and sourness soaks into my tired body and makes me feel like I can
still do my best as long as I will it... Even if it’s quite impossible...

[Arehh? Speaking of which... Where did you get this from?]

[Fufufu, you’ve finally noticed huh? Ta-dah!]

[Whoa, isn’t that a magic box? You’ve also got one, Yuzuki-san?!]

[Ehehe, Lilia-san gave it to me... Apparently, it’s because “she has lots of
money because of Kaito-san”.]

Yuzuki-san proudly takes out her magic box. Apparently, it was given to her by
Lilia-san as a gift because she got lots of money... but what did she mean when
she said it’s because of me? Ahh, I see. Come to think of it, I heard that there
were talks going on with Isis-san about a jewelry deal, and I think she also
mentioned something about cooperating with Seditch Magic Trading Company.

Seeing Yuzuki-san talking with a smile on her face, it mysteriously makes me
feel energetic too.

[I see, good for you. That must be why you looked so happy the whole time.]

[Eh? Ah, no, I was happy because... Senpai came running with me... You see, it’s
more fun to run with someone rather than just running along, right?]

[...Arehh? Weren’t you running together with Aoi-chan?]

[As for Aoi-senpai... She’s more of a high jumper. She doesn’t really go along
with me when it comes to long-distance running.]

Although Yuzuki-san and Aoi-chan are in the same track-and-field club, it seems
that they’re participating in different events.

[Rather than that, Senpai!]

[Unnn?]

[What’s with you, since when are you going to call me Yuzuki-san?]

[...Eh?]

[I think Senpai and I have gotten pretty close now, you know? Calling me
“Yuzuki-san” makes me feel like I’m still a stranger, so I don’t really like it.
Kaito-senpai is also older than me, so please call me Hina like Aoi-senpai
does.]

Suddenly bringing her face closer to me, Yuzuki-san asked me to call her by her
name. I certainly have been getting along with Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san quite
well recently. Was it after the Sacred Tree Festival? Since then, both of them
have started to talk to me more actively, and I enjoy running with them like
this. There’s no particular reason for me to refuse, so I just nodded my head
upon Yuzuki-san... Hina-chan’s words.

[Errr, then, I will start calling you Hina-chan.]

[Yes!]

When I called her by name, Hina-chan nodded with a big smile on her face. I felt
like my reflexively slacken seeing her puppy-like appearance. Taking a break
while chatting with Hina-chan for a while, when I’ve regained my strength,
Hina-chan stands up. I don’t know if she really enjoys running or not, but she
started running while looking behind towards me, saying “Let’s quickly go”...

[Wait, Hina-chan?! Watch your step!]

[Eh? Kyaaahhh?!]

[Hina-chan?!]

There is no such thing as concrete in this world, and the ground isn’t as clean
as it is in Japan. The ground underneath Hina-chan’s feet, which she was about
to run to, was rising, and when I hurriedly called out to her, it was already
too late and she stumbled and fell.

[Are you okay?]

[Y-Yes... Somehow—Nggh?!]

[Hina-chan?!]

[Ah, I’m sorry. I think I twisted my ankle.]

Probably because she fell in a pretty strange position, it seems that Hina-chan
had twisted her ankle.

[I-I’m alright. If it’s just this much, I can still walk.]

[No, no, you shouldn’t push yourself.]

I hurriedly stopped Hina-chan, whose expression twisted in pain, from standing
up even as she had a brave smile on her face. H-However, what should I do... I
can’t use any kind of Recovery Magic. But that doesn’t mean I can just let her
walk around with a twisted foot. After thinking about it for a while and not
coming up with any particular plan, I squatted down in front of Hina-chan.

[...Senpai?]

[Anyway, I’ll be carrying you, so get on.]

[Eh? B-But...]

[You shouldn’t walk around with your feet like that.]

[U-Understood... Errr, excuse me then.]

[?!]

Hina-chan seemed to be perplexed when I said that I would carry her while
squatting down, but after a little while, she laid on my back. H-However, this
is... more intense than I imagined. Feeling my face slightly blush as I felt the
large bulges pressed against my back, I get up and started walking slowly while
trying my best to be free from obstructive thoughts.

[...Senpai...]

[Just be patient for a bit, when we get back to the mansion, they’ll heal you
back to tip-top shape...]

[No, that’s not it...]

[Unnn?]

[...Couldn’t you just send a hummingbird to pick us up...]

[...Ahh.]

I’ve been thinking about this lately... Could it be that I’m actually an idiot?
I think it’s more like my field of vision is getting narrower when I’m shaken,
but I feel like my way of thinking has been becoming more rigid.

[I’m sorry, it slipped out of my mind... Then, I will contact Lilia-san...]

[Please wait!]

[...Eh?]

Hina-chan told me to send out a hummingbird but... for some reason, Hina-chan
stopped me.

[Errr, ummm... If it’s okay with you, Kaito-senpai... Can I ask you to carry me
like this for a bit longer?]

[Eh? U-Unnn. I don’t really mind...]

[...Thank you very much.]

I feel like it would be better if we get her treated as soon as possible, but if
she wants to keep it that way... I guess it’s not that bad that we need someone
to pick us up huh. With that in mind, as I start to walk back, Hina-chan is
clinging more strongly than before.

[...Senpai, am I heavy?]

[No, you’re surprisingly light.]

Her scent wafts in with her whisper, it was quite strange how girls don’t smell
like sweat compared to men, or rather, even their sweat somehow seems to smell
nice. She really is lighter than I imagined, making me realize once again that
who I’m carrying behind my back is a girl.

[Senpai’s back... It’s big.]

[Really?]

[Yes... I wanted a gentle older brother, just like Kaito-senpai.]

[Unnn? Isn’t the President kind?]

Hearing Hina-chan, who for some reason, speaks to me in a relieved tone of
voice, I ask her back as I move my feet forward.

[Not at all. My family is so strict that we don’t even have a chance to hang out
with each other.]

[Hmmm. It’s true that President seems to be the type of person who would be
strict on himself and to others.]

[It’s quite unbalanced, isn’t it? Both of my parents are very strict, so I feel
like I should balance that out and be as kind as to balance it out with my
brother...]

[Ahaha, indeed.]

Hina-chan, who has been complaining about her family, somehow seems to be having
fun and doesn’t seem to dislike them at all. So, once again, the strength she’s
using to cling to my back becomes stronger, and Hina-chan continues in a
somewhat fawning tone.

[Senpai... I’m sorry for causing so much trouble.]

[No, you don’t have to be bothered if it’s only something like this.]

[...I was really happy to run together with you... Will you run with me again?]

[Of course, I needed to work on my strength a little more after all.]

[You’re right, you’re not very strong.]

[Ugghhh...]

[Fufufu.]

Hina-chan, who puts her face on my shoulder and happily smiles, feels like a
cute little sister I want to protect. Firmly carrying Hina-chan behind my back,
I felt more strength in each of my steps compared to before.

[Senpai, isn’t it difficult?]

[It’s alright, I’m fine if it’s just something like this.]

[...However, you’d be doing this for 5km, you know?]

[Ugghhh....]

Somehow, it feels like the distance back home is getting absurdly far away when
you put it in concrete numbers. N-No, It will be alright. It’s just 5 km...
Isn’t that just an hour’s walk away? Let’s do our best, me! I’m sure my muscles
will be sore tomorrow though...

[...I’m a guy after all. I have to show everyone how cool I am every once in a
while.]

[...What are you talking about... Senpai have always... been cool.]

Feeling Hina-chan’s warmth as she seems relieved while leaning her body on my
back, I feel encouraged by her warmth, taking another step forward. Hina-chan is
always a cheerful and energetic girl, but she also has a more sensitive side
than others, making me feel like she’s a girl younger than me. I enjoy spending
time with her, who gives me her straightforward trust, and somehow, I think that
if I had a younger sister... She would be someone like her.

On the 19th day of the Water month, I was walking with Kuro on a path I was
recently familiar with.

[I’m sorry, Kuro. Things ended up being so hectic that I didn’t get to tell you
about my plans for Alice...]

[No. It’s alright... Even if today’s no good too, we can still go back to
another day. I’ll be going to Lilia-chan’s place tomorrow after all... After
that, I should be quite free in my schedule.]

[Thank you.]

Yes, currently, Kuro and I were walking to Alice’s general store. I had
mentioned before that I was going to Alice and help her sell magic tools in the
form of futons, but I forgot to ask about her plans because of that ruckus with
Megiddo-san. When I told Kuro about it last night when she came to my room as
usual, she offered to make time today to go with me.

I’m really grateful for that but... Honestly, even though Alice made lots of
money last time, she already had previous offenses before, so I can’t trust that
she won’t gamble all the money she has. I need to create a stable source of
income quickly for her, and then, keep reminding her to calculate her expenses
and income...

As I was walking alongside Kuro on the street, I suddenly remembered something,
so I decided to ask her about it.

[Ah, that’s right. There’s something I want to ask you, Kuro.]

[...Eh? You want to ask something? Fufufu, I see, since you saw my magical beast
mode, you’ve become curious about my identity, right?! Alright, if you ask now,
I’ll give you a hint as a little service...]

[What’s your favorite food, Kuro, besides baby castellas?]

[You’re asking that?! No, no, Kaito-kun, that’s not what you should be asking
now, right?! This is the time where you use the line “What in the world are
you?”.]

[...No, I don’t really think I’ll be using that for a while.]

[Eeehhhhhh?!]

How should I say this... I’m not really sure if Kuro, in the end, wants me to
ask about who she really is or if she doesn’t want me to ask about her identity.
However, what I can be sure of is that just because I asked it, it doesn’t mean
that she’s going to honestly tell all about it.

[You need to be more interested in me, Kaito-kun! I’m becoming sad here, you
know?!]

[No, I’m interested in you, isn’t that why I’m asking you what your favorite
is?]

[Ugghhh... M-muuuuu...]

Kuro’s cheeks puffed out like a hamster in response to my words, as if she
couldn’t think of a counter argument. How should I say this, she’s as cute as
always and not scary at all. However, I used to be swept along in the past, but
lately, I’m starting to feel that I have the luxury of being able to get the
upper hand in my conversations with Kuro.

[So, in the end, what’s your favorite food?]

[...Muuuuu\~\~ Other than baby castellas, maybe pudding?]

[Errr, what was it called again? That Special Deluxe Pudding à la mode?]

[Ahh\~ That’s the one Ein made for me before. That was quite delicious\~\~... To
be honest, I was only half joking when I told her about it, but for her to
really make it, Ein’s really amazing.]

She just said she’s half joking... Ahh, I see, Kuro thought it was an absurd
request to ask, but Ein-san completed it like it’s obvious. She’s a cheat, just
as usual.

[However, Kaito-kun. Why are you suddenly asking me what I like?]

[Ahh\~\~ Well, errr... You see, when we went out together last time—]

[On a date!]

[Ahh! unnn. When we went on a date, didn’t I say that I would be the one asking
you next time?]

[Unnn, you did say that.]

[So... I thought it would be great if we could go eat something Kuro likes, and
that’s why I’m asking you.]

[...Kaito-kun.]

Hearing my words I said while feeling somewhat embarrassed, Kuro was silent for
a bit, before she smiled like a blooming flower.

[Unnn! I’ll look forward to that... Now, let’s go!]

[Eh? Wait, Kuro?! Your hand?!]

[We’ve held hands before already, so don’t mind, don’t mind\~\~]

Looking at Kuro who’s happily laughing as she pulled my hand along, aware that a
natural smile appeared on my mouth, I went to Alice’s general store together
with Kuro.

Walking into Alice’s general store, which I was getting used to seeing by now,
there was the usual stuffed cat costume.

[Ayaa? Kaito-san? Welcome! I still have some “last minute” money left this
time!]

[...I’ll make sure we’ll carefully talk about that later.]

[...Eh?]

What the heck do you mean “last minute”? You made that much money last time, and
you’ve already spent that much?! Seriously, if I take my eyes off her for a
while... No, wait, wait, calm down. Preaching is for later... Let’s go have a
talk with Kuro first...

[You must be Alice-chan, right? Kaito-kun told me all about you.]

[...Ehh? Huh? ...Ummm, errr... Underworld King-sama?]

[Unnn, nice to meet you.]

[...One moment please...]

Alice, who was in her usual good mood, after she became aware of Kuro’s presence
when she spoke to her, I could clearly see that she’s trembling even when she’s
wearing that stuffed costume. Then, after telling Kuro to wait a minute, she
moved behind the counter, took off her costume, and came back... kneeling down
on both of her knees in front of Kuro, bowing her head.

[...Ummm, please accept my apologies. It’s just my usual habit so... errr... if
you could spare my life...]

[I’m not here to kill you though?!]

As expected, even if it’s Alice, she doesn’t seem to joke around like she
usually does when dealing with Kuro, the Underworld King, and apologizes with a
nervous look on her face. Still, she only wore her opera mask but...

[...Errr, can we just get on with it and see the magic tool?]

[Y-Yes! T-T-This way.]

[...Oi, we’re not talking about your stuffed costumes, bring us to where the
futons you made are...]

[Ahh, y-y-you’re right.]

Unusually, Alice seems like she would blow up, as when she led us to her stuffed
costumes doesn’t seem to be her usual boke, but just a plain mistake. Alice
hurriedly brought the futons she made this time. I don’t know if I should have
expected it since she has a good sense of style, but even the design of the
futon she made looked elegant enough that it wouldn’t be strange even in a
noble’s house. Kuro takes the futon and looks at it from various angles, then
looks at Alice with a slightly surprised expression on her face.

[...What an incredibly beautiful technique you used here huh. It’s sophisticated
and lean... You have quite an amazing magical craftsmanship huh.]

[I-I-I’m not that extravagant.]

[Unnn! With this kind of work, we could sell it right away... Would you mind
making this for my company?]

[Yes, it’s a pleasure.]

It seems that Kuro has a high evaluation of the magic tool, as she told her that
she would procure it from her.

[Can this be mass produced?]

[Y-Yes! Give me a few days, and I could prepare a whole bunch of them...]

[Unnn.... I’d say the cost of materials is about 3000R... Then, how about we
stock up on them at about 10000R a piece?]

[Pfft?! 1-10000R?!]

To my surprise, Kuro seems to purchase the futon at more than three times the
material cost. I wonder if she’d make a profit if she bought it for that cost?
Then, as if sensing my doubts, Kuro lightly smiled.

[There aren’t many mages that are able to set up a technique like this, even
within the Demon Realm. If I consider that, this much is appropriate... I guess
these would mainly be sold to the nobles? I’d also like you to make a low-cost
sleeping bag for the adventurers and the general public, but can you make
those?]

[Ah, yes. Of course.]

[Unnn, then, as for that sleeping bag, I’ll pay you 50% of the net profit for
being the inventor... I’ll have a representative from my company come by some
other time to formalize the contract.]

[F-Fifty percent?!]

I don’t know if I should say it’s to be expected from her or anything like that,
but Kuro promptly advanced the conversation, and quickly put together a business
meeting.

[U-Umm... Underworld King-sama?]

[Unnn?]

[I-It’s just that I feel like those conditions were too advantageous for me...]

[You were specially referred to by Kaito-kun after all. Consider it as a
service.]

[T-Thank you very much.]

[Unnn. Then... in about four days, I’ll have them come back with the contract,
are you alright with that?]

[Yes.]

It seems that Kuro is willing to sign a contract that’s favorable to Alice,
considering that I introduced her. I’m really grateful for that... I guess I’ll
have to thank Kuro again.

With the business meeting between Kuro and Alice over, I was thinking of leaving
because I didn’t want to stay for too long, but Alice spoke to me right at that
moment.

[...Kaito-san, “the thing you asked before” is ready.]

[Already?! You really work fast huh...]

[Eh? What is?]

What Alice told me about was the job I asked her to do a while ago... I had some
troublesome conditions placed on it, so I thought it would take her quite some
time, but it seems she already finished it. Naturally interested in the
conversation that only the two of us could understand what we’re talking about,
Kuro approached me while tilting her head.

[Kuro, stay there for a moment, okay?!]

[Ehh? Ah, unnn.]

[...So, Alice. Where’s the stuff?]

[It’s here. I’m sure that it met all the conditions Kaito-san gave me.]

Stopping Kuro, who was approaching, I received a small box from Alice and
checked the contents.

...All I can is that it’s to be as expected of her. It’s a magnificent piece of
work... The fact that she cleared my request I made means that I was able to get
rid of that uncertainty.

[...Thanks. So, how much is this?]

[I really had a hard time getting the materials for that as well. So, how about
10000R?]

[Alright.]

Considering what the item is, you could say that it’s quite pricey, but because
of all the demands I presented, I think it’s reasonable.

Thinking so, I handed a gold coin to Alice without feeling particularly
troubled.

After thanking Alice once again, I left the shop with Kuro.

On the way back from Alice’s general store together, Kuro was walking next to
me, for some reason, she seemed to be in a bad mood.

[Muuuuuu...]

[...Why are your cheeks puffed up?]

[...I was being excluded by Kaito-kun earlier...]

[Don’t sulk anymore.]

It seems that she doesn’t like the fact that I’ve been sneaking around and
excluding her in the conversation, so she adorably puffed up her cheeks and
turned away. However, it doesn’t seem that Kuro is really angry, as after a
while, she immediately lets out a sigh and her cheeks turned back to normal.

[...Well, if Kaito-kun won’t tell me, I won’t ask about it but...]

[Eh, No, it’s not that I don’t want to tell you, it’s just that...]

[Unnn?]

Seeing Kuro tilting her head at my words, I took out the box I had bought from
Alice, even when I’m aware that I’m quite nervous right now... and held it out
to Kuro.

[...Errr, ummm, Kuro... for all everything you’ve done for me... thanks.]

[Eh? Ehhhh? K-Kaito-kun?]

[I don’t know if I should say that this is as thanks for that or anything like
that but... I’d appreciate it if you could take it.]

[...Th-Thank you... Errr, can I open it now?]

[Yeah.]

Yes, what I asked Alice to make... was a gift to Kuro.

I wanted to do something to thank Kuro for all the help she’s given me since I
came to this world, so after much thought, I decided to give her this. However,
the words Kuro had said before were bothering me, and I knew I couldn’t just
give it to her, so I asked Alice to make some changes. Kuro slowly opened the
box she received from me, and took out the item inside with a surprised look on
her face.

[Could this be...]

[Unnn. When we... Errr, went on our d-date, it’s that necklace that Kuro liked.
I asked Alice to make it out of a material that’s really stretchy... so I don’t
think it will be torn off even if you turn into your magical beast form.

[...Kaito...kun.]

The necklace that Kuro took out of the box is designed with silver stars lined
up in a row, and it’s the one that Kuro asked me if it would look good on her on
our previous date. At that time, Kuro didn’t seem to buy it because it would be
torn off when she was in her magical beast mode... but I had actually bought it
later in secret.

And when I asked Alice if she could make it so that it wouldn’t break even if it
the wearer took on a larger form, she said it would be fine if she used a
special material, so I asked her to get it and remake it for me. Alice’s
craftsmanship really is quite superb, and at a glance, it may look like a normal
necklace... no, it’s more delicate and beautiful because of the detailed
workmanship, but it’s made to fit the wearer with its excellent elasticity.

Kuro looked at the necklace she received from me for a while, squeezed it in
front of her chest, then looked at me with eyes that were slightly trembling and
her cheeks slightly dyed in red.

[...Kaito-kun... I...]

[Unnn?]

Kuro was about to mumble something in a voice so quiet that it seemed to fade
away, but then, she immediately stopped talking... and somehow, there’s a
conflicted look on her face. After a few moments of silence, Kuro looks up and
smiles brightly.

[Sorry. It’s nothing... Thanks, Kaito-kun. I’m really happy... I will take good
care of it.]

[Ah, unnn.]

I didn’t know what she was about to say, but it doesn’t seem like it’s a good
topic to step into so easily. At the very least, I could sense a compelling
emotion from Kuro, who had a smile somewhat different than usual, asking me not
to ask her anything more.

[That’s right! Kaito-kun, since we’re outside together now, let’s go get
something to eat.]

[Ahhh, speaking of which, it’s almost lunchtime.]

[Unnn, yep. Then, let’s go to my recommended place!]

[Recommended? What kind of food do they serve?]

[Errr\~\~ I think they’re using “striped frog meat” to...]

[Change please.]

[...Eh?]

I’ve eaten lots of things since I’ve been in this world. I’ve eaten dragon meat,
bear meat, and the meat of a frightening sounding being called tyrant worm...
but still, I’d like it if you excuse me from eating frog meat.

No, I know there are edible frogs and toads... but it would still take lots of
courage to eat them, so please give me some time to gather that courage.

The person with whom I’ve spoken with the most and been closest to since I came
to this world. However, after today, I realized. That the thoughts in Kuro’s
heart—I still don’t know it at all.

---

Underworld King Kuromueina’s castle in the Demon Realm. Sechs has come to visit
Kuromueina, who’s relaxing in her room.

[Kuromu-sama, regarding tomorrow’s visit... Oya?]

[Unnn? What’s the matter?]

[No, it just looks like you’re in a good mood. It seems like something really
good happened today.]

[Ahaha, well, I guess... I’m in a slightly good mood.]

Without denying the words Sechs told her, Kuromueina smiled like a young girl.

[Is that.... a necklace? It’s unusual for Kuromu-sama to wear an accessory.]

[Unnn. Well, I really like it... What do you think? Does it suit me?]

[Yes, it really suits you. However, it looks like you’ve cast quite a powerful
State Preservation Magic in it.]

[...Unnn. I just don’t want it to get dirty.]

A necklace of shiny silver stars gleamed on Kuromueina’s chest, and the fact
that Kuromueina, who basically never wears any accessories, wears it means that
she really likes it. Seeing Kuromueina caressing the necklace on her chest as if
she were handling her treasure, Sechs also calmly smiles.

[Is that so... Oops, excuse me. I’m here for tomorrow’s meeting.]

[Yeah, you’re right. Just as I sent you on the letter beforehand, going there
around 10am should be fine.]

[Then, I’ll send them a hummingbird stating that.]

[Unnn, I’ll leave it to you\~\~ Also, change some of the shapes of the samples,
just in case.]

[Understood.]

After lightly discussing her plans to visit Lilia’s mansion and watching as
Sechs politely bow and leave, Kuromueina turns her gaze to the necklace on her
chest again. The expression on her face as she smiles with a slight blush on her
cheeks is like a maiden in love... Though she looks very young for that
appearance.

[...How unfair. Making me this happy... is troubling.]

After muttering to herself, Kuromueina stroked the necklace once more before...
lightly kissing one of the stars.

[...Kaito-kun. You really... are... Could it be... you... really are... who I
had been...]

After muttering in a quiet, inaudible voice, Kuromueina looks up and stares in
the empty sky.

Her expression seemed to be a mix between happiness and loneliness... seems to
show the complicated feeling she held in her heart, while the first gift she
received from her beloved gleamed on her chest.

---

The Chairman of the Seditch Magic Tool Trading Company, Sei Riverstar. I knew
his name, but I had never met him in person, so I was curious about him. When he
visited Lilia-san, I got the impression that Sei-san was a middle-aged man with
a distinctive white beard, a gentle face and strong light in his eyes that gave
the impression that he was an experienced old man.

[It’s nice to meet you, Miyama-dono. I’ve heard a lot about you lately... It’s
an honor to meet you here in person.]

[Ah, no, I’m also happy to meet you. It’s nice to meet you.]

[Underworld King-sama, Chairman of the Seditch Magic Tool Trading Company... and
even “The Great Sage of the Dead”, we have quite the frightening guests huh.
Milady?]

[Y-Yesh!]

[...Could you at least hold out a little longer.]

Apparently, it seems that not only Kuro and Sei-san, but also Sechs-san is a
fairly famous High-ranking Demon in the Human Realm. What’s more, he’s the one
who built the foundation of the magic school and is known as a Great Sage... The
Guardian of the Empty Seat, The Great Sage of the Dead, also adding the First
Hero to that... Kuro’s family is really filled with outrageous people.

[...Even if Kuro is like that, she’s still the Underworld King huh.]

[Kaito-kun, can’t you at least keep your inner thoughts to yourself. You said
that out loud.]

While responding to the words I muttered, Kuro had the necklace I gave her
yesterday on her chest... I’m honestly too embarrassed to look at her properly.
Anyway, I show the visiting Kuro and the others to the reception room. Sechs-san
and Sei-san then said hello to Lilia-san, and started to get down to business...
Wait, arehh? It’s just that I feel like I’m forgetting something very important.
This visit certainly is about greeting Lilia-san, but it’s also supposed to be
about the patent for the calculator I proposed... but did I tell Lilia-san that?

[Well then, Lilia-sama. Please have a look at this one.]

[This is? Is this a magic tool?]

[Yes, it was Miyama-dono’s idea and we gave it shape.]

[...Huh?]

After Sechs-san’s explanation, Lilia-san stiffened as if time has stopped...
Ahh, shheeeeettt. I really didn’t tell her huh...

And then, Lilia-san turns her head towards me as if a creaking doll creepily
turning its head, and mutters in a voice that seems like she’s crawling out of a
well.

[...Kaito-san?]

[Y-Yes?!]

[...What does that mean?]

[Ah, no, that is... I asked Kuro before if she could make a tool from my
world...]

When I replied to Lilia-san, frightened by Lilia-san’s expression that seemed to
say that I did something again, she became silent for a while... before she lets
out a big sigh.

[Seriously, Kaito-san, you’re always, always... Haahhh... Please excuse my
actions. Sechs-sama. So, what’s that magic tool you’re referring to?]

[It’s this. It’s a magic tool that could help you calculate.]

[Calculate?! With a magic tool?!]

It seems that the people of this world have a strong belief that magic is magic
while mathematics is mathematics, they’re different things, so Lilia-san looked
surprised at Sechs-san’s words. And then, Sechs-san takes out a magic tool about
the size of a ping-pong ball... wait, that’s really small! Is that supposed to
be a calculator?

When I was confused by the fact that it’s smaller than I expected, Lilia-san
touched the magic tool with a nervous look on her face. Then, the magic tool
emits a faint light, and numbers and formulas appeared in midair. Whoa?! These
numbers floating in the air, and you just operate it by touching it... Isn’t
this completely beyond our world’s calculator? Ah, no, it may not be able to do
complicated stuff like function calculation but... Once again, magic really is
amazing.

Lilia-san operates that magic tool for a while and turns to Kuro and the others,
with an astonished expression on her face.

[...It’s a wonderful magic tool. Not to mention the various companies, even the
nobles and the royal palace would want this...]

[Yes, as for that magic tool, it was our company that created it but... the
inventor is Miyama-dono. And, Miyama-dono is a person whom Kuromueina-sama is
intimate with... Naturally, our company wouldn’t half-heartedly treat him.]

In response to Lilia-san’s words, Sei-san spoke the part that seemed to be the
main point.

[And our company thinks that Miyama-dono is entitled to half of the net profit.]

[I see, I get the gist of what you’re saying now. That means that from now,
Kaito-san will be receiving large sums of money on a regular basis. And you’re
asking our family as a point of contact and the one who will manage it...]

[That’s not it.]

[...Eh?]

Apparently, Lilia-san thought it would be a good idea to lend me the name of
Albert Duchy to do business with the company, and she was about to firmly tell
them that was agreeing, but Sei-san interrupted her while she’s talking.

[Miyama-dono wishes to transfer the profits generated by this magic tool to the
Albert Duchy.]

[...Huh? E-Errr... I-I’m sorry. I think I just misheard you... Can you please
say that again?]

[Miyama-dono wishes to transfer half of the net profits generated by this magic
tool to the Albert Duchy.]

[...Huh?]

This time, Lilia-san froze completely.

After a moment of silence as if time stopped, Lilia-san showed a surprised
expression and leaned forward.

[That’s no good! Those profits should be given to Kaito-san! I can’t take that
from him!]

[No, but Miyama-dono himself wishes to...]

[That’s still no good! There’s no way I will accept tha—]

[Lilia-chan.]

[—?!]

If you think about it, it might be natural for this to happen, as Lilia-san is
so serious that she can’t seem to be convinced for the profits to be transferred
to her, and is throwing out words of denial with a frantic expression on her
face, but then Kuro, who had been silent, opened her mouth.

[...Kuromueina-sama?]

[I can see your point, Lilia-chan. You can’t agree to receiving the profits from
Kaito-kun’s work when you haven’t done anything, right?]

[...Yes.]

[But you know, Kaito-kun, he doesn’t need money at the moment. No, rather than
just not needing money, he even has more than 100 white gold coins right now,
right? Wouldn’t it just be troubling him if he just gets more?]

[T-That is....]

Lilia-san slightly hesitated because of what Kuro quietly said.

[And Kaito-kun, after a year... he will go back to his world, right? If you
think about it in Kaito-kun’s position, taking on that kind of hassle would just
be a hindrance instead, don’t you think?]

[.........]

[Of course, like I said before, I understand how you feel, Lilia-chan. So, why
don’t we do this? Kaito-kun has the patent until Kaito-kun returns to his world,
and then, after Kaito-kun leaves, the patent will be transferred to Lilia-chan.
What do you think?]

[...I-Indeed... If it’s that...]

I guess it’s to be expected of Kuro, as she offered a good compromise with
Lilia-san, and she nodded and looks like she’s considering it. I thought that
was the end of the conversation, but Kuro now turns to me and speaks.

[But Kaito-kun, you don’t need any more money now, right?]

[Yeah, honestly, I don’t think I could even use all the money I have right
now...]

[Unnn. So, let’s do this then... I’ll buy the rights to own that patent while
Kaito-kun is in this world.]

[Buy them?]

[Unnn. Though I say that, I’m not saying I’ll purchase it with money. Kaito-kun
looks like you wanted a Teleportation Magic Tool, so in exchange for that
patent... I will make you a Teleportation Magic Tool.]

[?!]

Kuro’s suggestion certainly was a welcome one. I currently have more than 1
billion yen in Japanese yen. It’s unlikely that I’ll be able to spend it all, so
just the thought of my money increasing just troubles me. I’ve been wanting to
get a Teleportation Magic Tool, and I was just thinking of buying one. However,
since I have no knowledge of magic tools, I thought of consulting Kuro to get a
good one, but I’d be grateful if she could make it for me.

[Of course, since it’s in exchange for the patent... I will not half-heartedly
make it. I will make it the best one in the world.]

[T-That kinda sounds amazing... Ah, speaking of which, I forgot to mention it
before but I had something I wanted Kuro to look at...]

[Unnn?]

[Shiro-san gave me this magic crystal before but...]

[From Shiro?]

Perhaps because we were talking about magic tools, but I suddenly remembered the
magic crystal Shiro-san had given me before. In the end, I had been busy with
all sorts of stuff, so I had been out of my mind but... If I were to think about
it, there’s no way that Shiro-san, the God of Creation, would give me something
that simple. So, I asked Kuro to have a look at it.

Taking the white magic crystal I brought out of my magic box, Kuro looked at it,
and after looking at it from various angles... Kuro looked amazed.

[...Shiro, what in the world did you create now...]

[Errr, as I thought, it really isn’t just an ordinary magic crystal?]

[...Unnn. Ordinary magic crystals absorb and store the magic power in the air.
Each magic crystals’ purity was categorized based on how fast and how much
capacity it can store but... This magic crystal doesn’t have such a concept.]

[...What does that mean?]

What the heck, I have a very bad feeling about this.

That airhead goddess... What kind of outrageous thing did she send me?

[That magic crystal... “is creating magic power from the inside” and “it has the
capacity of around the same as the amount of the total magic power of all
High-ranking Demon” but...]

[...Huh?]

[As expected of Shiro, this shouldn’t have existed in this world... or rather,
she just made something that exceeds common sense...]

[......]

Shiro-san, seriously, what did you create?! You just created something that
exceeds common sense?! T-This is really outrageous... Or rather, Shiro-san
herself is really preposterous.

[Hmmm. Let’s see. Do you want me to make a magic tool out of this? If it were to
be made from this magic crystal, you can even teleport from Human Realm to Demon
Realm, and you can reuse it in a few minutes.]

[...T-That sounds very tempting... Can I ask that?]

[Unnn, leave it to me.]

It was obviously something that’s beyond my control, but even if I sent a
tsukkomi to that airhead goddess, an airhead-like counter would just return. So,
I decided to ask Kuro to turn it into a magic tool for Teleportation Magic. It’s
true that if I can go to the Demon Realm as well, it would be easier for me to
visit Isis-san and other places, and I also wanted to have a means of
transportation.

[...Kaito-san’s range of activities will be expanding? ...I feel like I’m
getting dizzy...]

Seeing Kuro say that with a gentle smile, I also smiled... I feel like I saw
Lilia-san mutter something to herself, looking far into the distance.

---

The 22nd day of the Water month. In preparation for my visit to Isis-san’s
castle tomorrow, I came to visit Alice’s general store. My purpose... wasn’t to
go shopping. It was to tell Alice that I’ll be heading for the Demon Realm, and
that I won’t be here for a couple of days. Alice nodded after hearing my words,
then tilted her head with her opera mask on.

[But, why are you telling me that? Ahh, I see! Kaito-san, you’ve finally noticed
my charm huh! A few days of parting would make you miss me huh...]

[No, that’s not the case.]

[Can’t you just make a little follow-up there?!]

Yep, Alice’s predictions are completely misguided and I have a different goal in
mind. Quietly approaching Alice, I slightly glared at her and spoke.

[...Listen here. I’ve told you this multiple times already, but don’t waste your
money on gambling and other useless stuff while I’m gone, okay?]

[Ehhh? Ah, well\~\~ that’s...]

[You hear me?! If I come back and I hear you say you don’t have any money
left... I’ll make sure you’ll pay for that.]

[Ihyaahhh?! Kaitho-shan, my sheeks hurw...]

I remind her again, pulling the cheeks of this idiot that I’m sure doesn’t get
it at all. Seriously, this girl spends a lot of money if I just take my eyes off
her for a few days, and if I really don’t keep an eye on her, even a steady
income doesn’t mean anything at all.

Reminding Alice several times not to waste her money, I was about to leave...
when Alice hurriedly took out something.

[Please wait, Kaito-san!]

[Unnn?]

[If you’re going to the Demon Realm, I have something that I would recommend you
to have!!!]

[..........]

How should I say this, she has quite the business spirit or something like that
huh... Letting out a big sigh, I looked at the book that Alice vigorously held
out to me.

[...A book?]

[Yes, this is Alice-chan’s specially-made, Demon Realm Guidebook!]

[A guidebook?]

[Yes, from the spectacular spots in the Demon Realm to the dangerous areas full
of monsters... It’s a guidebook that even includes recommendations for the food
you can eat while walking around!]

This person doesn’t have any business acumen at all, but the products she
recommends are very high quality... In fact, even this Demon Realm Guidebook
this time is really great.

The “Alice-chan’s specially-made” part on the title is a bit disconcerting
though...

[So, how much is this?]

[The Demon Realm is so large that it’s been divided into different regions. The
fourth volume is just perfect for the central and northern area where Kaito-san
is going this time... For the set of four books, 30R! What do you think?]

[...I’ll buy it.]

[Thank you for the purchase\~\~]

In the end, Alice’s sales talk got the better of me again, and I ended up buying
the four-book set. Well, there are quite a few pages in each book, and if it’s
for a set of 4 books for 3000 yen, I think I bought something good.

---

Inside the Albert Duchy’s mansion, Lunamaria speaks to Lilia as she goes to her
desk for office work.

[I guess Miyama-sama has already arrived at the gate around this time?]

[Possibly. I’ve told Sieg to come back after she escorts him to the gate.]

In order to go to the castle where Isis lives, Kaito got ready this morning and
headed to the gate that connects the Human Realm and the Demon Realm. While
talking about him, Lilia suddenly looked at the empty sky, and as if she had
guessed what was in her mind, Lunamaria murmured.

[...The next one that Miyama-sama would probably encounter... would be Dragon
King-sama huh.]

[...Stop... I don’t want to imagine it.]

[W-Well, I heard that Dragon King-sama doesn’t move from the mountain range in
the southern part of the Demon Realm, and Miyama-sama will be visiting the
northern area this time so... There should be no way he’s going to encounter
him.]

[...It would be great if that’s the case...]

The two exchange words with an ominous feeling of foreboding that Kaito, who was
headed to the Demon Realm, would get acquainted with one of the Six Kings
again... Lilia covers her ears, as if to say she didn’t want to hear it. Seeing
Lilia’s grief, Lunamaria heads towards the exit of the room with a wry smile on
her face.

[There’s no point in thinking too badly about it. I’ll go make some tea.]

[Thank you, Luna.]

After thanking Lunamaria as she left the room and was about to make a cup of
tea, Lilia slowly leaned her weight on the chair. And then, after a moment of
silence, she looks at the magic tool on the desk... the Calculation Magic Tool
she received from Kuromueina under the “pretext” of a sample.

[...Kaito-san, you’re really quite the troublesome one... I thought I’d already
returned the first one... and for a second one to appear...]

Gently touching the magic tool, Lilia smiled happily with a faint blush on her
cheeks. Yes, she had realized it. When Kaito observed her as she did office
work, he’d been staring at her as she struggled with her calculations... for
whose sake did he come up with this magic tool and the reason why it is made...

[...Sieg’s voice... and then, this magic tool... Seriously, Kaito-san has been
the only one giving me all these things.]

Holding the magic tool in her hand, and after gently holding it in her
embrace... A Lilia that she doesn’t usually show. Quietly muttering to herself
with the smile of a maiden in love.

[...You’re really a horrible person... Surprising me, worrying me... And yet,
you’re so kind and straightforward... And you’re all I can think about...]

A voice quietly murmuring in that empty room, voicing out her thoughts filled
with her flooding emotions...
