---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 1: Archlesia Empire

The 9th Day of the Water month. I walked down the street that I’ve been taking a
lot recently, and headed towards Alice’s general store. Of course, the reason I
keep coming back to her place like this is because I’m worried about Alice, who
seems to be addicted to gambling. But even more than that, I kinda feel this
strange affinity with Alice, and I feel very comfortable talking to her.

Reaching the front of the shop, I slowly opened the door...

[...I can do it, I should be able to do it... Humans are beings that evolve...
And this is the day where I learn the “magic to summon food out of nothing”...]

[.........]

...and met upon an idiot muttering something unintelligible to herself as her
hands were raised to the sky. I’ve talked with Alice quite a bit, but
sometimes... No, often times, I’m really unable to understand her strange
behavior...

[...The heck are you doing there.]

[Oya? If it isn’t Kaito-san! Good day. Please treat me to a meal! I haven’t
eaten anything in two days!]

[...I have lots of tsukkomis I’d like to throw at you, but you mind if I ask
something?]

[What is it?]

[I did some shopping before I went to the Sacred Tree Festival, right? What
happened to that?]

[.........]

When I astoundedly asked, Alice quickly moved her gaze away.

[I did a lot of shopping at that time, didn’t I?]

[Y-Yes, you did.]

[Only two days had passed since then, so how did you become broke?]

[W-Well\~\~ That’s strange, isn’t it? Before I knew it, all my money
disappeared. Could it be... a thief snuck in?!]

[I see... So, did you feel like you had a good chance of winning this time?]

[That’s right! If only number 5 just came out... Ah, no, ummm—Fugyaaahhh?!]

As I thought, she really gambled her money! Seriously, I just take my eyes off
her for a bit...

[Like I said! I won’t tell you to stop gambling, but how many times do I have to
tell you not to spend your food budget?!]

[Ouchh! M-My cheeks aren’t detachable! E-Even if you pull them that
mu—Ginyaaahhh?!]

I think I might have been being too lenient of her. If I want to rehabilitate
this hardcore of a useless human, I would need to be more strict of her...

Unnn, let’s reflect here. And then, let’s give her a whole lot of scolding.

After making Alice sit in a seiza, I gave her a harsh scolding for about 30
minutes. Well, I highly doubt that this will improve her behavior...

I mean, I have this strong conviction that after a few minutes, she’ll forget
about it and start acting like an idiot again. How should I say this... I really
became friends with a troublesome fellow. Having such a thought in mind, I
loudly sighed and called out to Alice who was sitting on the floor.

[...Hahhh... For the time being, why don’t we go get something to eat?]

[Eh? You’re going to treat me?!]

[...Yeah.]

[Yay! Kaito-san, you’re so dreamy! I’m falling in love with you!]

[.........]

[Arehh? Arerehh? Why are your eyes filled with killing intent in response to
these words...]

The speed on which she switches her mind and words filled with excitement...
She’s a really troublesome fellow. It’s not that she doesn’t do her job well.
No, in fact, I think she’s done pretty well in this regard. Compared to the
first time I came here, the number of clothes in the store has obviously
increased, so I guess she’s adding more products in her store. It was as I
expected, Alice has already figured out what I like to wear. Most of the new
clothes are ones with the chic, subdued colors I like, and she’s obviously
targeting me, trying to squeeze the money out of my wallet.

Even so, she really has a great sense of style. The clothes on display were
designed like they were intricately knitted, and it looks like the patterns even
change depending on the angle of the light. Looking at them now makes me want to
buy them.

[Well, let’s just go to some restaurant somewhere...]

[Ah, if that’s the case, I know a nice place! Let’s go there!]

[.........]

Arehh? Was it just my imagination? Hearing what she said strangely gave me a bad
feeling, especially how she didn’t say “nice restaurant”, and said “nice place”
instead. Before I could say anything about it though, Alice took out something
that looked like a huge magic tool from her magic box.

[Upsy daisy!]

[...This is?]

The magic tool that Alice took out was the biggest one I’ve ever seen, looking
like it was about 2 meters tall.

[Arehh? Kaito-san, was this the first time you’ve seen a “Teleportation Magic
Tool”?]

[I’ve seen a small one back then, but this is the first time I’ve seen a
Teleportation Magic Tool this big.]

[Fufufu, this is a pretty great one. Not only does it only need half an hour to
reuse it, it can also be used to travel long distances.]

[Heehhhh...]

The Teleportation Magic Tool I saw in the store I went to with Kuro before was
around the size of a soccer ball, and when Kuro saw it, she said that it was too
small. It seems that the better-performing ones are around this size. While I’m
looking at the Teleportation Magic Tool with interest, she reaches out to me
while touching the Teleportation Magic Tool.

[I’m going to touch you for a moment\~\~ We can’t transfer at the same time if
we’re not in contact with each other.]

[Ahhh, so... In the end, where are we going?]

[Archlesia Empire’s capital, “Alexandria”.]

[...Huh?]

[Let’s go\~\~]

[Wait?! Stop?!]

---

Walking with a certain idiot who is holding her head down, I looked at the
streets of the big, bustling city around us, which is probably even more lively
than Symphonia Kingdom’s royal capital.

[...It hurts... Is there really a need to hit me...]

[If you suddenly bring me to another country, of course I will hit you. I mean,
what about the issues about borders?]

[Since Teleportation Magic exists, it’s not as if there were any borders to
begin with.]

[I see.]

Alice took me to visit the Archlesia Empire, which is one of the three major
countries of the Human Realm, located north of Symphonia. Compared to Symphonia
Kingdom, which has lots of greeneries, the Archlesia Empire has lots of mines
with veins of ores, and it seems that smithing technologies have been developed
in this country. It’s true that many of the buildings are larger than those of
the Symphonia Kingdom, as we can see that their construction technology is high,
but at the same time, I also got the impression that they are somewhat brusque.

[...Rather, it feels a little chilly here, isn’t it? No, it’s not like I feel
like I’m freezing but...]

[Rather than chilly, it’s downright cold, you know? Unlike Symphonia Kingdom,
Archlesia Empire can get quite cold at certain times of the year... You’re good
with the cold, right, Kaito-san?]

Come to think of it, the people going through the town also seem to be wearing
heavy clothing. That’s strange? I do feel a little chilly, but it’s not so much
that I would need to wear warm clothing....

(That’s thanks to my blessing.)

In response to my inner thoughts, as if it was the most obvious thing in the
world, I heard Shiro-san’s voice.

...I-Is that so, your blessings sure have all sorts of effects huh. I’d
appreciate it if you could tell me more about the other effects as well.

(You can praise me, you know? Praises make me happy.)

Smoothly ignoring my question, typical of Shiro-san. W-Well, it’s true that I
don’t feel cold thanks to your blessing, so thank you very much.

After thanking Shiro-san in my mind, I call out to Alice again, who is walking
next to me.

[That small-statured person I saw just now, was that a Dwarf?]

[Yes, that’s right. Just as there are many Elves in the Symphonia Kingdom, there
are many Dwarves here in the Archlesia Empire. Incidentally, the “Hydra Kingdom”
to the south has lots of Mermaids because they’re a country near the sea.]

[Heeehhhh\~\~ Different countries have different characteristics huh.]

[Yes, since we’re on the topic, do you want me to explain them to you?]

[If it’s alright with you, that would be great.]

[Yes, yes. Well then, “Alice-chan’s Human Realm Lectures” starts now.]

I’ll just not bother with that headache-inducing naming of hers. Thereupon,
Alice took a pen and a pad of paper out of nowhere, and nonchalantly drew a map
of the Human Realm... and she drew freaking well?!

Then, after marking the middle of the map with her pen, she turned to me and
spoke.

[First would be this place, the Symphonia Kingdom, where Kaito-san is located.
It’s located in the middle of the Human Realm, and the climate is stable
throughout the year. Thanks to the country’s close relationship with the World
King, it has an abundance of greenery and food.]

I like the fact that Symphonia’s climate is stable throughout the year. Living
in a country like this was very comfortable.

[Because of the abundance of food ingredients, the food culture here is more
developed than in other countries. Being known as “Food Kingdom of Symphonia”,
there’s a saying that “if you want to eat good food, go to the Symphonia
Kingdom”. The most common non-human races living here are the Elves, Spirits,
and Fairies.]

[I see.]

[Now then, next up would be the Archlesia Empire, where we currently are.
Located in the northern part of the Human Realm, it’s a country full of rocky
mountains and mine.]

As she said this, Alice marked the upper area of her hand-drawn map. In other
words, the location of this mark is the capital of the Archlesia Empire, where
we are now. In other words, the location of this mark is the capital of
Archlesia Empire, where we are now.

[In terms of climate, the cold is especially severe in winters, and it often
snows here. It’s a difficult environment to grow crops in, but with the
blessings of the God of Fertility, it’s not so bad that they’re lacking food.
The country has an abundance of ores, and they have very advanced blacksmithing
and architecture techniques. Being known as “Shelter Empire of Archlesia”, this
country has the largest royal capital among the three countries.]

[Indeed, many of the surrounding buildings are pretty large...]

[The most common non-human races living here are the Dwarves and the Winged.
Ahh, since there are so many Dwarves here, it’s only natural that they would
also have a lot of good alcohol. Incidentally, this country has a close
relationship with the Dragon King. As part of the government’s policy, they have
subsidies prepared for private businesses, so this country has many advantages
for those who are just starting out.]

The Archlesia Empire has a harsh climate, but has developed technologies such as
architecture and blacksmithing... If I had to describe it, this place is a
technological powerhouse.

[And finally, the Hydra Kingdom. Most of the lands of the Hydra Kingdom faces
the sea, and fishing and trading are thriving there. The sense of challenge has
been integrated within their culture, and it’s said that many policies and
businesses are born in Hydra Kingdom. That’s especially the case in terms of
clothing, as Hydra Kingdom’s fashion trends change every few years, making the
country known as “Clothing Kingdom of Hydra”.]

[Hmmm, it’s like they’re an advanced country?]

[Yes. In fact, Hydra Kingdom is the only one in the Human Realm that uses a
“parliamentary system” instead of a monarchy, where the representatives of the
nobility and the commoners discuss and decide and decide the policies of their
country. Because of this, the authority of the nobility over the others may have
been weaker than the others, but in exchange, the commoners living there are
very lively.]

I see, Hydra Kingdom has a political system that is rather similar to the world
I was in. They do have a King, but it’s the representatives of the nobility and
commoners who actually discuss the Kingdom’s actual policies... In that sense,
they may be more advanced than the other countries.

[Due to the fact that their country faces the sea, their population is largely
made up of Humans and Mermaids. This is also the country that the War King
favors. The War King likes those with ambition, and he seems to like the
innovativeness of the Hydra Kingdom.]

In this way, each country has its own unique characteristics, even when all of
them were in the Human Realm. Indeed, even in the world I came from, there were
different countries, with differing cultures and differing histories. Even
though this is a different world, I suppose that would also be the same case
here.

[I’m going to digress, but Hydra Kingdom’s King is quite popular among her
populace. I mean, their country is the only one among the three countries that
hasn’t had a new ruler since the Treaty of Friendship.]

[The same King for a thousand years... That means she’s extremely popular.]

[Yes, “Laguna Dia Hydra”... She’s one of the Heroes who once defeated the Demon
master together with First Hero-sama.]

An innovative country governed by a Hero... I see, I would like to visit that
place once if I had the chance.

[Well, that might be a brief explanation... but that would be it for the
characteristics of the three countries.]

[Unnn, thanks. I’ve learned a lot.]

[No, no\~\~ Ahh, just at the right moment, we’ve finally arrived!]

As soon as Alice finishes her story, we finally arrived at the restaurant we’re
heading for... Unnn? What in the world is with this large building? This doesn’t
look like a restaurant... I mean, the sign over there...

[Hey, Alice...]

[What is it?]

[If my eyes weren’t seeing things, that building have “Monster Race” written on
it...]

[Yeah, that’s what it says.]

It seems like I really wasn’t just seeing things. No matter how I think about it
though, a place called Monster Race doesn’t feel like a restaurant, right?

[...And what is this Monster Race?]

[It’s where various trained monsters compete and where everyone bets money on
who will win—Ouch?!]

[Isn’t this a gambling den?!]

As our conversation naturally flowed, this person is just about to move on to
gambling again!

Or rather, didn’t I say we’d go out to eat, so why the heck are you bringing me
to a gambling den?!

[I-It’s alright... There are various stalls there.]

[...No, that’s not the point. You’ve already wasted so much money there...]

[It’s alright, I earned some “extra income” yesterday!]

No, that’s not it. I mean, if she had that extra income, why didn’t she just buy
food... Were those her gambling money?

I want to stop her but... I can’t do it anymore. The atmosphere is completely
filled with gamblers.

[...Alright. However, don’t get too hot-headed and waste your money... Because
if you went too far, I’ll drag you out of there.]

[Roger that!]

I’m seriously doubting if this person understands... No, well, this might be a
right opportunity in a way. If I’m going to rehabilitate Alice, it would be good
to know how much she’s into gambling. Besides, it’s better to be in a situation
where I can stop her nearby than have her go on a day when I’m not here and she
ends up spending a lot of money.

After concluding that, Alice looked at me, who allowed me to enter the monster
race track, and after a grin appeared on her lips, she spoke.

[...Now then, Kaito-san. While we’re at it, why don’t we play a game?]

[A game?]

[Yes, the both of us will bet the same amount, and see who can win more!]

[...Why would I...]

[I also want Kaito-san to enjoy! If I win, you will treat me to a fancy dinner
tonight!]

[And what if I win?]

[In that case, errr... Then, I’ll listen to “any one thing” Kaito-san says.]

[Fumu... Alright.]

It seems that she’s very confident in her gambling skills, as Alice proposed a
game with a relaxed expression on her face. Well, I think people with experience
in horse racing are stronger, and this kind of thing may depend largely on
familiarity. I’ve been planning to buy her a meal because I have some extra
income... that share of the bet on the winner of the harvest festival, and since
I was originally going to treat her, I guess it should be fine.

Paying for our entrance fees, Alice and I entered this Monster Race place.

From what I’ve heard, it’s just like horse racing back on Earth, but the details
may be different in many ways.

[Even so, that’s a terrific crowd they have here\~\~]

[Wham, omnom... Fuehh?]

[No, it’s nothing.]

It was very crowded inside and there were a huge number of people in the
circular hall. I spoke my thoughts after being surprised to see such a scene,
but Alice had both of her hands full of food and she’s chewing some of it like a
squirrel. By the way, you just bought those foods from the stall with my
money.... so, what happened to that extra income of yours?

[Speaking of which, I don’t really know the rules.]

[Omff? Gulp. It’s easy. First, the 10 monsters that are participating in the
race would go around the course to show their face. Then, you buy a ticket by
predicting which one will win at that time. If you win, you get to redeem your
prize.]

[Fumu.]

Alice prompted me to take a look at the course, and I saw that there are really
various monsters here, some of them looking like large dogs, and some like
crocodiles. Hmmm, even if I look at them, I have no idea how fast they are... No
matter how I think about it, crocodiles would be pretty slow, but if they’re
here in a race, are they fast enough to compete with the others?

[Speaking of which, you said we’ll play a game but... What about the rules?]

[Ahh~ that’s right. Then, let’s just say that our total budget is 1000R, but
we’re free to bet how much we want. There are ten races that will be happening
from now on, so whoever makes the most money in the end wins.]

[Alright.]

1000R... I’ve never gambled before, so I don’t know how much it is average, but
it should be about 100,000 yen... If she spends 100,000 yen each time she goes
here, she’d certainly become broke in no time. I decided I’ll go with that for
the meantime, and moved with Alice to the place where we buy tickets.

I don’t know much about horse racing, but I’ve heard of something like a
“trifecta” before.

However, it seems that the only way to buy tickets for this monster race is to
predict the first place or the first and second and place at the same time. To
be honest, I still have no idea what I should do, so I just decided to go with
my gut feeling and buy a single winner for #7.

My budget is 1000R for 10 races, so I bet 100R for this round and met up with
Alice... Alice glances at my ticket before she smirks.

[Kaito-san bet for the Funny Rabbit huh... Fufufu, that’s very amateurish of
you.]

[Unnn?]

[It’s true that Funny Rabbits are monsters famous for their agility, but they
don’t run properly except when they’re aiming at their prey. So, look...they’re
not very popular either, right?]

[Heehhh...]

I looked in the direction Alice pointed and saw a large wooden sign with the
order of popularity handwritten on it. The Funny Rabbit I bet on was third from
the bottom... and are those numbers beside it the multiplier if it wins? It had
an approximate added on the header, so I guess those numbers are just rough
estimates huh?

[Incidentally, I bought the most popular Grapple Wolf and the second most
popular Wind Jaguar for 50R as first place and second place. Fufufu, I’m going
for a secured win.]

[That’s very mature of you, using a plan like that against an amateur...]

[Hahaha, the society is entirely about the winners! I will be getting that fancy
dinner!]

I don’t know much about monsters to begin with, so I don’t think I can match
with her, but Alice seems to be having fun, so I guess I’ll just let it slide...

In fact, if Alice wins big with this, it will make her life easier from now
on... In which case, I’ll have to be even more strict and careful with her
gambling than she is now.

Just as I sat down at a suitable seat with Alice, it looked like the race would
start soon.

Incidentally, Alice is wearing her usual opera mask, which would normally be
quite suspicious but... there are red-skinned ogres and some other beings
normally walking around in the hall, so it doesn’t seem to be a problem at all.

“Now, the race will start soon! Introducing the most popular, Grapple Wolf, the
second most popular, Wind Jaguar, and the third most popular, the Black Leo!”

[Unnn? What’s that voice?]

It’s a loud voice echoing throughout the venue, sounding like it’s being
broadcast over a microphone, but in this world without mechanical technologies,
does something like that exist?

[He’s using a Loudspeaker Magic Tool to give live commentary of the race.]

[I see.]

It seems there’s something like loudspeakers here in this work that can give
live updates on the race. As an amateur, I’m grateful for the fact that there
will be live commentaries, and I’m starting to get excited about it.

And then, the participating monsters began lining up at the starting point...
and the one I bet on was that 2-meter long rabbit.

Even so, most of the monsters are larger than common animals, and it’s quite
impressive seeing them lined up like this. Incidentally, I’ve heard that in the
monster race, the monsters would sometimes fight each other, which can lead to
really unexpected results.

While I was thinking about this, a sound like a fanfare rang out, and the fence
in front of the monsters disappeared, signifying the start of the race.

“Now, the race has finally started! The first one that leaped out was... Whoa,
this is! Funny Rabbit! It’s the Funny Rabbit!”

[Wha?!]

A huge rabbit jumped out of the starting group, and began to quickly pull away
from the rest of the group.

“It’s fast! The Funny Rabbit’s speed isn’t funny at all! This is quite an
unexpected turn of events, the seldom-motivated Funny Rabbit dash! Could this be
that once-in-a-century event?!”

[Eh? W-Wait, this is...]

Looking at the Funny Rabbit, who is widening the gap with the others, Alice
started panicking.

I mean, was it really that rare for it to get motivated that it was seriously
getting called as a once in a century event... It seems that rabbit is just like
Fate-san.

“The Funny Rabbit is overwhelmingly fast! It has already pulled away from the
rest of the group!”

[N-No way...]

“And now, with half a lap ahead of the others, it reached the goal! In first
place is the Funny Rabbit! It’s the Funny Rabbit!!!”

[Eeehhhhh?!]

And thus, in the end, with an overwhelming lead, the Funny Rabbit won.

I never thought I’d get it right...While Alice just looked at it with her mouth
opened wide. As a self-proclaimed beauty, I don’t think that’s something you
should do...

[I-I-It’s that beginner’s luck thing, right... H-How frightening. With that win,
you could get around 50-times your bet...]

[50 times... 5000R?!]

It seems that the Funny Rabbit really wasn’t popular, and the multiplier for its
win is 50-times.

Doesn’t this mean I won the game already? Well, I’m pretty sure it’s just
beginner’s luck...

After cashing in the first ticket, I bought a ticket for the second race and
joined up with Alice.

[Ahahaha! Kaito-san, what are you thinking when you bet on that?! Isn’t that
Tyrant Turtle, you know, a slow turtle?!]

[...No, I’m not really sure who to bet on, so I just randomly bet on someone.]

[Moreover, you bet 500R... Ahaha, isn’t that quite a waste\~\~?]

Seeing the ticket I had bought, Alice laughed her head off. It seems that the
Tyrant Turtle I bought was the least popular by far. Unnn, I thought that even
if it’s a turtle monster, it would be fast enough since it’s participating in a
race, but it seems it’s really slow.

[Fufufu, it seems that what happened last round really was beginner’s luck. I
guess this is where Alice-chan’s great comeback starts.]

[Yeah, yeah.]

Even so, Alice has been really filled with tension since a while ago. It would
be interesting to watch her smug smile turn into a flustered one.

Thereupon, we moved to our seats again and the second race started... and
immediately afterwards, things took an unbelievable turn.

The Tyrant Turtle... The giant tortoise-shaped monster bit the neck of the
horse-shaped monster running beside it as soon as the race started, pulling it
down to the ground.

“Whoa! The Tyrant Turtle attacks! The Grave Horse has fallen prey to its
fangs!!!”

I see, when they said there would be fights between monsters, this is what they
mean huh...

However, the situation shifted to something even more unbelievable. There were
many bloodthirsty monsters in this race, and when the other monsters saw the
Grave Horse had been defeated, they turned to the Tyrant Turtle and began
attacking it.

“This is... A brawl has begun?!”

[A-Awawa... This is bad, this is really bad...]

[It’s bad?]

The crowd around us erupted in excitement and began cheering loudly at the
battle between the monsters that suddenly began, but for some reason, Alice was
panicking and looked kinda pale. When I asked her what’s up with her, Alice
still looked pale when she turned to me.

[Well, that Tyrant Turtle, their legs are incredibly slow but... its fighting
power...]

“The Tyrant Turtle is strong! It began knocking down the other monsters and
began to leisurely proceed through the course! This is a really unexpected
result!!!”

Hearing the live commentary that seemed to affirm the words she muttered, Alice
hurriedly returned her gaze to the race track, and with her face turning pale,
she spoke.

[Awawawa...]

When I heard the live commentary, I also looked at the course and saw that the
Tyrant Turtle moving along the course with a slow gait, while the other monsters
had fallen, looking as if they’re literally mowed down. It was literally running
by itself in the race, and after a while, the Tyrant Turtle won the race.

[...That’s a... lie...]

Alice looked pure white as she hung her head down, as if she just burned out...
Arehh? Did I win again?

The Tyrant Turtle’s victory had a tremendous amount of multiplier in its name,
and when I redeemed it... I was given a platinum coin that was one size larger
than the rest of the currencies I had been given. Could this be a white gold
coin? That means... This is 100,000R?! I earned 200 times my bet?! 10 million
yen... Is it really okay to get it this easily? How should I say this... This
clearly isn’t something I could gather, so I’m feeling dwarved instead of being
happy. Where should I use this amount of money... Hmmm. Should I buy something
in return to her that I’m usually indebted to?

After unexpectedly winning a large sum of money, half-happy and half-confused, I
continued gambling with Alice in the Monster Race.

[Umm... Kaito-san.]

[Unnn?]

[...You hit it right again huh?]

[I’m also surprised...]

[What a monster... you are...]

Four races have now been completed, and unbelievably, I’ve won four times in a
row. I feel like I’ve been very lucky today. Incidentally, Alice lost all of her
races. My money has also frighteningly increased... and I’m beginning to feel
like something outrageous is going to happen.

I feel like our match is already settled... but I don’t know if Alice still has
her eye on reversal, as even though she’s quite stunned, she doesn’t seem to
have given up.

[...The game’s still not decided yet...]

[Unnn?]

[In the next race! I’ll get to the lead in one fell swoop!!!]

[...I-I see...]

It seems that the next race is the largest race, and the amount of money betting
there is going to jump up.

However, I wonder what this feeling is? This unspeakable pity welling up in my
heart, as if I’m watching a gambler destroy themself...

And in comes the fifth race of the Monster Race. Alice said this race is a main
one, but what does she mean?

“Now, the fifth race has finally arrived! It’s the race that’s hardest to
predict the winner, but it’s also the hottest and most exciting one... The Large
Species Race!”

[...Large species?]

[Fufufu, you should understand why after you see them.]

“Now, in comes the first one... the Tyrant of the Skies! Red Dragon!”

Along with the live commentary’s announcement, cheers began resounding, and a
dragon nearly five meters long leisurely flew across the race track. If I
remember correctly, that’s the dragon Neun-san hunted before, right? I’ve never
seen it fly before, but it looks powerful... Also, that dragon sure was tasty...

“The next one to appear is... Number 2, the Hunter of the Absolute Zero!
Fenrir!”

[W-Whoa... Big names come out one after another...]

[This race is full of some of the most talented monsters in the world.]

[Are all of them captured and trained?]

[No way, they’re mostly raised from eggs and children that were given to them by
Dragon King-sama’s followers. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have listened to their
trainers.]

This race seems to be filled with legendary monsters, which is why it’s so
exciting. Normally, they aren’t the kind of monsters that would be friendly to
people, but if they were raised properly from childhood, they will listen to
you.

“Whoa, it seems that we have a newcomer making its debut here! Number 6, the
legendary magical beast! Behemoth!”

[Whooaaa?! Isn’t that a Behemoth...]

A large monster with two pitch-black horns appeared as the sixth racer, a bit
smaller than others... about 3 meters, but combined with its dark purple skin, I
felt a tremendous amount of power coming from it. If Alice is surprised, does
that mean that it’s a really awesome monster?

[Is that an amazing monster?]

[When you mention amazing, talking about the behemoth... High Ancient Dragon...
along with Nidhogg, they are one of the strongest monsters in the world...
They’re literally legendary magical beasts, known as the Nidhogg of the Skies
and Behemoth of the Earth.]

[Whoa, so that must have been quite an amazing monster huh...]

[Well, that behemoth is still a “baby” though.]

[A baby?!]

I honestly couldn’t believe what Alice told me right away. That’s a baby? It
looks like it’s about 3 meters long already... How long would it have become if
it becomes an adult...

[The adult behemoth can reach over 100 meters.]

[...That’s quite large.]

It can unexpectedly reach over 100 meters, that really is like a kaiju that
looks like something that a certain 3-minute hero would fight against.
Certainly, when it can grow to that size, it makes sense why that behemoth is
just a baby.

And, that’s when I suddenly realized... Maybe it’s just my imagination, but the
Behemoth seemed to be looking at me... and it feels like our eyes met just now.
Yep, it stopped in the middle of the course and kept looking at me.

[I wonder what’s happening? It isn’t like it’s only Behemoths who got cold feet
in their first race but...]

[I think it’s looking over here.]

[Behemoths are extremely temperamental and aggressive, so maybe it’s thinking
that Kaito-san is its prey\~\~]

[Don’t say frightening things...]

[Ahaha, it will be fine. There’s a barrier installed in the venue, and Behemoth
it may be, there’s no way it can break it when it’s just a baby. Anyway, let’s
go buy some tickets!]

[Y-Yeah...]

Is that really how it is? The emotions I felt earlier, rather than hostility...

When I went to buy a ticket with Alice, the most popular one seemed to be the
Fenrir, and the Behemoth was surprisingly at the bottom of the list.

[The Behemoth’s ranking... is quite low huh.]

[Behemoths are amazing in terms of power, endurance, and speed... but a baby
isn’t that great. To be honest, I don’t think it can beat either the Red Dragon
or the Fenrir.]

No matter how powerful a Behemoth is, it doesn’t seem to have that much power as
a newborn baby. Still, they’re in the race for the large species, but it seems
to be in a different league compared to the other monsters.

[...I see. Unnn? That thing on the side doesn’t look like a multiplier, right?
What’s that?]

What I was curious about was that next to the names of the behemoth and the red
dragon, there was a number like 50 or 70 written.

[Ah, that’s the selling price for the monster.]

[Selling price?]

[Yes, the monsters that participate in the main race can be bought as pets. So,
those numbers are their price.]

[They’re being bought... Is that going to be fine?]

What a surprise, the monsters participating in the main race... that includes
the Red Dragon and the Fenrir, can be bought. They are all supposed to be
amazing monsters, but wouldn’t it be dangerous to buy them?

[Don’t worry. Like I said, the monsters participating in the main race were
granted to us by the Dragon King-sama every year, so they can never go against
their master because of the magic applied by the Dragon King-sama.]

[Heehhh... Then, do they sell well?]

[No, people rarely buy them. The amount of money written on the side of their
names were in white gold coins... That amount is something only nobles can buy.]

Indeed, if they’re being sold in white gold coins, every monster is worth
hundreds of millions of yen... It’s not something the average person can
afford...

The Behemoth is... 300 white gold coins?! That’s 3 billion yen!!! I-I guess
that’s to be expected... from a legendary magical beast.

[...Hey, Alice.]

[What’s up?]

[Does that mean that I could also buy them?]

[...But of course, wait, Kaito-san?! Please don’t tell me that you’re going to
buy one, do you even have that much money?]

[No, I don’t have that much money but...]

The reason why I said that is quite clear. The eyes of the Behemoth that was
looking at me earlier... I can’t get them out of my head. The emotions I read
with my Sympathy Magic were small, like a young child’s... and they were very
pure.

I don’t want to be here, take me away... These emotions were directly gushing
towards me.

That’s why I can’t take the behemoth out of my mind.

No, I know. It’s practically not my problem... I’m also currently a freeloader,
and it may be difficult to have a monster that would eventually become over
100-meter long. No, it’s impossible to do that if I get down on my knees to
Lilia-san at worst, and if that doesn’t work, I don’t think it’s impossible for
me to ask Kuro for help. In that case, the only problem left is the 300 white
gold coins...

[...Well, we’re here to gamble, right?]

[Kaito-san?]

[I’ll go buy a ticket.]

[Eh? Wait?!]

After telling that to Alice, I go to the ticket office.

Then, I placed all the money I earned in front of the lady at the reception
desk.

[Number 6, I’m betting “two white gold coins”.]

[Ehh? Hahhh? U-Understood!]

Hearing my words as I held out two white gold coins and announced, the lady at
the reception desk looked astonished as she held out a ticket for me. After
receiving the ticket, I slowly moved my eyes to the signboard... As expected of
the main race, the amount of money multiplied has jumped up, and the Behemoth’s
multiplier is now about 400 times... Even though I bet two white gold coins,
what I bet if I win would be over 200 times more than that. In other words, if
the Behemoth wins the race, I can buy the Behemoth. But if he loses, all my
possessions are gone.

Geez, it’s times like this where I’m astounded by my own character. I even
harshly warned Alice of gambling, and here I am now, spending all my money on
it...

As I was thinking about this, before I knew it, Alice came back with a ticket.

[I don’t know what’s going on, but Kaito-san looks really handsome now... So,
I’ll go with you.]

[Eh?]

[I also bet all-in on the behemoth. Whatever the result may be, know that I will
be the same.]

[You... seriously...]

Seeing the smile on Alice’s face as she bought the same ticket with me, I
unexpectedly chuckled. I know I’m being silly, but it seems that I’m vulnerable
to those eyes. Today is the first time in my life that I gambled, today is also
the day that I made a huge bet.

---

[Milady? You’re holding your head now, is something the matter?]

[...No, I don’t really know, but I’m feeling one heck of a chill behind my spine
just now...]

[I guess it’s getting cold huh?]

[No, I don’t think it’s like that... It’s just that I have a very bad feeling...
Luna? Where’s Kaito-san?]

[I think he went out earlier this morning?]

[.........]

---

Bringing along the ticket with all my money on the line, I return to my seat. It
looks like the race will start soon, as the large monsters are gathered in front
of the starting fence. And among them, the Behemoth was staring at our direction
again.

I’m not entirely sure if it could be understood because of the distance between
us, but I used my Sympathy Magic to send my will to the Behemoth.

“What happens will depend on your hard work...”

After a while, the Behemoth gave a small nod and removed its gaze from us, and
after confirming that, I sat down.

[Alice, does the Behemoth have a chance for it to win?]

[Hmmm. This main race is... well, as you can see, there are lots of belligerent
monsters, so it often turns into a brawl. And as expected, it would be
unreasonable to expect the baby Behemoth to mow down all the other monsters...
It would be great if the Red Dragon and the Fenrir would crush each other and
perhaps...]

[I see.]

[...It’s just...]

[Unnn?]

I guess it really looked pretty tough for the Behemoth to win, but apparently,
it’s possible if the other strong contenders strike against each other. In fact,
it wasn’t impossible for us to win since the main race is set up so that
unexpected situations may happen. However, after speaking all that, Alice tilted
her head as if there’s something she’s curious about.

[That Behemoth... looked a little different from what I know.]

[Different in what way?]

[Well, I haven’t seen that many Behemoths either... but I think the horns of the
Behemoth were “red”.]

[Red horns? No, but that Behemoth’s horns are black though?]

[That’s right\~\~ That’s why, if it’s really what I think...]

“Now, the main race has finally started!”

Just as Alice was about to say something, the live commentary of the main race
resounded, and hearing that, she stopped talking and shifted her gaze to the
course. The moment the fence in front of the monsters disappeared and the race
started... It happened.

The Behemoth that had been walking on four legs suddenly raised its paws and
roared. Jet-black lightning shot out from its black horns and pierced the red
dragon that was flying in the sky.

“W-What a surprise?! The Red Dragon was shot down in a single striiiiiiiiike!
Could this be the power of a legendary magical beast?!”

[As I thought, that Behemoth... is a Special Individual!]

[A Special Individual?]

Talking about Special Individuals, as I recall, it was also the case with the
blue ogre Acht, beings that are different from the norm.

[Kaito-san! With this, the possibility of its victory really increased! I only
know about it from books, but it is said that the Special Individuals of the
Behemoths are clad in jet-black lightning, and have several times the power of a
normal Behemoth.]

[Several times... That is...]

“Whoa! The Behemoth’s fast! It’s already catching up with the Fenrir, who’s
currently in the lead!”

As if to affirm Alice’s excitement-filled words, the Behemoth, which shot down
the Red Dragon, ran down the course at a terrific speed and began closing in the
distance between the giant wolf in front of him... the Fenrir.

The Fenrir also sensed the Behemoth’s approach, and after stopping in its
tracks, it let out a howl.

“The Fenrir is about to intercept the Behemoth!!!”

Huge icicles appeared around Fenrir, heading towards the Behemoth with the speed
of a bullet.

It seems that if a monster’s as powerful as a Fenrir, they can also use magic,
while the Behemoth evades them with his quick steps, but some of the icicles
still managed to graze it.

The Behemoth, who reached Fenrir even as wounds were inflicted on its body in
multiple places, waved its horns at the Fenrir... but just as the Fenrir looks
like a wolf, it also had the evasiveness of one, quickly and easily evading the
Behemoth’s strike.

[As expected of a Fenrir, it’s really light on its feet. However, if that
Behemoth is a Special Individual... even a baby should be able to use that.]

[That?]

[Yes, watch closely. Its victory would probably be settled in an instant... It’s
coming, the Behemoth’s “breath”.]

When I followed Alice’s words and looked at the Behemoth, the Behemoth stood up
on its hind legs again, and let out an earth-shaking roar. In response to its
roar, the lightning that had been gushing out of its horns converges on its
mouth.

[This is what is said in legends. The breath of the Nidhogg of the Skies burns
the land in hellfire, while the breath of the Behemoth of the Earth... pierces
the skies with a flash...]

[?!]

In just a few moments, black thunderbolts converged and formed into a sphere of
black lightning, and perhaps judging that it would be dangerous, the Fenrir
wanted to get rid of the Behemoth... but it’s already too late. As the
Behemoth’s front paws slammed to the ground, it’s four limbs clamped down on the
earth.

And then—A ray of light flashed through the race track.

The black flash of death ripped through the air, leaving no sound behind, and
pierced through the Fenrir’s body before it even noticed. After a moment of
silence, a roar echoed in the air, and as if in response to it, the Fenrir’s
body fell down on the ground. The frightening breath that was released literally
at the speed of thunder, eliminated the obstacles in front of it with its
overwhelming tyranny, and at the same time, decided the result of the race.

“The Fenrir has fallen! The race has been settled! The other monsters are even
terrified of that previous battle! This is unexpected, truly unexpected... and
now, the Behemoth reaches that goal in first place! The first place is the
Behemoth! It’s the Behemoth!”

[Yaaaaaaaaayyyyyy! Kaito-san! We won!]

[Yeah, that was really amazing!]

[Yaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyy!!! I made lots of mon—Ouch?!]

[You, can’t you read the mood at all...]

Lightly knocking Alice on her head for being so excited about making so much
money, I smiled at the Behemoth looking at me from the goal.

![Insert 1](../../_Images/v04/Insert1.jpg#.insert)

---

I wonder if the seventh race in the venue started already? Alice and I didn’t
join in after the fifth race, and now, we had come to the large building behind
the monster racetrack.

[Miyama Kaito-sama, thank you for your purchase today. My name is Chapel, the
manager of the Monster Race. Pleased to be your acquaintance...]

[Ah, yes. I’m Miyama Kaito. It’s nice to meet you.]

The manager in charge of the monster racetrack, dressed in glittering clothes...
Chapel-san speaks to me with a bright smile. Well, I did just buy the
Behemoth... so if I had to describe it with something, it would be like I’m a
good customer who made a big purchase, so I can understand why they’re being
courteous to me. Well, I could somehow understand, but being bowed to by someone
obviously older than you is... how should I say this... it’s just something I
just can’t get used to.

[Rumors of Miyama-sama have reached me as well.]

[Rumors?]

[Yes, I heard you are a close friend of the Six Kings and how you admirably won
in the recent Sacred Tree Festival.]

[Y-Yeah... Well...]

[I guess it’s to be expected from a first-rate gentleman to have an eye for good
things. Please continue to patronize our establishment in the future.]

[Ah, yes.]

The story about my victory in the harvest competition has already spread to
other countries? To be honest, I’m kinda getting embarrassed now. No, it may
just be that Chapel-san’s information network is wide... or rather, I hope
that’s really the case.

By the way, the behemoth’s multiplier is a considerable 205 times, and I have
more than 100 white gold coins left in my hand after paying for the Behemoth. I
kinda feel sorry that I won an outrageous amount of money, but Chapel-san still
has a smile on his face. Come to think of it, I’ve heard that horse races and
the like are structured to make the bookmaker profitable no matter what, so I
wonder, was it the same case for the monster race too?

[Excuse me\~\~. More sweets please—Gyaaahhh?!]

[Can’t you just be reserved for even a bit...]

[No, no, go ahead, be my guest... Ahh, please excuse me. It looks like the
handover is ready, so please come this way.]

[Yes.]

Hitting the head of the idiot who even asked for a refill after eating up all
the sweets served to us, it seems that the handover of the Behemoth is now
ready, so Chapel-san began leading us. And then, as we walked, Alice walked next
to me, speaking in a soft voice that only I could hear.

[...It seems like he clearly knew who he should curry favor to huh. This
person’s quite capable.]

[...What do you mean?]

[That Behemoth is a Special Individual. It would normally have double the value
of a normal one... And perhaps, there were probably many other great nobles who
wanted to buy it.]

[Really?]

[It’s just my conjecture... but he’s probably thinking that it would be better
to have a good impression to Kaito-san by selling it to you instead... That’s
also the reason why he gave you that discount, I guess?]

[Indeed...]

Just as Alice said, when I bought the Behemoth... It had gone from 300 white
gold coins to 280, as this was apparently “my first purchase”. A 200-million yen
discount... That’s how much he wants to show me his sincerity. In fact, Alice’s
prediction doesn’t seem to be wrong, as Chapel-san would sometimes glance at me
while speaking with a smile on his face.

[Miyama-sama, please do come again. If it’s alright with you, you may come with
Underworld King-sama and World King-sama... Ahh, in that case, of course, please
do let me know and I’ll do my best to accommodate you.]

[Ah, yes. I understand. I’ll tell Kuro... Underworld-sama and the others about
how Chapel-san has been good to me.]

[Ohh, I’m grateful for those words... It’s quite an honor.]

It seems that Chapel-san knows from the beginning that we know how he’s
calculating, and since he came to me in a roundabout way to express his wish, I
also expressed my thanks, though it might be in the form of formality.
Apparently, just as Alice-san said, he’s really good at what he does... Why is
it that you have a keen eye for others, but have no business acumen at all?

In the meantime, we arrived in front of a very large cage, and as I moved my
gaze, I could see inside the Behemoth from earlier. When the Behemoth noticed
me, it slowly got up and approached me in the cage, before staring at me again.

[It’s very ferocious, so let’s register you first as its master—wait,
Miyama-sama?!]

When I casually approached the cage, the Behemoth looked at me and lightly
lowered its head. I didn’t feel any hostility, but rather gratitude and
goodwill, so I reached out my hand and patted its head. The Behemoth comfortably
rubbed its head against my hand, which made Chapel-san quite surprised.

[...How... could that Behemoth be this docile... Good gracious, I guess I should
just say that it’s to be expected from Miyama-sama.]

It seems that the Behemoth already acknowledges me as its master, as it stayed
docile without any resistance to the collar-type magic tool that would register
me as its master. And after the master registration has been peacefully
completed, the cage is opened and the Behemoth slowly rubs its face against my
body.

[Gaoooo...]

I knew that it was still a baby, and seeing it behaving like a spoiled child
looked pleasant... but the two horns on its head were very frightening. Please
make sure you don’t pierce me, okay?

After buying out the Behemoth, I didn’t feel like going back to the race venue,
so I walked with Alice in the opposite direction of the Monster Race. The
Behemoth isn’t particularly violent, nor is she threatening the people around
us. She’s just calmly following behind me. Meanwhile, the people walking along
the streets were looking at the Behemoth following us with curiosity, but they
didn’t seem to be frightened. Behemoths themselves may be rare, but I guess it
isn’t surprising for people in this world to be walking along with monsters?

[She’s a docile one huh.]

[No, they aren’t usually this docile... It just might be because she was really
emotionally attached to Kaito-san.]

[Ah, speaking of which... I should give it a name.]

[Guruu?]

It’s pitiful just calling her Behemoth, so I thought I should give her a name...
but honestly, I’m not confident in my naming sense.

[Alright, the one known as the authority in terms of naming sense, Alice-chan
will give him a name!]

[.......]

I don’t remember her having such a reputation, but Alice looks like she’s in
high spirits as she puffed out her small chest. And after putting her hand to
her chin and started thinking for a bit...

[How about Bellfreed, Bell for short? It’s a combination of old words that are
no longer in use, which means “black lightning”.]

[...I’m surprised that you really gave her a pretty decent name.]

[What do you mean by that?!]

To my surprise, Alice suggested a pretty good name. I honestly thought she would
definitely give a weird name... so I was really surprised.

[Is it alright if I call you Bellfreed now?]

[Gaooo!]

The Behemoth seems to like that name as well, as she greatly nodded her head
when she heard what I said. Smiling at her cute movements, I patted
Bellfreed’s... Bell’s head, to which she comfortably rubbed her face against my
hand. Then, after being patted by me for a bit, she stood on her hind legs, Bell
raised her paw and patted Alice on her shoulder.

[Guru.]

[...Oi, you damned beast. What the heck is with that gaze of yours, as if you’re
praising your subordinate for a job well done?! Your attitude is clearly
different from when you’re talking with Kaito-san!!! Let me show you how
frightening humans are...]

[Gaooo!]

[Gyaaahhh?!]

Alice, angered by Bell’s actions, raised her fist at Bell... but she was blown
away by Bell’s slap.

A-As expected of a magical beast, it has quite an outrageous physical power, an
ordinary person would have their neck broken if they receive such a slap. Well,
it’s a good thing that the other party is Alice, someone who I think won’t die
even if she’s killed, but I have to be careful so that she won’t do it to any
other person...

[Wait a sec there?! Kaito-san! Aren’t you too rough on me?!]

She revived real fast huh... Bell didn’t even make a crack on her mask with that
vicious slap...

Alice continues to shout at me while spreading her arms wide.

[I grow up on love, you know?! Please love me more! Please hold me close! Now,
come on!]

[...Bell, go!]

[Guruuaaahhh!!!]

[Gyaaaaa?!]

Towards Alice who had her arms spread wide, messing around again in the middle
of the road, I sicced Bell on her. Yep, Bell, great job. My tsukkomi power
against Alice increased, and I’m really grateful for that.

[Wait, Kaito-san?! What’s with you nodding on your own there, nggyaaaahhh?!
S-Stop with the horns, don’t point them at meeeeeee?!]

[Bell, come here.]

[Gaooo!]

[...I-I won’t say stupid things again... A Behemoth’s attack really tires me
out.]

Rather than that, for you to just say it tires you out of being attacked by a
legendary magical beast, this person really has some kind of monster-like spec
in her huh...

At that moment, I suddenly remembered about that game Alice and I were playing.

[Speaking of which, Alice. In the end, what’s the result of our game?]

[Ahh... no, well, it’s completely my loss. I feel like even if we go back to the
racing venue, I don’t think I can beat Kaito-san... It can’t be helped, I’ll
obediently listen to one thing you’ll say.]

[Hmmm.]

For me, I was just going along with the flow, but Alice seems like she will
really listen to one thing I say, just like she said in the beginning. However,
it’s not like I’ll be able to come up with anything, so I’ll just hold off on
that.

As I was thinking that, for some reason, I felt that Alice was fidgeting, and
although I couldn’t completely see her face due to her opera mask, I felt that
she was looking at me with upturned eyes.

[I-I guess it can’t be helped... I-I’m also prepared for that too.]

[Unnn?]

[The inn is that way... Now, let your beastly instincts run wild in my body...]

[Bell, go!]

[Gaaaahhhhh!]

[Gyaaaahhhh?! Can you please not send a real beast my waaaayyyy?!]

Alice, who was about to say something stupid again, was struck by Bell again.

[...No, seriously... Please stop using the Behemoth as a tsukkomi. I might get
injured at this rate.]

[It’s amazing how you’re still not injured from that though.]

Amazed, I threw a tsukkomi at Alice, whose shoulders were rising and falling
with her breath. Seriously, how sturdy are you? Anyway, it seems like Alice’s
antics are over, so I talk to her while patting Bell for doing a great job.

[Anyway, it’s still a little early but... Do you want to go eat dinner?]

[Eh? You’re going to treat me?!]

[...You earned enough money for that though...]

[Food that comes from other people’s money is the tastiest!]

[You really have a good personality huh...]

Wryly smiling at Alice who isn’t shaken at all, I was thinking of eating
somewhere... when Bell looks up and lets out a low growl. When I noticed this
and moved my gaze, a group of people wearing beautiful armor... knight-like
people were approaching my direction.

When the knights come up to me, they all bow deeply on one knee at the same
time.

[You are Miyama Kaito-sama, right?]

[Ah, yes... errr...]

[I’m Archlesia Empire, First Knight Order’s Commander, Bard. Please forgive us
for our abrupt impoliteness. His Majesty, the Emperor of Archlesia wishes to see
you... So if it’s possible, it would be our delight to have you visit the
castle....]

[Huh? Eh?]

I can’t help but freeze at the really sudden event.

His Majesty, the Emperor... The top of this country wants to see me? Why? I
don’t understand the situation at all. I also couldn’t understand why Bard-san,
who calls himself the Knight Commander, seems so nervous about me, looking as if
he was trying to pick his words.

Just as I’m unsure of how to reply, Alice dashes in front of me.

[Whoa there, if you want to invite Kaito-san, you have to go through me, his
partner, first.]

[.........]

Since when did you become my partner... Though I frantically gulped those words
down my throat. I won’t be able to answer them well at this point, so if Alice
can negotiate with them, it will really help—

[The first thing we require is a fancy dinner!]

[...Bell, shut her up.]

[Gaaruuuaaahhh!]

[Hyyaaaahhhh?!]

I take back what I said before, leaving this to Alice won’t settle the
conversation at all. For now, I put Alice aside and after turning to Bard-san, I
apologized.

[I’m sorry for the idiot but... errr, why me?]

[Yes. His Majesty, the Emperor said that “he had met Miyama-sama before”, and
when he heard that Miyama-sama is here in this country, he said he would like to
meet him again.]

[We met before? E-Errr, sorry for being uninformed. What is his Majesty, the
Emperor’s name?]

[Hahh, His Majesty, the Emperor’s name is Chris... Chris Dia Archlesia.]

I don’t remember that name at all though?! Have we met before? Where would that
be?

I’ve never been out of Symphonia Kingdom, so there’s no way I would be familiar
with that Emperor Chris’ name. However, this is an invitation from a monarch...
If I refuse this, I feel like I would trouble Lilia-san.

[...U-Understood. I’ll be intruding upon him.]

[Thank you very much. Well then, we have already prepared a carriage to bring
you there.]

Bard-san bows deeply upon hearing my words, and then, leads me to a carriage a
short distance away... an incredibly luxurious carriage. Going inside with
Alice, as expected, Bell couldn’t get into the carriage, so I asked him to run
after us.

[Kaito-san... You’re acquainted with His Majesty, the Emperor? Seriously, who
are you...]

[No, I don’t remember meeting him at all though...]

In response to Alice’s question, I just merely tilted my head.

After being rocked by the carriage for more than ten minutes... We arrived at a
really, really large castle that anyone would definitely call a royal castle. I
thought I would be greeted in something like an audience room, but I was led to
a large reception room instead, where a number of maids and butlers neatly lined
up by the wall.

Puzzled by being treated like a state guest, I waited for His Majesty, the
Emperor to arrive... And after a few minutes, the door on the far side was
opened and a figure dressed in luxurious clothing appeared.

[Welcome and thank you for coming, Miyama-sama. it’s a pleasure to meet you
again.]

[...Eh? Arehh?]

Looking at the Emperor who has a radiant smile on his face, I am stunned.

...I certainly met this person before... His face looks really familiar.
However, eh? That person is his Majesty, the Emperor?!

No, no, that’s impossible... I mean, he was...

[...”The coachman who brought me when I went to eat barbecue?”]

[Yes.]

[Eeehhhhh?!]

The Emperor I met at the royal castle of Archlesia Empire... His Majesty Chris
was, to my surprise, the driver of the carriage I rode in when I had barbecue
with Kuro before. This is a reunion that I wouldn’t have expected, you know?!
After all, for the coachman I met before to actually be an Emperor...

Towards me, who is dumbfounded by the surprising fact, His Majesty Chris spoke
with a smile on his face.

[It isn’t strange that you’re surprised. I’m sorry for not telling you.]

[Ah, n-no!]

[I was indebted to Underworld King-sama a long time ago, and when I heard she
was interested in an otherworlder, I wanted to meet him, so I asked her to allow
me to be her coachman.

[I-Is that so...]

[...At that time, I thought Miyama-sama was a very normal person, but it seems
that my eyes were clouded. I take this opportunity to apologize for looking down
on you without a second thought.]

Speaking to me in polite language, His Majesty Chris then deeply bowed his head.
I think he’s a sincere person, but as I’ve been bowed down by the monarch of a
country, I feel like I’m receiving a punishment instead.

[P-Please raise your head. His Majesty Chris.]

[Then, if you’ll excuse me... Miyama-sama, there’s no need to call me with my
honorary title. No, in fact, I feel like I would be scolded by Underworld
King-sama if Miyama-sama used my honorary title to call me.]

[T-Then, I’ll call you Chris-san...]

[Yes. Once again, pleased to make your acquaintance.]

[Pleased to make your acquaintance too.]

Chris-san, despite his status as the Emperor of Archlesia Empire, is extremely
down to earth and polite. His hair is beautiful like they’re strands of
sapphires and her eyes are like emeralds... He’s definitely the epitome of a
prince, and though he’s one of those slender ikemen, he doesn’t feel as
irritating as the other ikemen back on Earth.

When Chris-san urged me to sit down on a chair, Alice also sat down next to me
as if it’s the most obvious thing in the world. Thereupon, as if Chris-san
suddenly remembered of her existence, he looked towards Alice.

Speaking of which, that boisterous Alice had been silent ever since we came to
this castle...

[The lady over there must be Miyama-sama’s companion, right? Sorry for the delay
in greeting...]

[Ah, you don’t have to greet me or anything like that.]

[?!]

In response to Chris, who talked to her with a gentle smile, Alice... She
replied in a cold voice that I can’t imagine she would normally have. I saw the
knights waiting behind Chris-san twitch their eyebrows at her cold attitude.

[Alice? What in the world is going on with you...]

[...The only people I want to interact with are “those with whom I think are
worth interacting with”. So, I don’t have anything to talk about with the oh, so
gracious, His Majesty, the Emperor.]

[Wha?!]

The air in the room became tense when they heard those words she nonchalantly
said. I guess that should be obvious. Just now, Alice said that she only
interacts with people who are of value to her, and when she said she won’t be
talking to Chris... That means...

[...What you mean is that, for you, I am... a person of no value?]

[That’s right.]

[You bitch!!!]

She said it... She really went and said all of it. Alice now, clearly said to
the Emperor of Archlesia Empire that her existence holds no value. In that tense
atmosphere, Chris-san holds back his knights who were furious and put their
hands on their swords.

Although Chris-san doesn’t seem to be angry, surprise could still be seen in his
eyes. However, Alice didn’t seem to mind them, as she took out a small knife out
of thin air and put it on the table, moving it around as if she was playing with
it.

[Well, each person’s sense of value is different, you know\~\~? I have a habit
of putting a value on others in my head... As for His Majesty, the Emperor, you
would just be one of the freebies I would give out, so around “one copper coin”,
I guess?]

[...Hoohhh... You priced me quite cheaply huh.]

[How rude! What do you even know about His Majesty, the Emperor?!]

[...Chris Dia von Archlesia. Born as the third child of the former Emperor Duran
Dia Archlesia, graduated at the top of their class from the country’s magic
school at the age of ten. Pursued a career in finance, initially intending to
become a treasurer, but fearing the fate of their country, kicked out their two
older brothers to succeed to the throne. Showing skill that was so great that
made them known as the Wise Emperor, they had been called the greatest
politician of all time. Currently 24 years old, their hobby is horse-riding, and
their favorite book is “An Ode for the Banner”... Anyone would know about this
if they spend some time investigating it.]

[?!]

While fluently talking about Chris-san’s background, Alice takes out another
knife and places it on the desk. That strange atmosphere, which was different
from the usual, left me, and obviously, Chris-san and... even the angry knights
were stunned, speechless about what they heard.

[They will do everything for their country. If it’s for the sake of their
country and their people, no matter how much dishonor it brings to them, they
will bow down to just anyone. Just like a tool for the betterment of their
country... What a noble thought that is\~\~, but you’re too boring.]

[...Boring?]

[I’m not interested in empty shells like those people who cast their own self
for others. No, I’m not saying that you’re a bad Emperor or anything like that.
As I said before, I think you’re quite noble, a clever person worthy of being
called the “Wise Emperor”. However, I’m not interested in you... Looking at you,
I can only see a well-made doll.]

[?!]

[Alice! You said too much!]

Chris-san is stunned by her cold, sharp words, and I can’t help but raise my
voice and shout to Alice. I don’t know why Alice suddenly started saying such
things, but she’s obviously too different from the usual.

However, Alice doesn’t seem to be bothered by my shout, as she proceeds to place
a third knife on the desk before turning to me.

[Kaito-san is as kind as ever\~\~ That’s why I like Kaito-san so much, and I
want to listen to you as much as I can... Unfortunately, I can’t do that this
time... Right\~\~?!]

[?!]

After saying that, Alice swung her hand along the hilts of the lined up knives,
and the impact sent the three knives flying in the air. And then, Alice grabbed
them in the air... is what I thought, but the knives suddenly disappeared from
Alice’s hand and were stuck in two places on the wall and one of them on the
ceiling.

I have no idea when she threw those knives or how she did that, but she was
really quick.

In front of the speechless me, Alice told me in a cold voice.

[Even though they seemed to be friendly and inviting... “People who hide their
lurking soldiers with Recognition Inhibition Magic” couldn’t be trusted. Putting
aside if they were the Emperor’s hidden guards, what could your intentions be,
for them to be “monitoring Kaito-san” instead?]

[...Eh?]

[They were following us after we passed through the “gate”, weren’t they? Hey,
you three... Get the heck out of here. If you don’t... Those knives would hit
you next time, okay?]

[..........]

With the words Alice quietly said... As if to follow his words, the scenery on
the walls and the ceiling shook like static, and people dressed in all black
appeared. They were following us all the way from the castle gates? I see, so
that’s why Alice was silent ever since we entered the castle...

However, why didn’t I sense them? I should have been able to detect their
approach with my Sympathy Magic but...

[It’s not really Kaito-san’s fault. The clothes they are wearing are made of a
material that prevents magic power from leaking outside, so it’s no wonder you
don’t notice it.]

[...How did you notice them?]

The three black-clad men, whose presence has been discovered, quickly move
behind Chris-san, lining up in a row. Chris-san asks Alice with a look of
disbelief on his face, but Alice does answer and pulls on a thin thread. It was
apparently tied to the knives she threw, as the knives on the ceiling and one of
the knives on the walls quickly returned to Alice’s hand... but the other one
stuck in the wall didn’t come back, as if it was stuck deep.

[Arehh? I think I may have used a little bit more force\~\~ What a failure, this
is.]

Seeing that she couldn’t pull it off, Alice scratched her head with a wry smile
on her face, before she walked over to the knife stuck in the wall and tried to
pull it out.

[Arehh? It’s stuck?! I-I can’t pull it out... Fugyaaahhh?!]

[.........]

It seems to have been stuck in the wall deeper than she imagined, as Alice
pulled it with all her might... and fell on her ass.

How should I say this... She isn’t as tense being in the middle of a crucial
situation like this.

The moment I let out a sigh when I looked at Alice, who was acting as she
usually does compared to that chill I felt earlier, I heard a quiet mutter.

[...You just let your guard down, didn’t you?]

[ [ [ ?! ] ] ]

Alice, who should have been down on her buttocks, disappeared, and when I looked
back at the direction of the voice... Before I knew it, Alice was holding a
slender sword in her hand, which she held around the necks of the three men clad
in black.

[That’s no good, you should always be careful... You three would have died by
now, you know?]

[ [ [ .......... ] ] ]

With a voice lower than usual... Alice, who said those words that even gave me
chills, glanced at me.

[...I normally rarely do this\~\~ Only when the remuneration is good and I’m in
a good mood. The job of guarding a person, I mean...]

With a cold voice and her grip still on the sword, Alice slowly moved her gaze
to Chris-san and the surrounding knights.

[Well, I’ve earned lots of money from Kaito-san this time, and as a service...
I’ll be guarding Kaito-san while he’s in the Archlesia empire. So, I just want
to say a few words before your discussion.]

After muttering that, Alice turned towards the men clad in black. She usually
had a somewhat carefree impression, but now, coupled with her minimalistic opera
mask... She looked like an assassin.

[...If I see you lurking around Kaito-san again... I’ll kill you, okay?]

[ [ [ ......... ] ] ]

It was frightening how she naturally said that uncomfortable line. Those cold
words tells me the obvious, as if she has taken a number of lives until now...
The sound disappears from the surroundings and silence dominates the room.

[Or something like that\~\~!]

In the cold silence, Alice sounds like she lost interest and lowers the sword
she was holding up. Then, after putting away that sword somewhere... probably in
her magic box, she sits down in the seat beside me and slowly crosses her arms.

[And that’s why... I hope you would give us a fancy dinner—Ouch?!]

[.......]

[Why did you hit me, Kaito-san?!]

[No, it should be me who’s doing the tsukkomi instead... What’s with the
different attitude you had earlier?!]

I reflexively slammed my fist on Alice’s head as she instantly returned to her
usual tone, wondering what it was all about earlier.

[It can’t be helped! I get goosebumps when I’m in serious mode for long periods
of time, so I need to switch it up when needed!]

[...For a long time, you only did that for a few minutes...]

[No, no, I’d easily get tired after doing it for more than a minute. The muscles
in my face are going to be a mess. My whole body would break down. So,
Kaito-san, please give me a gentle massa—Gyyaaaahhh?!]

[..........]

[Eh? Play? With this kind of situation and you wanted that kind of play?! No,
well, I can handle a variety of situations, but I don’t like it painf—You did it
again?!]

It’s not really because of what happened earlier, no rather, I slammed my fist
on Alice’s head again because she began messing around again after that momentum
she had earlier.

However, on second thought, I may not know Alice very well. She’s an idiot, a
general store owner with no business acumen, but she knows lots of things, and
occasionally, it’s as if she’s a different person, saying sharp words to me. I
don’t know if I’m feeling weirded about it since I’ve lived a life away from
carnage... but in some ways, I feel like she’s different from the people I’ve
met before.

This girl—Who the heck is she?

After the incident with Alice, Chris-san deeply apologized to me. Apparently,
Chris-san didn’t have any intention of harming me, he was just being vigilant to
his own surroundings like usual. As a result, he apologized for acting in a way
that seems to test me, and despite his status as an Emperor, he apologized with
his hands on the ground. It’s not that he did any real harm, but even when I
told Chris-san that I forgave him right away... he still didn’t raise his head,
which honestly troubles me.

And now, Alice and I have been led to a different room than we were in
earlier...

[Whamf, omnom... Refiww pwease!]

[Can’t you be a bit more reserved?!]

For some reason, we were being treated to a lavish dinner. I wonder if Alice’s
actions earlier had something to do with it, but the large dining room really
only had a minimal number of servants compared to the reception room. I’m not
yet able to keep up with the situation, so I just called out to her.

[What are you saying, Kaito-san? This is just an appropriate remuneration! I
have every right to eat this dinner!]

[...Huh? W-What the heck are you...]

[Like I said\~\~ I went along with “His Majesty, the Emperor’s farce”, and moved
along with what he wanted...]

[Eh?]

I tilted my head, not understanding the meaning of the words Alice said, as if
it was the most obvious thing in the world, but Chris-san only nodded her head,
happily smiling.

[Yes, it’s as she says. I’m quite grateful to Alice-sama. Please eat as much as
you like.]

[Eh? Ehhh? C-Chris-san?!]

What the heck’s happening? I don’t know what the heck the two of them are
talking about. Seeing me tilting my head, Alice swallowed what she’s been eating
before turning towards me.

[Look, Kaito-san. I told you earlier,didn’t I? This person’s whole thought
process is for the good of their country and to make their country better...
There’s no way that someone like that would make risky choices to antagonize
Kaito-san.]

[...Errr.]

[That is to say, they set up those people acting covertly earlier “with the
intention of being found out” from the start. Putting aside if they’re around
when we just entered that reception room, there’s no reason for them to be
sneaking around back in the gates if it’s really as they said.]

[...Huh?]

Seriously, what does that mean?

Did he put those people in place under the assumption that we would find them
from the start? What the heck was it for anyway?

[It’s just my guess... but His Majesty, the Emperor themself wanted to treat
Kaito-san as a guest of honor from the beginning, to treat you courteously, and
also, to create an image for the nation that they should never be at odds with
you, right?]

[...Yeah, but...]

[There were some people who weren’t convinced... right?]

[That’s right.]

Alice’s words seemed to be true, as Chris-san nodded with a serious expression
on her face.

[Well, even though this is His Majesty, the Emperor’s nation, that doesn’t mean
that this nation is monolithic. From the perspective of His Majesty, the
Emperor, who has met Kaito-san and knows Underworld King-sama, Kaito-san isn’t
someone to be taken lightly... but among those idiotic nobles, there might be
some of them thinking that “Just because he got talked to by the affectionate
Underworld King-sama, this impertinent youngster is becoming arrogant”.]

[...You could seriously see everything huh.]

[Well, I could see things to a certain extent. And then, His Majesty, the
Emperor wanted to restrain those nobles from acting stupidly, making them think
that Kaito-san wasn’t someone they should antagonize, surpressing them from
moving. That’s why that image earlier was necessary?]

[That image?]

[...Me bowing to Miyama-sama and asking for your forgiveness. I have placed many
servants in the reception room to facilitate the spread of rumors... All I need
to do is to add a few words to the rumor and it will spread to the world that
“The Foolish Emperor trying to plot against Miyama-sama was discovered by him,
making him bend down on the ground and beg for forgiveness”. That would reduce
the number of people with foolish ideas and make it easier to keep them in
check, and it would also make it easier for me to stand on Miyama-sama’s side
and express my opinion.]

Adding to Alice’s words, Chris-san nonchalantly spoke about his plan as if it
were someone else’s business. Seeing Chris-san like that, Alice let out a big
sigh before she spoke again.

[...That’s why I don’t like this person... Depending on how things went, they
were even “going to get themself killed”.]

[What?!]

[.........]

Even though Alice words were quite shocking, Chris-san only smiled and didn’t
deny it at all.

[If I didn’t see through the covert movements they prepared, in the situation
that plan they had didn’t work... They would have harmed Kaito-san on their own
and show the country the folly of antagonizing you by having them, the Emperor,
killed by the Underworld King-sama, Death King-sama, or anyone around you,
right?]

[...Yes, it’s in the best interest for the Archlesia Empire to build a friendly
relationship with Miyama-sama without antagonizing him... And I’m willing to
give up my life to accomplish that. No matter what Alice-sama says, I am a tool
for my country. The national interest is far more important than my life.]

[..........]

A chill ran down my spine.

Serious eyes and a tone of voice that held no hesitation... He’s serious.
Chris-san is serious, and he’s willing to easily give his life if he thinks it’s
necessary for the sake of his country.

[See, it’s just as I said, right? He’s this kind of person... A doll that works
for his country.]

[Those words were a compliment to me instead. I’ve been thinking of about five
ways to convince the fools around me... Thanks to Alice-sama’s work earlier, I
think I’ll be able to easily hold them down. Once again, thank you.]

[Ahh\~\~ yes, yes.]

[..........]

What can I say, I was unintentionally overwhelmed.

He was prepared to sacrifice everything for his country, and his will remained
unshakeable even if his life was at stake... Is this the burden carried by a
king...?

As I was thinking that, Chris-san looks at me and slightly smiles, then he bows
his head again.

[However, this is just something I want to say, not as the Emperor, but as a
person... I’m sorry for using Miyama-sama to control our domestic affairs.
Please allow me to apologize once again.]

[Ah, no, that’s...]

[Whatever atonement I can do, I will do it. Please consider my honest
affirmations of all my intentions as my own form of sincerity. Therefore, I urge
you to continue to be friendly to the Archlesia Empire.]

[I-I understand.]

Seeing Chris-san’s resolve as an Emperor, I couldn’t say anything else. We
should be almost the same age, but I wonder if it’s because of our different
environments that allowed him to have such mature thoughts and actions...

[Now then, let’s stop with the stiff conversation. Miyama-sama, I’ll have a room
ready for you, so please stay the night today... Ah, please don’t worry. I’m not
plotting any other strange schemes anymore.]

[Ah, no, but that would worry Lilia-san...]

[I’ll send a hummingbird to Albert Duchy.]

[You don’t have to hold back, Kaito-san. Now, we could also have a fancy
breakfa—Ouch?!]

[You are too obedient to follow your desires.]

Mhmm, how should I say this... It’s like I’m completely following along
Chris-san’s pace, as he decided to have us extend our stay and stay the night
here. Then, Chris-san tells us that he still has some work left to do, so after
excusing himself and getting up from his seat and was about to head towards the
door... Though he approached my direction first, and quietly whispered.

[...There’s something I’d like to talk to you about personally later... No,
there’s some information I need you to hear. Please come to my room later.]

[...Understood.]

After quietly saying that, he began heading for the door again. And when
Chris-san reached the door, Alice opened her mouth.

[Ahh\~\~ His Majesty, the Emperor, do you have a moment?]

[What is it, Alice-sama?]

[This time, I decided that it would be more beneficial to Kaito-san if I went
along with your intentions, so I cooperated with you... But I’m not on your
side, I’m on Kaito-san’s side. In the future, if you try to use Kaito-san for
the sake of your country’s interest... Please be prepared for that.]

[...I’ll keep that in mind.]

After briefly replying to the words Alice told him, Chris-san left the room. How
should I say this... In the end, it almost feels like I was running around
Chris-san’s palm. Having a definite determination to carry his country behind
his shoulders, he would even use himself as a pawn in his own chessboard... It
seems that him being called as the Wise Emperor isn’t just for show.

---

[Milady, His Majesty, the Emperor Chris of the Archlesia Empire sent a
hummingbird!]

[...Huh?]

[According to what I heard, Miyama-sama is spending the night at his royal
castle... He wants you to rest assured that he will be treated with the utmost
courtesy as his state guest...]

[.........]

Hearing the words Lunamaria said, Lilia stiffened with a stunned expression on
her face. Thereupon, after being silent for a while, her hands and mouth
trembles as her voice that seems to resonate from the pits of hell resounded.

[...Luna.]

[Y-Yes.]

[...Explain to me... What the heck happened... For Kaito-san, who just went out
this morning, to suddenly become the state guest of the Archlesia Empire...?]

[...I-I don’t know...]

[Aaaaaaahhhhhhh! Geeeeeeeezzzz!!! Why doesn’t that man just go out like a normal
person and come back without anything happening?! Seriously, what the heck’s
happening?!]

Holding her head in her hands, tears appeared in her eyes as Lilia raised a
sorrowful cry.

[...Luna, wine... Bring me some wine.]

[Huh? Errr...]

[DO YOU THINK I CAN KEEP MY HEAD STRAIGHT IN THIS SITUATION WITHOUT DRINKING?!
KAITO-SAN... YOU IDIIIIIOOOOOOOTTTTT!!!]

---

Staying overnight at the royal castle, after taking a bath in the spacious and
luxurious bathroom... I was shown to a room so large that it seemed like it
really was for state guests. In addition to everything being luxurious, there is
a system where an exclusive maid would wait in front of the room to support you.
Naturally, the female Alice is in a separate room, and apparently, Bell has been
courteously given food... not, in fact, it seems that she originally slapped
away the knight who came to take care of her, so I had to go there and tell her
to listen to them.

And then, after spending some time in the room that was too large for me, I was
called out by Chris-san earlier, so I asked the maid to show me to his room and
we headed to Chris-san’s room. When we arrived at the room at the far end of the
large royal castle, the maid bowed and left, leaving me somewhat nervous as I
knocked on his door.

[Chris-san, it’s Miyama.]

[Ah, Miyama-sama, I’m sorry I’m now... Ah, no, please come in.]

[Unnn?]

I thought there was something out of place with the she spoke just now, but I
soon heard a click and the sound of a lock opening, and even though I’m feeling
a little doubtful, I opened the door. And when I entered, as I thought, there
was Chris-san inside.... but I didn’t expect to be in this kind of situation.

[...Wha?! Eh?]

[I’m sorry, Miyama-sama. I’m still “getting dressed” right now, so please have a
seat over there.]

Chris-san, who was inside the room, with her beautiful skin as white as white
porcelain jar exposed, was in the middle of working on the elegant cloth that
was covering her breasts. It was such a sensational scene that made me almost
stop thinking, and although it was no good, my gaze still went to her modest
bulges. Wait, stop right there?! Putting that aside...

[W-Wha... wait, eh? Y-You’re a woman?!]

[...Oya?]

Hearing the words I said, Chris-san had an astonished expression on his... her
face for a moment, before she puts her hand to her chin, as if she’s thinking
about something... No, please put that aside for now and get dressed already.
With that movement of hers, my thoughts finally came back to normal, and I
hurriedly left the room.

[I’m sorry?!]

I hurriedly left and closed the door, my breathing turned faster. My head is
filled with images of Chris’s body that I saw earlier, and I honestly can’t calm
down. I don’t know what’s a good way to say to her... Anyway, I need to
apologize to Chris-san, no wait a sec, okay? It was often written in light
novels, that the protagonist forgets to knock or check if there’s a person
inside, and when it happens, it’s called “Lucky Pervert”... However, I knocked
earlier, didn’t I? Yeah, I’m pretty sure I knocked, and I should have heard
Chris-san say it was okay to come in before I came into her room. So, how the
heck did I get into this situation?

[Miyama-sama.]

[Y-Yes?!]

[I’m already finished dressing, so please come in.]

[Ah, y-yes.]

Responding to the voice I heard again, my back unconsciously straightened, and
after taking a few deep breaths, I went inside again. Chris-san was wearing a
simple dress instead of the luxurious outfit befitting an emperor like the one I
had just seen her wearing, and the change in her clothing made her look quite
different. With the short haircut and her gender-neutral face, the first time we
met, I had misunderstood because she was wearing a man’s suit, but now that I
see her like this, she completely looks like a woman.

![Insert 2](../../_Images/v04/Insert2.jpg#.insert)

Looking back, Chris-san never said he was a man, and Alice said they were the
third child of the former emperor, but never did she refer to Chris-san as a
male, nor did she say she was a prince.

[Chris-san, I’m really sorry about what happened before.]

[Eh? Ahh, I don’t mind... Rather, I’m the one who said it’s alright to enter,
according to my “calculations”...]

[...Calculations?]

[Yes, it may have been a coincidence that Miyama-sama came just as I was
changing clothes... but I thought that if Miyama-sama gives in to his lust,
offering my body and earning your affection, we could build a beneficial
relationship from now on... However, it seems that it was a mistake since you
didn’t consider me as a woman right from the start.]

[.........]

That’s scary?! She just laid down a honey trap like that in that instant?!
I-It’s like she really thinks she’s just a tool to make her country better...
How should I say this, I really can’t let my guard down around her.

[As I thought, with my seedy body, you can’t see me that way huh?]

[N-No... Errr, it may not be credible for me to say this since I misunderstood
that you’re a man in the first place, but I think Chris-san is a very beautiful
person.]

[Thank you. As long as Miyama-sama tells good things about my country to the Six
Kings, I don’t mind if you do anything with my body, you know?]

[...N-No, I would have to refuse.]

[I was rejected huh, what a shame.]

Chris-san who had a wry smile on her face as she said that looks really
beautiful... but I felt like everything was in the palm of her hands, and it was
quite uncomfortable. Anyway, it’s bad to continue with this kind of
conversation, mainly because it’s too bad for my sense of reasoning, so I’ll
quickly change the subject.

[S-Speaking of which, you said you wanted to talk to me about something...]

[That’s right. Let’s save my seduction to Miyama-sama for another time, and head
straight to the real issue.]

[I’d appreciate it if we do that.]

[Fufufu.]

Yep, Chris-san is a frightening person, not in the sense of power, but in a
different meaning. How should I say this.... I feel a sense of dread that if I’m
not careful, I won’t be able to escape her grasp before I know it. After giving
a charming smile that seems to draw me in, Chris-san’s expression changes to a
serious one and she speaks.

[...The matter I would like to share with you, Miyama-sama... is that
information about Miyama-sama has been spreading lately.]

[Eh? Information about me?]

[Yes, though I say that, it isn’t very detailed, and you may as well call it as
your name being spoken in rumors... But it was spreading how there’s an
otherworlder favored by the Underworld King-sama, Death King-sama and World
King-sama.]

[...That is... It isn’t like I have become a little famous because of my victory
in the Sacred Tree Festival or anything like that?]

Judging from Chris-san’s facial expression though, I could see that it wasn’t
the case.

I feel like the conversation turned a little ominous.

[It’s just my personal opinion, but it’s probably not about that. It’s too early
for the participants of the Sacred Tree Festival to have spread word about your
achievements, and the information about you also isn’t specific enough for them
to be the ones spreading it.]

[.........]

[I don’t have any proof of this. However, I too, have lived through a whirlwind
of schemes when I was still inexperienced. That’s why, my intuition is telling
me... The spread of your information is “contrived”...]

[Does that mean... that there might be someone out there who is deliberately
spreading my information?]

[Yes... I don’t know their purpose, and it’s a mystery how they spread your
information so widely and quickly... but one thing I can say is that the value
of Miyama-sama’s existence is becoming known to those in this world.]

Chris-san told me quickly with a serious expression on her face. Someone is
spreading information about me to the world? What was that for? I don’t know,
and if even the smart Chris-san doesn’t know, then there may be no way I can
figure it out.

[It’s really only rumors at the moment. However, as time goes on... There might
be people who will start thinking stupid things. Please be very careful.]

[...Yes.]

After seeing me nod my head even as I’m feeling uncomfortable about it,
Chris-san breaks her serious expression with a smile.

[If it’s something I can do, I’ll cooperate as much as possible, and I’ll
probably be able to suppress some of the information that was spreading within
the country, while trying to find out the source. Ahh, if you’re fed up with the
Symphonia Kingdom, you’re welcome to stay here. I will welcome you with all my
heart, and I will pledge to protect you with my life, Miyama-sama.]

[...That’s also within your calculations, right?]

[Of course. Would you like to get married? Fortunately, I’m still unmarried...
That way, there won’t be too many people who would dare mess with Miyama-sama.]

[I would have to refuse.]

[Oya, I got rejected again. What a shame.]

I really can’t let my guard down around this person, but I guess that’s probably
why she’s the Emperor. However, at least she seems to have genuine feelings of
concern for me... even if that concern may also be under her concern. On one
hand, I feel like Chris-san is more favorable towards me compared to when I
first met her, but on the other hand, I also feel a sense of danger that I can’t
let my guard down around her even for a second... Well, this thought of mine
might be something Chris-san had already anticipated though...

---

The next day, I woke up feeling my body being slightly shaken.

[...Unnn?]

[Miyama-sama, good morning.]

[Uw—Mnghhh?!]

When I opened my eyes in a daze, I found myself in a dimly lit room... and an
unexpected Chris-san looking directly into my face. I was about to scream in
surprise, when Chris-san suddenly covered my mouth with her hand.

[Please, be quiet... My apologies for waking you up. There’s some extremely
important business I need to talk with you about, so won’t you come with me?]

[.........]

For a moment, I thought that this was just like yesterday’s honey trap, but
Chris-san’s expression was serious, and she really seemed to have something
important to do. When I nodded, Chris-san whispered “I’ll wait for you outside
the room, so please wear something you can wear outside”, before going out of
the room.

Turning on the light by touching the Illumination Magic Circle by my bedside, I
checked my pocket watch to see that it was 5 o’clock... It was really early in
the morning. I was confused by the fact that the Emperor of a country was coming
to visit me at this hour, but I just dressed up and met up with Chris-san
outside the kitchen.

As the cool morning breeze caressed my cheeks, the scenery drifted further and
further backwards.

[C-Chris-san? W-Where in the world are we going?]

[We will not be going very far. That aside, please hold on to me tightly. It
will be a disaster if you’re thrown off the horse.]

[E-Even if you that...]

I was currently riding a big black horse out of the capital with Chris-san. This
was my first time riding a horse, but I didn’t have the composure to enjoy it.
Chris-san and I were riding on a single horse that was rocking more than
expected. Moreover, I’ve got my hands around Chris-san’s waist, trying to keep
myself from getting shaken off the horse.

Was this scent perfume? A nice scent drifted with the wind, I could feel
softness and warmth from the hands around Chris-san’s waist. It made me very
conscious of the fact that Chris-san was a woman, and I, who wasn’t used to
being around women, felt extremely nervous.

[There’s a hill up ahead that has a nice view. Let’s go there.]

[Ah, yes...]

[I know you had a lot of thoughts in mind, but I’ll tell you about it when we
get there.]

Rather than me having a lot of thoughts in mind, it feels more like I’m
completely clueless about what’s going on. However, Chris-san seemed to be very
serious about this matter, so I didn’t interject.

As we rode like that for a little while, Chris-san and I arrived at a small
hill. When I got off the horse with Chris-san’s help and looked over the
cityscape of the capital of the Archlesia Empire from the hill, Chris-san took
off the reins of her horse a few distance away and came closer to me. The horse
seems to have been well trained, as it didn’t run off anywhere even after
Chris-san let it off its reins.

[What do you think of the Archlesia Empire’s cityscape?]

[...It’s amazing. It looks so elegant that it feels a little overwhelming.]

[Fufufu. As an Emperor, your words are more of a blessing than we deserve.]

Compared to the Symphonia Kingdom, the Archlesia Empire has less greenery, and
its cityscape has a more rugged impression. However, I feel that the streets
lined with tall buildings had a different quality from the Symphonia Kingdom.
After a few moments of not-so-uncomfortable silence and feeling the pleasant
breeze atop the hill, Chris-san turned to me and spoke with a serious expression
on her face.

[...Now then, let’s get down to business.]

[...Yes.]

As expected, even I could tell that Chris-san didn’t bring me here just to show
me this view. When she talks of business, I suppose that means what we’re going
to talk about from now on would be the reason why she brought me out here this
early in the morning.

Thereupon, Chris-san moved her gaze around us for some reason, as if she was
cautious of our surroundings, and told me in a hushed voice.

[...Remember last night when we talked about the rumors about Miyama-sama?]

[Y-Yes.]

[I said then that I didn’t know who was spreading the rumors and by what means
they were doing this, didn’t I?]

[...Yes.]

[I apologize, that was a “lie”.]

[...Eh?]

If I were to understand what her words meant, that means Chris-san knows who
spread the rumors about me... No, it may just be conjectures, but she at least
has someone in mind. But if that’s the case, why didn’t she just tell me that
yesterday? Was it something that requires us to move to a deserted place to talk
this early in the morning? As if to answer my question, Chris-san spoke in a
grave tone of voice.

[I don’t have any hard evidence, but I’m almost sure that it’s them. That’s also
the reason why I couldn’t say anything at that moment. I don’t know who may be
listening, and even if I knew, they’re someone I couldn’t do anything
against...]

[Someone you couldn’t do anything against? Eh? But Chris-san is the Emperor...]

[...The status of Emperor has no meaning before “that person”. I’ve also lived
in the swirling world of conspiracy right now... Not only have I tread upon the
world brimming in light, I’ve also had some understanding about that side of the
world, wrapped within the darkness. That’s why, I could tell. I’ll “never be
able to match” against that person. To me, that person is the most terrifying in
the world.]

[.........]

Emperor Chris-san, who is an excellent strategist that makes her known as the
Wise Emperor, says that she is absolutely no match against this person... I
wonder why? I’m starting to feel uneasy. It’s as if I’m standing before
darkness, unable to see anything, but I feel like someone is staring back at
me...

[...”Phantasmal King, No Face-sama”...]

[?!]

When I heard the name she quietly spoke, I was shocked, but I also somewhat
understood. No, I just had a slight hunch that perhaps, that being was related
to all of this matters.

[Phantasmal King-sama has an overwhelming number of followers... So to speak,
she’s this world’s “hidden ruler”. If it’s Phantasmal King-sama, it wouldn’t
have been difficult for them to spread information, even when blurring out the
details, in just a few days.]

[...I don’t really... know much about this Phantasmal King-sama... but is she
really that frightening of a person?]

Besides Chris-san, I’ve heard about the Phantasmal King from three other people:
Chronois-san, Lillywood-san, and Kuro.

Chronois-san said that “they’re a boisterous and irritating fellow that she
couldn’t understand”...

Lillywood-san warned me that “they’re a cold-hearted person who mercilessly
disposes of those who bring harm to the world”...

Kuro said that “they may have a dry sense of humor, it would be alright since
they’re an understanding person”...

And now, Chris-san is telling me that the Phantasmal King is the hidden ruler of
this world, and the most terrifying being of all.

The Phantasmal King is a person who had different impressions depending on who
said it, making it difficult for me to imagine her personality. It’s as if her
very existence is like a fog, uncertain and elusive. That’s why I wanted to hear
more about the Phantasmal King from Chris-san’s point of view. Hearing my words,
Chris-san nodded deeply once before she started calmly speaking.

[Phantasmal King-sama has the largest number of subordinates among the Six
Kings, and it’s said the number of subordinates they have “exceeds a billion”.]

[A billion?!]

An outrageous story suddenly popped out of nowhere. I don’t know the exact
population of this world, so I don’t fully understand how great that number
could be... but if that were to be compared with Earth, that would mean 10% of
the world’s population is their subordinate...

[Their vast number of subordinates are scattered all over the world, hiding in
all places. That’s exactly why there’s no place in this world that Phantasmal
King-sama couldn’t reach... Even Archlesia’s Imperial Castle probably has
several of their subordinates lurking within it.]

[H-How should I say this... That’s quite outrageous, doesn’t it?]

[Yes, and this is exactly what could be described as Phantasmal King-sama’s most
terrifying power.]

[That means?]

[People in power are more likely to know in their hearts how terrifying
Phantasmal King-sama is. The instant one makes an enemy of Phantasmal King-sama,
the trusted advisors you relied upon, the friends with whom you spoke honestly,
the lover or wife you exchanged love with... “might suddenly cut off your head”.
Phantasmal King-sama is a being authoritative enough to do just that.]

When I heard those words, I finally understood how terrifying the Phantasmal
King was. Phantasmal King’s subordinates look around every corner. The weight of
those words is exactly why she’s called the world’s hidden ruler...

They have all the information at their disposal, don’t do anything flashy and
work in the shadows. I see, so that’s why Chris-san brought me to a deserted
place like this...

[As for why did Phantasmal King-sama spread those rumors about Miyama-sama, that
is something I do not know. However, they aren’t the type of person to move
without reason... They must have some aim in mind. I ask you this again, please
be careful. If there’s anything I can do, I’ll do my best to help.]

[...Yes. Thank you very much.]

Will the Phantasmal King appear in front of me someday? What will I be able to
do when that happens? The being known as the Phantasmal King, lurking unseen,
and someone I do not know if they’re a friend or foe... Thinking about this
didn’t bring any answers to my mind though, only making me feel as if my anxiety
was growing.

[...By the way, Miyama-sama, there’s just one more thing, if you don’t mind?]

[Ah, yes.]

[I’m probably worrying unnecessarily but... I think “you shouldn’t get too close
to Alice-sama”.]

[...Eh? W-What do you mean?]

I didn’t immediately understand why Alice was brought up here. Alice is my dear
friend. She may be an idiot in a lot of ways, but she’s fun to talk to and kind
enough to care about me. I don’t know what she thinks of me... but I consider
her my close friend. And now, Chris-san is asking me to not get too close to
such an Alice? Why is she telling me that...

[She’s definitely “a person from the other side”. That demeanor, that
bloodlust... I don’t know if she’s a spy or an assassin, but her hands were
definitely stained with blood countless of times. It’s impossible for a human to
have that sense of intimidation without a lot of experience. I think she’s a
dangerous being.]

[..........]

[...I think she’s not someone you should get involved with...]

Hearing the words Chris-san told me, her serious expression looking at me, I
silently looked back at her for a moment before responding.

[...Chris-san. I understand that Chris-san is thinking of me, and that’s why you
said those things to me. I’m grateful for it. But even if that’s so, please
allow me to tell you this. Please don’t say bad things about my dear friend.]

I know Chris-san doesn’t intend to speak ill of Alice. She’s really only being
mindful of me. It’s just, unnn. I don’t really like it. How should I say this...
Hearing someone telling bad things about Alice... is something I dislike.

[I certainly don’t know much about Alice. She most probably has things she’s
hiding from me. However, I don’t think Alice is a bad person.]

When I first met her, I honestly thought she was a creepy fellow, and I even
felt that I didn’t want to get involved with her. However, that thought
naturally disappeared after meeting her a few times. Regardless of how our first
meeting started, for me, Alice is now my irreplaceable friend. She’s really
idiotic, gets carried away, and is a troubling person... but she’s fun to be
with, teaches me all kinds of things, occasionally cares about me... and often
laughs together with me.

[It’s true that Alice probably has another side to her that I don’t know about.
But I believe that... Alice isn’t a bad person at heart.]

[...She may betray you someday.]

[I don’t mind. I like Alice and I want to be with her, and I believe in her
because I want to believe in her. Even if she were to betray me, it’s definitely
because Alice had her own circumstances. That’s why, I won’t regret it.]

Yes. Even if Alice were to betray me someday, I won’t regret it. At least, I
don’t think Alice would betray me for no reason at all. That’s why, even if she
had betrayed me, it should have been for a reason that Alice couldn’t give up...
and that is something that couldn’t be helped. Well, of course it’s best if she
doesn’t betray me.

[...I see. It seems I truly was worrying unnecessarily. My apologies.]

[No, it’s just, I’m glad that you’re concerned about me in so many ways.]

[Please don’t worry about it... This is also for my own self-interest that “by
caring after Miyama-sama like this, with Miyama-sama’s personality, you won’t
let this go unnoticed”.]

[A-Ahaha...]

This woman really is scary! I feel like before I knew it, I’m dancing in the
palm of her hands.

[Now then, how about we go back? We have breakfast prepared for you.]

[Ah, yes. Ummm, Chris-san.]

[What is it?]

[Thank you very much.]

[...No, please don’t worry about it.]

I’m sure she was being honest about her actions being for her self-interest, but
I don’t think that’s all there is to it. When I thanked her, Chris-san looked
baffled for a moment. A few moments later though, she smiled not with the
graceful one a noble would have, but with a soft, natural smile.

Returning back to the castle, when I went to the dining room to have breakfast,
what awaited me was Alice, who seemed to be sulking.

[Geez, where did you go, Kaito-san?]

[Ah, no, I woke up a little early, so I went for a walk...]

There’s no way I could tell her about the things Chris-san went to the trouble
of telling me in private, so I gave her a suitably evasive response.

[You should’ve invited me... Do you know how I felt when I went to invite
Kaito-san over for breakfast, and you weren’t there? Even when I declared “I’ll
be guarding Kaito-san” with such a cool expression on my face, I lost sight of
you after a night’s sleep... I’m a complete buffoon. A transcendentally
beautiful clown!]

Putting aside her brazen self-assessment for the moment, I didn’t expect Alice
to be up early... Have I caused her to worry?

[I was so worried about Kaito-san that I couldn’t even finish my breakfast...
Ah, seconds please! And a lot of those eggs!]

[No, you’ve been making a pile of dishes even before I arrived...]

[Please don’t worry. I could still go for “12 more plates”!]

[...Where the heck are you stuffing all that food inside that body...]

It was also the case with last night’s dinner, but Alice really eats an absurd
amount of food. It’s at least several dozen times more than I do... With such a
petite body, I wonder how she can eat so much food?

[Please don’t look down on me! At my level, “the food I eat is converted into
magic power as soon as it enters”, allowing me to continue eating indefinitely!]

[What the heck is with that useless super technique?!]

An ability to convert the food she eats into magic power. I understand that it’s
a great technique, but if I were to be asked if I feel envious about it, I’m not
so sure what to say. Looking at Alice carrying all those extravagant meals to
her without a single reservation, I spoke with a wry smile on my face.

[Speaking of which, Alice.]

[Unnn? What’s up?]

[Even though we came all the way to the capital of Archlesia Empire, all we’ve
done is go to the Monster Race, so why don’t we go sightseeing before we head
back?]

[Ohhh, that sounds great! In the Archlesia Empire, there’s fine cuisine that
Symphonia Kingdom doesn’t have... Please treat me!]

When I suggested it, Alice agreed with a bright smile on her face. She did add
some unnecessary words...

[...You made a lot of money yesterday, didn’t you?]

[Food eaten with other people’s money is the tastiest!]

[You really have quite a good personality, aren’t you...]

However, as I thought... Unnn. I don’t think she’s a bad person. The time I
spent with Alice really is kinda fun. If only Alice thinks of me as a friend,
just as I consider her as one... I would be happy.

[Kaito-san? What’s the matter?]

[Ah, no... You’ve been eating too much. Don’t you know the word “restrain”?]

[Me no understanding otherworld langua—Ouch?!]

Good grief, she really is one troubling fellow...

After finishing breakfast, I asked Chri-san to look after Bell, while Alice and
I went sightseeing in the capital city...

[Fumu, I see... Seconds please.]

[You ate all that food, and now you’re eating again?]

[No, no, Kaito-san. Food is vital for humans, you know? Look, isn’t it said that
a human’s necessities consist of “clothing, food, food, and food”?]

[No one does! Heck, where the heck did the “shelter” go?! Also, there’s too much
food!]

Looking at Alice as she puffed out her small chest while holding what looked
like meat skewers, trying to make a strong argument, I felt a slight desire to
strangle her. No, I mean, those skewers, they were definitely bought with my
money.

[Please think about it. Going to different places and eating the food over
there, isn’t that the best part of traveling?]

[I don’t know where you got that idea from... but if you want to say things like
that, buy it with your own money.]

[I see, I understand Kaito-san’s point. Mhmm, that should be the local
specialty... Kaito-san! Let’s go to that stall next! Please buy some for me!]

[You hecking understood nothing!]

Lining up on a stall is fine and all that, but can’t this idiot cut all the
ruckus out and restrain herself? Is that impossible? Guess it’s impossible
huh...

[Excuse me! I’d like three of each kind please!]

[You’re getting too excited—Hey, oi! The heck is that in your right hand?! Isn’t
that my wallet?! Since when did you have that?!]

[Oya? How mysterious. It’s just suddenly in my hand—Migyaaahhh?!]

I was really surprised back then, but I will not be negligent anymore. Well,
this is probably just one of her usual jokes, and I’m sure she brought it out in
a way that I could see it in her hand but...

[Skewers confiscated!]

[Ahhh?! My meat!]

Confiscating the meat skewers from the hand of Alice, who was getting carried
away, I brought it to my mouth. Ahh, this is delicious. Were these charcoal
grilled? They smell really good.

[That’s cruel, Kaito-san! That’s too much! Even though I was saving them for
last...]

[W-Well, there are still plenty of other food stalls here.]

[I can eat as much as I want huh?! Thank you very much!]

[...I didn’t say that.]

It’s just my hunch, but I think Alice is more excited than usual. How should I
say this... I don’t know if she was in a good mood or not, but her excitement
has gone up, and so has her annoyingness. Well, even so, it’s strange that I
can’t hate her at all. Or perhaps, I may have just been thinking that this isn’t
bad at all.

[Kaito-san, come on! Please hurry up!]

[It’s not like the stalls would run away, you know?]

[No, no, please think about it carefully. If you have a situation where 50
servings worth of food and another where you have 100 servings worth of food,
you’ll be to eat more in the latter situation!]

[...No, people normally don’t eat that much food. Rather, I’m not going to treat
you with that ridiculous amount of food.]

[Whoa there, for me to have found a wild Kaito-san’s wallet on the roadside?!]

[Huh? Hey, you! Wait right there, Alice!]

That bastard, she pickpocketed me undetected. This is just a wasteful use of her
abilities. Hearing my words though, Alice just gave me a teasing smile, before
scampering towards a food stall. The fact that she’s moving at a speed that I
can see means that she’s properly holding herself back.

[I’m not an idiot who waits just because she gets told to\~\~]

[Ahh, the restaurant over there looked like they’re selling tasty stuff.]

[Seriously?! That shop is... ahh.]

[It seems like you’re an idiot who returns when you’re called huh...]

I’m sure her being caught in my trap was also part of Alice’s joke.

...That said, whether or not I’d forgive her is another matter.

[M-My ears?! Ouuuuuuuch! Wait! Please wait, Kaito-san! Ears aren’t designed to
be pulled like that! Look, it’s the cute Alice-chan, you know? Can you be a bit
gentler—Why are you pulling even stronger?! Stop! You’ll tear my ear off!]

[...Good grief.]

Well, this fellow really is annoying. Unnn, that’s right. I’m angry right now.
That’s why, there isn’t a smile or anything like that on my face, and I don’t
think of this frolicking idiot as cute.

After the scolding is over there, I suppose it would be alright if I treat her
to something tasty...
