---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 4: The War King's Invasion, the Phantasmal King's Secret Maneuvers

The 15th day of the Water month. Bell, who has been allowed to live in
Lilia-san’s mansion, has gotten used to her life, and has become quite friendly
with the servants. And now, I’m headed to Alice’s miscellaneous goods store,
where I’ve been going more and more lately. Normally, one would think that
having won so much money before, I wouldn’t have to worry about her for the time
being but... it’s Alice we’re talking about here. If I took my eyes off her for
a second, before I knew it, she would probably have gambled all her money, and
I’m afraid something may have happened to her.

Continuing down the street, when I get down to a slightly larger street, a
strange feeling of discomfort appears. It’s like I walked through a thin
membrane... It’s hard to explain, but that’s the feeling I got. Tilting my head
and moving my gaze to the surroundings, I found nothing in particular and the
road was quiet, so I decided to proceed walking despite the feeling of
discomfort. It’s not long before I came to the street where Alice’s general
store is... and the sense of discomfort became more intense.

...I didn’t pass anyone. At this time of the day, on this street?

Even though this path is a side street, this area would normally be bustling
with people setting up shops. It was clearly unusual how there was no one in
this place. Come to think of it, I think something like this happened when I
first met Fate-san.

As I looked around, feeling uneasy, I saw three shadows approaching from the
direction I’m walking to... around the end of the road. A woman with long red
hair and a large spear that surpasses her height, and a woman with a face
exactly like the other woman, except for her short hair and huge shield... Are
they twins? There’s also a blue-haired man with a sword that resembles a
Japanese katana behind them... I have a really bad feeling about them. My
Sympathy Magic is telling me their emotions... This sickening feeling of
hostility being directed at me.

The three of them walk up to me and after stopping a few meters away from me,
the twins step forward.

[The name’s Eta.]

[The name’s Theta.]

[ [ We’re the envoys of the War King, Megiddo-sama. ] ]

[?!]

The woman with the big spear called herself Eta, while the woman with the big
shield called herself Theta. War King’s envoys? Does that mean these three are
Demons? I wonder why, I just have a bad feeling around them... At least it
doesn’t sound good, considering what I’ve heard so far about the War King.

[Megiddo-sama has decreed that he will see you.]

[You will have to follow us.]

[.........]

I knew it was that kind of talk... I’m pretty sure Kuro had said that the War
King wasn’t someone I could talk to very well. Feeling the cold sweat running
down my back, I quietly sent a question to the twin women.

[...What if I say I don’t want to?]

[Don’t get us wrong.]

[Your opinions... aren’t something we need!]

[Wha?!]

As soon as she said it, the woman with the large spear at the ready... Eta
approaches me in a straight line and thrusts her huge spear. It’s a fast and
sharp thrust, a blow that I can’t dodge, but before it can reach me... the
shadow of a person flew out from behind me.

[...?!]

[Sieg-san?!]

To be honest, I didn’t immediately understand what was going on. I didn’t know
what Sieg-san was here, nor did I even catch the moment that the big spear and
her twin swords intersected. The only thing I could clearly understand was that
with that loud sound, Sieg-san’s twin swords shattered and her body was slammed
into a nearby wall.

Seeing this unbelievable scene, I immediately ran to the fallen Sieg-san’s side.
Sieg-san seems to have sustained quite a lot of damage, and while shaking her
body, she looks at me, moving her mouth only to say “run away”. I didn’t fully
understand how tremendous that strike of the woman with the big spear... Eta is,
but the area near the roof of the building that Sieg-san had burst a hole in was
around a meter of radius.

[...Hooohhh, how surprising, for you to have such splendid ability. At the
moment of the intersection, you saw that it was impossible to offset it and
deflected that blow instead...]

I thought I heard Theta’s mutter very clearly. Sieg-san told me to run away, but
perhaps... No, it’s definitely not possible for me to escape from Theta and the
others. The only combat magic I can use is Auto-Counter, but that magic doesn’t
really increase my power levels. I can’t avoid an attack I can’t even see, and
of course, it would be impossible to escape from someone moving that fast.

I feel anger boiling within my guts for having Sieg-san get hurt... but there’s
nothing I can do. Realizing my own helplessness, I stand in front of Sieg-san to
protect her. I’m the one they’re after... I don’t think I can talk to someone
who suddenly attacks me, but I can’t afford to let Sieg-san get hurt any
further.

...So I’ll just have to go along with them...

[Theta, what do you think?]

[We just have to make sure he’s alive. Let’s cut off his limbs so that he can’t
escape.]

[Yeah, let’s do that.]

With the girl with the big shield... Theta’s words, Eta holds her spear towards
me again. That attack’s coming again... But for some reason, at the moment when
that spear would lunge again, Eta and Theta leaped backwards, and immediately
afterwards, three sharp lines appeared at the ground they were standing at just
a moment ago.

[Who the heck are you?!]

[...You’re going to hurt Master? That means... You’re asking to be torn apart!!]

Along with the sound of heavy footsteps echoing through the air, a familiar
figure clad in military-style uniform stood in front of me, her black fur cloak
flapping with the wind.

[Anima?!]

[I’m sorry I’m late! This unworthy Anima, finished her duty and returned!]

It was Anima, who I had asked to join Rigforeshia’s guard unit and was
temporarily separated from me.

[Anima... We still haven’t arranged to pick you up yet, so how did you get
here?]

[Hahh! Just the other day, they finished reorganizing the guard force, so I
immediately “ran” to Master’s side!]

You ran?! From Rigforeshia to here?! There should have been three mountains
around that area though...

[...I-I see.]

While I’m surprised by Anima’s outrageous statement, Eta and Theta look at Anima
with a slightly sharper expression than before.

[A Beastman? Eta, this one’s... strong.]

[Yeah, I could see that. However, I don’t see a problem with the two of us
fighting her alone—What?!]

Even with Anima as their opponent, Eta and Theta had a somewhat carefree
expression on their faces, as if they knew they would win with the two of them
against one. However, their expressions drastically changed when they saw huge
flames attack them immediately afterwards, and they quickly split off to the
left and right, avoiding the flames’ reach.

Those flames that flew from behind me... There’s only one person behind me right
now, so the one who released them is definitely...

[...Looking back to it, it was quite foolish of me to fuss about it. However,
why can’t I just throw it away?]

[Eh?]

It was a dignified, yet somehow, a gentle and warm voice. I heard footsteps and
a shadow quietly stood in front of me. Her short hair grew to her shoulders and
the atmosphere she had around her was somewhat different, but there’s no way I
could mistake the appearance of her back for anyone else. The swords with only
hilts left in her hands have flickering crimson flames that held the shape of
the blades, and in the light of that flame, even her red hair seems to sway like
raging flames.

[However, if it’s to protect you... I will throw away this foolish obsessiveness
I’ve been holding onto for so long.]

[...Sieg...-san? Could it be...]

[Yes. I used the Fruit of the World Tree.]

After Sieg-san told me with her beautiful voice, she looked straight at Eta and
Theta. Sieg-san’s change wasn’t only that her hair grew back and her voice
returned, the magic power she was clad in was also... clearly larger. No, rather
than saying it had become larger... it would probably be more accurate to
express it as it had returned to how it originally is.

Sieg-san then walked up to Anima’s side, holding her twin swords made of fire.

[...I will also be fighting with you. You also probably aren’t in your tip-top
shape. Moreover, the person we want to protect, the person we must protect... is
the same.]

[You... What did you say your name was?]

[Sieglinde.]

[...I see... Sieglinde-dono, thank you for your help! Let’s fight together!]

[Yes!]

![Insert 4](../../_Images/v04/Insert4.jpg#.insert)

---

After the calm before the storm passes, each of the confronting people began to
move. The first one to move, Anima, dashes and closes in on Eta and Theta, who
scattered to the left and right, in which she opted to attack the big
shield-wielding Theta who was nearby.

Anima has combat power comparable to that of a Viscount-rank Demon, and although
she’s currently quite fatigued because she’s been running tirelessly, she still
has a head start in the group. In response to Anima who had her fists raised
while fiercely running to her, Theta held her ground and held up her large
shield against Anima.

Anima slams her fist into the shield held up like a wall in front of her without
hesitation. The strike of the former Black Bear and she who holds overwhelming
strength, Anima, managed to push Theta away even when her attack was blocked
with her shield but... the one who got knocked down on her knee is Anima.

[Anima?!]

[...That was?]

Kaito looked flustered as he called out her name, but Anima just stayed on her
knees with a puzzled expression on her face.

[...How does it feel to receive your own attack?]

[My own attack, you say?]

[Yes, my shield will return the same impact to my opponent that it receives.]

[...I see, that impact just now was Reflection Magic huh...]

It seems that Theta is proficient in Defensive Magic, and her main method of
attack was Counters. For Anima, who mainly uses close-range physical attacks,
she was truly the worst enemy she could have met.

[...You are indeed strong. I think your offensive and defensive abilities are
far superior to mine, My attacks may not be able to do any damage. However, it’s
different if it’s your own attack...]

[..........]

[You think you can just get around and go through the shield quickly?]

[?!]

[It’s no use. You’re slow, I’m faster than you... and there would be no way you
can get around my shield. And looking at you, you don’t seem to be very good at
magic... You have no way of getting through my defense.]

[.........]

While Theta indifferently said that with a composed expression on her face,
Anima’s face lowers slightly while she’s kneeling down. She understands the
hopelessness of her situation... is what Theta thought but contrary to that,
Anima’s mouth had a vicious smile on it.

[Fu-Fufufu... Ha-Hahaha!]

[Wha?!]

Anima gets up laughing and slams her fist into Theta’s large shield without any
hesitation at all. Naturally, an impact with the same strength she used returned
back to her and damaged her, but Anima swung her fist again, as if she doesn’t
care about it at all.

[Go around? Slip through your guard? Stop speaking stupid things!]

[Huh?! ... Are you an idiot? No matter how much you attack, it’s useless. The
strength of my shield is...]

[I don’t care!!!]

[Guhh, uhhh... This brute strength...]

Unleashing heavy blows, the impact of Anima’s fists continuously swung and
pushed Theta backwards.

[Unfortunately, I don’t know how to fight other than smashing things apart!]

[Aghhhh?!]

[Return the same impact as it has received? In other words, “it doesn’t
invalidate my attacks”, right? Then, I’ll just strike until it shatters!!!]

The fists that Anima swings slammed deeper and heavier with each blow, gaining
more power with each succeeding strikes. The impact was so great that the shield
finally began to scream and small cracks began to appear. The returned impact
also accumulated, and blood was flowing from Anima’s mouth... But instead of
loosening up, her fists didn’t loosen up and become more and more severe.

[What the heck is with this person... She’s too much of an idiot. As if, she’s
just, a wild beast... Guhhh?!]

[Oraaaaaa!!!]

[Hiiihhhhh?!]

Roaring like a fierce beast, Anima slammed her heaviest, sharpest fist ever
struck... and finally, the big shield shatters. While Theta’s eyes widen in
astonishment, Anima reaches out without stopping at all and grabs Theta’s
collars.

[Guhhh... W-What is with her brute strength... She didn’t even twitch...]

[Graaaaahhhh!!!]

[Gaahhh?! Fuhhh?!]

After easily lifting Theta with one hand, Anima slams her to the ground. With
the tremendous impact she felt from her back, Theta had an expression of anguish
on her face, and before long, it gradually turned into one of fear.

[...A-Ahh...]

Sharp eyes looking down on her. The moment she saw them, Theta completely
understood.

This beast isn’t going to loosen up on her at all... She would just swing her
fist without any hesitation until she was unable to fight herself...

It was exactly the despair she had been trying to inflict on Anima earlier.
There was no longer any way to escape. What’s in front of her is a predator, and
she’s just a prey... The moment she realized that fear, the ferocious beast
swung its fist down.

[Damn you! Stop moving around!]

At the same time as the battle between Anima and Theta, Eta and Sieglinde were
also engaged in a fierce battle. Contrary to the battle between Anima and Theta,
it was Eta who overwhelmingly surpassed the other in terms of physical ability,
and the powerful attacks released from the large spear were so powerful they
could render Sieglinde unable to fight with a single blow. However, among those
powerful attacks... not a single strike reached Sieglinde.

[It’s like you’re a different person than the one I clashed with in the first
attack, you’ve been hiding your power huh!]

[I wasn’t hiding it. I lost it.]

Sieglinde quietly said white catching the large spear swung to the side lull
with her twin swords held upwards.

[Lili... I have hidden it to my friends, but my body was more battered than it
looked. The most serious injury I received was in my throat, but the rest of my
body was torn up too... Up until now, even in normal times, I had been able to
deceive them by using Body Enhancing Magic even in times of peace. It really is
as the rumors say... No, it’s even better than what the rumors say. My whole
body truly is completely healed... Thanks to this, it’s like I’m now in my
prime, no, even better than my prime. I’m grateful that my body works the way I
imagine it does in my head.]

[Don’t make light of me!]

Her fast thrusts released in frustration were easily swept away and deflected to
Sieglinde’s left. There has been a repetition of this for a while now. Thrusts,
cleaves, swings... Eta unleashed a variety of attacks, but Sieglinde just warded
all of them off.

[Why?! Why won’t it hit?! I have far more power and speed...]

[However... You’re unskillful.]

[Wha?!]

[You’re certainly much more physically gifted than I am. However, you became
conceited with that gift of yours and poorly honed your attacks. With that skill
of yours... your blade can’t reach me!]

[Kuhh?!]

Yes, the current situation was due to that one point. Although Eta is
overwhelmingly superior in terms of physical ability, Sieglinde is far superior
in terms of skill. Honed and polished over a long period of time in actual
combat, her technique that can be described as graceful and refined, comes from
an overwhelming amount of training and experience... Sieglinde has far
overwhelmed her in terms of skill.

[Indeed... I must admit that your skills are impressive. However, you’ll never
defeat me just by simply warding off my attacks. In the first place, your
attacks can’t even deal any damage to me...]

[Ten and eight... It’s about time huh.]

[What?]

Eta understood that Sieglinde’s skills far surpassed her own. However, if Eta
outperforms her physically and moves the battle into a fight of endurance where
no decisive strikes will be dealt with, she will definitely win. Just as Eta was
thinking about that and telling her opponent about it, Sieglinde swung her sword
sharply for the first time at the spear held by Eta.

[Wha?! T-This is impossible?!]

Be that as it may, she just used enough power to catch the strike. That’s also
what Eta thought, as she tried to catch her sword with her big spear, but when
the flaming sword Sieglinde wielded struck the big spear... The big spear
shattered into pieces.

[...W-What in the world just happened...]

[It’s a good spear, isn’t it? Even though I’ve already piled up 10 stacks, it
just barely broke to pieces.]

[I’m fucking asking you what happened?!]

In response to Eta who completely lost her composure and shouted such, Sieglinde
calmly answered.

[...Ever since I realized how powerless I was, I’ve sealed the magic I was best
at in order to learn.]

[...Your specialty is magic?]

Sieglinde calmly tells Eta, who completely lost her composure and shouted. Yes,
Sieglinde had once dared not to fight the way she did best since the attack on
the Second Division... to become stronger. But now, she was in a situation where
the safety of someone dear to her was at stake, and she would use everything she
could for his sake.

[The magic I am most skilled at is “Endowment Magic”... Everytime I warded off
your attacks, I used a spell that increases the impact your spear receives, and
I had just invoked it.]

[...?! Fuck?!]

[...If you see that you’re at a disadvantage, you should take a step back... It
may be the basics, but it’s exactly because it’s the basics, that’s why you
should have thought that I could predict what you’ll do.]

[Wha?!]

Seeing that she’s at a disadvantage, Eta quickly leapt away and tried to get
away from Sieglinde. However, Sieglinde seemed to have predicted she would do
that and threw one of her twin swords at the fleeing Eta.

[8-fold Acceleration Endowment... Activate!]

[Wha?!]

The flaming sword that flew from Sieglinde’s hand rapidly accelerated in the
air, turning into a red flash that pierced Eta.

[I missed the vital point... With your strength, it won’t kill you.]

After muttering that, Sieg swung her other flaming sword and extinguished the
flames that had replaced its blade. In Eta and Sieglinde’s battle... It only
ended with one conclusion, with Sieglinde, who is inferior in physical
abilities, winning unscathed.

---

Honestly, I could hardly see what happened... but when I saw Eta falling to the
ground and Theta who was slumping towards the ground, all I could see clearly
was that Sieg-san and Anima had won.

[W-Wait?! Anima, stop! Stop already!!!]

I hurriedly stopped Anima, who was about to continue slamming her fist into
Theta, who has already lost consciousness. As for Theta, she already looks
really miserable... Arehh? Is she still alive?

Anima stops her fist following my instructions and walks up to me along with
Sieg-san... before taking up their stances again. Neither of them have relaxed
their vigilance at all... So it’s probably because there’s still the blue-haired
man left. In the end, even after Eta and Theta were defeated, that guy didn’t
interfere at all...

[...Good gracious, I watched in silence as Bacchus-sama insisted on giving
experience to the underlings but... what a pathetic display it was.]

The blue-haired man, who has been silent all this time, turns his sharp gaze
towards me after muttering that as if he’s about to throw up.

[To tarnish War King-sama’s name... It can’t be helped. I guess I’ll have to
clean up for these fools...]

Saying that, the blue-haired man takes a step forward, slowly looking towards us
before opening his mouth.

[My name is Sigma... A “Baron-level, High-ranking Demon.”]

[ [ [ ?! ] ] ]

I had expected it, but when I heard the words “Baron-level, High-ranking Demon”,
I was shocked. It would be bad if they were to fight a powerful demon now...
Anima has injuries all over her body, and Sieg-san may look composed, I could
see her shoulder going up and down, showing her fatigue. It’s not that Eta and
Theta weren’t weak by any means either, as even though they were quickly
settled, I don’t think they’re in very good shape.

Feeling the cold sweat running down my back again, Sigma drops down his back and
takes an iaido-like stance.

[I hope your head doesn’t get bigger just because you defeated those fools
fumbling around on the ground. After all, those two are just underlings...
They’re not even a bit close to my power...]

[.........]

[Now then, enough talk... Here I go!]

[Stop~~ right there~~! That’s enough!]

[...Eh?]

Just as Sigma was about to dash our way... In that evidently explosive
situation, a completely out-of-place voice resounded around us. As if led by
that voice, I moved my gaze to a nearby building...

[**The heavens call! The earth cries out! The crowds roar! All calling on me to
protect my regulars!** Touuu!!!]

[.........]

The strange object that jumps off the roof and lands in front of us looks very
familiar.

[**Envoy of love and justice! The Helping Beauty Riddled in Mystery! Lovely
Magical Girl! Alice-chan has arrived!**]

[.........]

Schwingg~~ The stuffed cat made a pose... There’s only one such bizarre person I
know.

This is, how should I say this...

[...I’d like a change.]

[There’s no change, you know?! No returning of goods! Nor is there a cooldown
time for you to get any change!]

...It’s the merchant unreasonably filled with vices.

After the attack by the War King’s envoys that suddenly appeared, Sieg and Anima
defeated Eta and Theta, and Sigma, a Baron-level high-ranked Demon, started to
broke his silence.

And then, the ultimate idiot appeared as our help and stopped him. Is there any
other helper out there who could help me instead...

[Isn’t your treatment of me too bad?!]

Don’t send tsukkomis to my inner monologue, idiot...

Anyway, I’m grateful that Alice came to our rescue. It’s only my guess based on
her actions so far, but I think she’s pretty strong.

[Now then, now then, where’s Kaito-san’s enemy?]

[You don’t even know what’s going on here?!]

[No, I don’t~~ To be honest, I was already over there waiting “when the furry
made her entrance”... But when I was thinking of a cool way to make my entrance,
I was surprised to see the whole situation change!]

[..........]

I don’t know if we can really rely on this woman...

Still in her stuffed costume, Alice looked around and when she noticed Sigma’s
presence, she tilted her head... no, she tilted her whole body.

[...Kaito-san, isn’t that a High-ranked Demon?]

[He’s apparently a Baron-level high-ranked Demon...]

[Ah, is that so? A Baron-level huh, then I’m relieved.]

[...The clown over there, what the heck are you trying to say...]

Hearing Alice’s words she said in a dopey tone while popping her stuffed
costume’s large hands together, Sigma’s expression changes to one of clear
displeasure.

I mean, Alice, he just met you and he immediately calls you a clown...

[No, look, a high-ranked Demon about the Count-ranked would really be
monsters... So it would be a tough fight~~~ is what I thought... but I’m glad
that I’m just fighting a “weakling”.]

[...You... Are you mocking me?]

Hearing Alice’s carefree words, a vein popped out on Sigma’s forehead. Even so,
he still doesn’t immediately slash our way, is it because of his pride as a
warrior, or is it because Alice isn’t in any stance yet?

Against such a Sigma, Alice leisurely turned around and took a step forward...
and crumbled on her knees.

[Guhhh...]

[Alice?!]

What?! Did something happen?! I can’t really see any of their attacks, so I
wouldn’t know if he attacked already...

[W-Why are my old wounds, at a time like this...]

[Old wounds?]

I thought she had been hit by an invisible, swift attack, but apparently, that’s
not the case. Still lying on the ground, Alice puts her hand out to the size and
makes a sphere the size of a baseball appear.

[A-At a time like this... if only I could have “sold this Newest Portable
Illumination Magic Tool for 1000R”, I could easily defeat that guy...]

[.........]

[Shit, I can’t believe I had to watch you get beaten up, Kaito-san!]

...This girl. She knows exactly what was going on, but she’s still messing
around. I silently approached Alice, took the magic tool from her hand and
placed a silver coin in its stead. Thereupon, Alice stood up as if nothing had
happened.

[I won’t allow you to hurt Kaito-san, even if the Gods themselves allow it, I
won’t allow it! Come at me, you servant!!!]

[.........]

Arehh? Alice came here to rescue me, right? But what is this, this budding
feeling of mine... This feeling of wanting to smack her in the head with all my
might...

[Are you finished with your farce? Well then... die!]

[Wha?!]

At that moment, Sigma had already approached right in front of Alice in an
instant. Thereupon, a high-speed strike released from his iaido stance cut
Alice’s body in half diagonally from below.

[Alice?!]

[Aliiicccceeee!!!]

[...Unnn?]

Seeing that, I reflexively shouted, but for some reason, another voice shouted
along from beside me as well.

[How could this be, for that Alice to be easily defeated... This is the
appearance of an incredibly powerful enemy! Kaito-sa—Ouch?!]

[...What the heck are you doing there...]

Before I knew it, Alice had taken off her costume and was beside me in her opera
mask, messing around as if it’s obvious, so I struck my fist on her head. Alice
rubbed her head and opened her mouth in a somewhat dumbfounded manner.

[But~~ That guy was so slow... I was bored of waiting until he finally came over
here, so I went around and joined the spectator’s side for a bit.]

[...I’m slow? Now you said it, clown.]

[That’s right~~ I’m a clown after all, and I can’t get excited without any
fanfares.]

While muttering to Sigma, who has clearly become more irritated and regained his
stance, Alice takes out a pocket watch from her pocket while still looking
carefree.

[Three... Two...]

[You, what in the world are you—Wha?!]

Immediately after Sigma dubiously looked at her bizarre action, the remnants of
the stuffed costume lying at Sigma’s feet flashed with light.

[One... Boom.]

[?!]

Thereupon, after a thunderous sound resounded, a flash of light engulfed Sigma’s
body.

---

[Fucking clown! You and your little tricks!]

Sigma shouts evasively as he dispels the smoke caused by the explosion. And
then, a few knives come flying in his direction, cleaving through the smoke.

[Tsk!]

However, Sigma is a Baron-ranked Demon, quickly knocking away the knives that
flew at him. A moment after he was about to move away from the smoke, knocking
away all the knives sent his way, Sigma heard a small wind noise and moved his
sword on the back of his head.

[Oya? I was blocked huh.]

[...Don’t look down on me.]

Sigma moves away from the smoke, knocking down the knife swung away from his
blind spot and keeping Alice in check as her blades return back to her.

_(I can’t feel this clown’s presence at all? A stealth-fighter? It would be bad
to fight her while visibility is poor.)_

Even though he responded in a relaxed tone, Sigma immediately changed her
perception of Alice and raised his guard a step higher. Towards such a Sigma,
Alice approaches her from the front without any tricks, unlike she did before.

[Got you!]

[Whoa there.]

[What?!]

As Sigma swings his sword in a sideways calm toward the fast, but filled with
openings, he charges towards Alice, which she avoids by sinking her body low...
down on the ground. She then flips her body around with one hand on the ground,
and from that position, she unleashes a kick at Sigma’s face.

It’s a very tricky move, but Sigma anticipated the trajectory of her kick and
quickly avoided it... but just as he was about to do so, a knife planted on
Alice’s shoes popped out.

[?!]

[Fyuuu~~ Even this attack only made a scratch huh, you have a great reaction
time!]

Even the strike with her hidden knife didn’t result in a direct hit, and Alice
quickly rotated her body to regain her stance and stepped away from him. With
Sigma’s physical ability, it was possible to chase after her, but Sigma didn’t
choose to do so, and instead stood there and sharply stared at Alice.

[...You’re quite a versatile fellow huh.]

[Why, thank you.]

Sigma was measuring Alice’s strength in that exchange just now.

_(She’s precisely aiming at my vitals. Moreover, it looked really polished... An
assassin?)_

Her speed was fast, but her power, not so much. An opponent which was light on
her body and could unleash tricky attacks...

[I have a clear understanding of your power already. I see, you are indeed very
fast for a human... but you are no match for me. The next exchange will be your
death.]

[You don’t sound convincing with that cut on your face. Or rather, you’re just
like a fool.]

[You... fine. This is the end of the needless talk. The speed that you’re so
confident of... shows your limits as a Human. Let me show you... the fastest
slash.]

With that said, Sigma deeply leans down his body, and takes an iaido stance
while boosting himself with his magic power. A super-fast strike released from
the physical ability of a Baron-level high-ranked Demon, a strike that is far
beyond the level of human perception anymore, that’s what Sigma thought would
settle this matter.

And then, the distance of about five paces was closed down in an instant, and a
strike that would reap away Alice’s life—didn’t happen.

[...Wh...at?]

[Did I even say that was my top speed?]

Yes, when Sigma was about to move to attack, Alice had already landed in front
of Sigma... and stomped on the hilt of his sword. This time, Alice leisurely
swings the knife in her hand against Sigma, who looked at her, astonished.

[Guh?! Shit!]

[...Was it too shallow?]

Sigma leaps backwards to dodge the slash aiming for his neck, but he can’t
completely avoid it, and blood flows from his neck.

[Your premise is wrong to begin with. It’s true that Humans are inferior to most
Demons in terms of physical ability if you just look at them as a race. However,
that doesn’t mean that there are no Humans who can defeat Demons~~]

As Alice speaks as she flippantly laughs at him, Sieglinde, who was watching
this situation which looks like she’s completely overpowering this Baron-level
high-ranked Demon with Kaito from a distance, opens her mouth in astonishment.

[How... strong.]

[Sieg-san, is that magic?]

[Yes, it’s probably magic that only increases her speed to the limit... But at
such a tremendous speed, it shouldn’t be possible to control it with the kinetic
vision of the Humans but...]

[But just now, Alice...]

[Yes, I can’t believe it. She’s... probably stronger than Lili. She’s clearly
beyond the limits of humanity.]

Alice’s combat prowess was unbelievable, even to Sieglinde, who had a large
amount of experience as a warrior. From the tip of his astonished gaze, Alice
quietly muttered to Sigma.

[There sure are lots of your kind among the high-ranking Demons that have this
so-called “peerage ranks”. People like you who are overconfident in their own
abilities... who never doubted that their own ability would be surpassed by a
Human... makes a really good prey.]

[...Indeed, I need to change my perception of you. You are strong... Anyone who
can’t keep their head straight would be no match for you.]

[That’s right~~]

[However, you talked too much. And now, I’ve finally calmed myself down.]

It could be said that Sigma had been caught off guard because he thought of
Alice as an inferior opponent just now... and that last exchange and Alice’s
words helped him regain his composure. Considering the point of pure combat
power, Alice was originally greatly inferior to Sigma except for her speed. If a
solid attack was made on her while he remains calm and alert, it would be
difficult for her to win.

However, hearing Sigma’s words, Alice doesn’t seem to be flustered at all, as a
smile appears on her mouth.

[There’s no problem... “It’s already over” after all.]

[What did you say?]

[...Since we’re at it, how about I tell you what they call me “over there”.]

While saying that, Alice throws the knife on her feet. Thereupon, Sigma’s
feet...the shadows under them turned into countless spear-like shapes and
skewered Sigma’s body.

[Ghaa?! Haaaahh?!]

[...Shadow Edge... Well, you don’t really have to remember it.]

As the skewered Sigma falls down on the ground, she turns away while muttering
with disinterest. Her opponent’s a Baron-level high-ranked Demon... He should be
one of the high ranks in the Demon Realm, but in the end, Alice held the pace
from start to finish, and he was defeated without being able to make a single
move.

---

[Well~~ That was quite a formidable opponent.]

[...You were actually amazing huh, Alice.]

[Eh? What’s with that? It kinda feels like you’re really surprised though?! What
did you even think of me all these times?!]

[Just an idiot.]

[Kaito-san, aren’t you just being too harsh on me?!]

In the end, seeing Alice’s overwhelming victory, I was surprised and called out
to her... but Alice was just like usual.

[That guy, is he dead...?]

[No, I made sure that I wouldn’t hit his vitals. Otherwise, I’m sure Kaito-san
will be angry at me~~]

Hearing the words she said with a smile, I let out a sigh of relief. It may seem
like a naive idea to do for people who came to attack us, but as expected, I
don’t like seeing someone die.

[Well, we just need to find out why they suddenly attacked Kaito-san...]

[Alice?]

[Ahh~ Kaito-san, is it alright for me to go home after all? As expected, I can’t
beat that one...]

[Eh?]

Alice’s expression, which had seemed carefree until now, disappeared, and I
could even see a streak of sweat on her forehead. Feeling uneasy about her
unusual appearance, I moved my gaze in the direction Alice was looking at.

Then, from the end of the road, there was someone walking slowly towards us. A
huge old man who must be well over two meters tall, wearing heavy-looking armor.
He had a huge axe in his hand, which combined with the sound of his clanging
armor, gave off an intense sense of intimation towards us.

[Geez, I even told them not to rush in acquiring achievements and not to misread
Megiddo-sama’s will...]

[No way... Could he be... the “Ironblood Bacchus”...]

Seeing the old man whose calm voice shows his deep experience, Sieg-san mutters
while trembling. Ironblood Bacchus... Looking at Alice and Sieg-san’s reactions,
I could understand that he will be a tremendous opponent. Perhaps sensing my
doubts who this old man is, Alice nervously answered.

[There are five Count-level, High-ranked Demons serving War King-sama... and
each of War King-sama’s Five Generals... to put it bluntly, were monsters.]

[...so they’re dangerous opponents huh...]

[They’re not just dangerous. High-ranking demons from the Count-level and above
them were truly exceptional. They have the power to wipe out an entire city...]

[?!]

A person who is so powerful that he could even wipe out an entire city... No
matter how I think of it, he’s a dangerous person. Within that atmosphere filled
with heavy tension, Bacchus turns to me with a wry smile on his face.

[Miyama Kaito... I’m sorry. My subordinates were rude to you.]

[...Eh?]

[Good gracious, it’s troubling how youngsters these days are hot-blooded... On
behalf of my subordinates, please accept my apology.]

[Ah, no...]

Seeing him not looking particularly dangerous at all, I hurriedly nodded at
Bacchus’s words, who spoke to me as if we were just making small talk.

[Geez, no matter how many barriers there are that can block Death King-sama and
World King-sama’s detection.... If they harm you, they will be killed
afterwards, but they don’t know that... I should have warned them a bit more.]

[.......]

[...However, well, the fact that it happened can’t be helped. I know that it’s
our side’s fault because they did as they pleased but... I’m sorry, I can’t just
go back after having my subordinates be defeated.]

[?!]

Magic power like surging winds released from Bacchus’s body as he slowly
muttered.

[I’m sorry, shall I have you fight against me as well... Warriors of Humanity.]

[...Kaito-san, this is bad. There’s no way we can win. Can’t you somehow use
your lucky power to call for a super-powerful reinforcement or anyone like
that?]

[If I could do that, I would have done it by now.]

Seeing Bacchus, who is easily holding that large axe, Alice sounds flustered,
while Sieg-san and Anima stiffened because of nervousness. The other party is an
existence that is so powerful that it can wipe out a city... There’s no way we
could do anything against him.

And although I wasn’t conscious of my actions, before I knew it, I had stepped
in front of the three of them, protecting them behind my back. I’m not sure I
could ever come up with anything to defeat him... but I didn’t want the three of
them to get hurt. However, seeing my actions, Bacchus looked somewhat impressed.

[Hoohhh... I thought you were just some youngster, but for you to still advance
before my magic power, you have quite the spunk in you huh. And, it is as you
perceived... I would certainly be troubled if you were to stand before me.]

[.........]

I didn’t know what he was talking about.

I didn’t come forward because I had such ideas, but Bacchus was telling me that
he would be troubled... and that I had perceived something...

[Megiddo-sama told me to bring you to him... but he hasn’t told me that I may
harm you. If I harm you, and do something against Megiddo-sama’s will... I will
be killed. That is to say, I can’t attack you...]

[......]

[However, if I were to follow his will... It will be fine for me to attack
anyone aside from you. Good grief, it’s quite tough being old but... I guess
I’ll have to be nimble and quickly slip through you.]

[?!]

I thought I had seen a ray of hope, but that doesn’t seem to be the case, as
Bacchus carefreely walked towards us. The other party is a Count-level Demon...
He’s probably much faster than that Sigma earlier. I can’t see any carelessness
or openings at all... There’s really nothing I can do about him...

[Everyone, run...]

[I will have to decline.]

[Even though it’s Master’s order, that’s something I won’t follow.]

[Then, good work out there.... Ah, no, it’s a lie. I will stay, yes.]

I was ready to give up and be taken to War King-sama, and just let the three of
them run away but... They refused. No, there was that one who tried to leave
normally, but after Sieg-san and Anima glared at her, she flusteredly stood in
front of me.

[Kaito-san’s lucky power didn’t make explosions yet huh.... I guess I can only
prepare myself.]

And now, Bacchus and the three of them... Just as the unwinnable battle was
about to begin, a quiet mutter rang out in the silence.

[...I see, calling it lucky power may really be quite fitting. I was just
passing by this area by chance, but I may actually be led here by Kaito-sama’s
summon.]

[...Eh?]

[Mhmm...]

Hearing that familiar voice resounded, before I knew it, a shadow stood in front
of us. She, who seemed to be on her way home from shopping and leisurely
standing in front of us, holding a paper bag, quietly spoke to Bacchus.

[As you may know, as a maid who spends every moment in accordance with her
duties, I hate doing useless stuff. Therefore, I will only give you one
warning.]

[...Ein... -san?]

[...I suggest you surrender.]

It’s often said that lightning strikes twice, and this time, a Count-ranked
Demon appeared. It certainly was a desperate situation. However, I guess luck
still hasn’t given up on us—As the strongest (maid) appeared. Seeing Ein-san
confronting him, Bacchus happily smiled for some reason.

[My, my... Isn’t this “the only Duke-level, High-ranked Demon that existed in
the Demon Realm”, Ein-dono... An unbelievable person appeared.]

[Duke-level?! H-However, you say she’s the only Duke-level in the Demon Realm...
Shouldn’t there be multiple Duke-levels in the Demon Realm?]

Hearing the words ” the only Duke-level” that Bacchus mentioned, Sieg-san
muttered with an expression that says she can’t believe it. Indeed, Lilia-san
said that there are only a few Duke-levels, so I thought it was phrased in a way
that shows there were more than one.

[No, that’s just what the Humans believe for their own convenience. They think
that because there are more than one Count-level Demons, there must be more than
one Duke-level Demons... In fact, Sieglinde-san, was it? Let’s see. Do you know
the name of even one Duke-level high-ranking Demon?]

[...N-No...]

Alice replies to Sieg-san with a shocked expression on her face.

[Even so, I never expected... that ” The Guardian of Empty Seat” would appear...
Kaito-san’s connections with friends were really outrageous.]

[The Guardian of the Empty Seat?]

[That’s what she was known of... She was as powerful as the Six Kings, yet she
only chose to serve her master. The Demon that didn’t become a King... The only
Duke-level high-ranked Demon in the Demon Realm, Ein. The reason why there’s
only one Duke-level, High-ranked Demon in the Demon Realm is because she won’t
move from her place... She was such an existence that there were even some who
said if one could be her equal, they would be a new King.]

A being with power comparable to the Six Kings, but chose to not become one...
Now that she mentioned it, Ein-san had a rivalry with the Supreme Being,
Chronois-san, and Chronois-san said that it still wasn’t settled between them.
That would mean that Ein-san is a strong person whose strength is equal to a
Supreme God... A-As I thought, she’s quite the outrageous one...

And then, Bacchus looks at Ein-san, smiling like a fierce beast. I’ve heard
about how smiling is originally an aggressive expression, and when that smile
comes from a beast showing you his fangs... That smile of his really looks like
an aggressive one.

[This is great! I’ve been wanting to cross swords with you, who rarely appears
in public, at least once. If I could defeat you, I could rightly call myself a
Duke-level Demon...]

[Excuse me from all this tedious talk. If you want to fight, just quickly make
your move. Unlike you, I’m very busy... I must put an end to this as soon as
possible, return back to the castle and prepare the “Special Deluxe Pudding à la
Mode with plenty of Fresh Seasonal Fruits —Garnished in a Seasonal Sauces” that
Kuromu-sama has requested.]

You’re craving for something sounding so troublesome that just hearing that name
gives me heartburn?! What the heck are you doing, Kuro?! Then, that shopping bag
Ein-san holds in her hand is either fresh seasonal fruits huh... The obsession
to come all this way from the Demon Realm just to buy it, as expected of the
Perfect Maid.

[Well then, I will take your word to it... One of War King’s Five Generals,
Ironblood Bacchus! Ready for battle!]

[.........]

[Gafffuuu?!]

[...Eh.]

What the heck happened just now... I thought Bacchus was just swinging his huge
axe and closing in on Ein-san in that instant... but in the next moment, the
armor he wore shattered and he flew away into the distance. In front of the
dumbfounded us, Ein-san looked like she lightly swung one of her hands.

[I’ve wasted quite a lot of my time. Well then, I’ll be taking my leave...
Kaito-sama, I’ll see you again.]

[Ah, y-yes.]

Ein-san’s really strong?! One punch?! She just defeated him with one punch?! She
knocked him down so easily that I couldn’t even follow the situation at all, but
Ein-san didn’t seem to mind him anymore, as after bowing with a curtsy, she
disappeared. She’s probably going back now to make that something Pudding à la
Mode she mentioned earlier... She’s seriously one of the top-class monsters I’ve
ever known.

[S-She’s really outrageous, isn’t she... That’s the power of the Duke-level...
I’m glad she’s an ally.]

[Yes, I agree...]

It seems that I’m not the only one surprised, as Alice and Sieg-san’s eyes grew
round and stared at the direction where Ein-san had disappeared. Anyway, that
should be the end of the story but... at that moment, I heard Anima’s sharp
voice.

[Master! Those bastards disappeared!]

[Eh?]

When I turned around after hearing Anima’s words, I saw that the bodies of Eta,
Theta and Sigma that were supposed to have passed out there just now, had
disappeared. It wasn’t like Bacchus had taken them or anything like that.
Bacchus was busy being beaten by Ein-san, and I didn’t think there’s others here
too...

As if to affirm our predictions, the landscape in front of us sways just like a
static screen. And then, someone wearing a jet black robe with chains here and
there, and whose face can’t be seen, appeared out of nowhere.

[...Miyama Kaito.]

[?!]

[...Splendid work.]

With a high-pitched voice that sounds as if it’s coming through a voice changer,
the robed figure hurls out words of praise. As I stiffened seeing that robed
person’s appearance that is too uncanny, Sieg-san muttered in a trembling voice.

[...P-Phantasmal King-sama.]

[Wha?!]

The Phantasmal King?! T-This person is... One of the Six Kings and the one
Lillywood-san told me to be careful to... Phantom King, No Face. In front of the
surprised us, the Phantasmal King, without seeming to be concerned about our
reactions, continued to speak.

[You are blessed with people who seek to protect you. You could say it’s also a
kind of power... However, that is not enough.]

[...What in the world are you...]

[You passed the first task, but I already expected this result... You should be
able to do this much. However, what about the next one? You have defeated the
War King’s envoys... but now, the War King himself will appear before you.]

[?!]

What the heck is this person talking about? The way she’s talking, it’s as if
she’s the one who pulled the strings as to why I got attacked this time...

As we felt pressured by the atmosphere before her uncanny voice, the Phantasmal
King slowly turned his back to us.

[...Even the War King would still have his own duties that he needs to do. I
will bring back the War King’s subordinates... Well then, Miyama Kaito, in your
next trial... I bid you good luck.]

[W-Wait! What in the world are you talking about?!]

[...Fumu, let’s see. You did pass your first trial. In that case, you will need
your prize... Well then, I will answer a single question for you.]

Hearing me call out to her in confusion, the Phantasmal King looked back at me
and told me that she would answer one question. Feeling suffocated by the way
she spoke, as if she was trying something out, I thought about it and asked one
question.

[...What was the purpose for doing that?]

[...It’s a test.]

[A test?]

[Yes, I’m giving you tests so that I won’t make any miscalculations... Whether
the power you gained, and the will dwelling within your heart is genuine or
not...]

[...Why me?]

[...I’ve answered your single question. If you want to know more, you need more
progress. If you do, I will appear before you again.]

Saying those words, the Phantasmal King disappeared like smoke, leaving only her
parting words.

[...I have high hopes for you, Miyama Kaito. I hope you’ll be worthy enough for
me to entrust my blade to you...]

The uncanny voice disappears with the wind, leaving only silence around us. The
mysterious being that suddenly appeared, disappeared, leaving behind those words
filled with mystery. The Phantasmal King, No Face... The unfathomable threat he
brings, I have felt it firsthand...

When the turmoil of the attack settled down, passerbys started showing up in the
supposedly empty streets, and not only that, the buildings that should have been
destroyed have been restored before I knew it. According to Sieg-san, it’s a
powerful Barrier Magic, and when it’s lifted, the property damages will return
to the state it was in before the Magic was used.

And once, Sieg-san suggests that we go back to the mansion to sort out the
situation, Alice simply said “Then, I’m going home. Good work, everyone~~” as
she left, and after we parted ways with Alice, returned to Lilia-san’s mansion.

When we returned to the mansion, Lilia-san was standing in front of the doorway
with a worried expression on her face, as it seems Sieg-san had sent a
hummingbird to her beforehand.

[Kaito-san! Are you alright?! Any injuries?! Where does it hurt?!]

[Huh, Ah, no...]

[Calm down Lili, he can’t answer if you’re that flustered.]

Lilia-san, who suddenly came too close to me with great vigor, flusteredly
confirmed my safety, before she’s stopped by Sieg-san who had a wry smile on her
face.

[Ah, yes. I’m sorry... It’s just as Sieg... said... Eh?]

Thereupon, after Lilia-san composed herself and apologized... Her eyes opened
wide and she turned towards Sieg-san.

[Anyway, right now, we are checking the situation. Depending on the situation,
we may need to ask for assistance from the royal palace.]

[.........]

[Lili? Did you hear me?]

[Eh, ah, yes... ummm, errr... Sieg, your voice...]

[Eh? Ahh, I haven’t mentioned it huh. I did end up eating the Fruit of the World
Tree.]

[...Auuu...]

Apparently, because she gave priority to telling her about the attack, Sieg-san
forgot to tell her that her voice had returned, so she told the surprised
Lilia-san again that she had eaten the Fruit of the World Tree. Hearing her
words, Lilia-san had tears in her eyes, as if she was overcome with emotion, and
she jumped at Sieg-san.

[Sieg!]

[Eh? Wait, Lili?!]

[That’s great... That your voice came back... It’s really... great...]

[...Lili. I’m sorry I made you worry about lots of things.]

[It’s totally fine... Compared to Kaito-san...]

[..........]

Hearing the voice of her best friend that she had been waiting for for so many
years has returned, Lilia-san shed tears... And it’s quite a beautiful sight.
However, why did you just suddenly speak ill of me like it’s natural?! Although
I truly wanted to refute her, those stuff in the past did happen... So I won’t
say anything. After that, Lunamaria-san also emerged from the mansion, joining
the scene and is happy that Sieg-san’s voice has returned. The moment the
slightly tense atmosphere from earlier eases and the atmosphere becomes somewhat
calm...

[Master?!]

[Eh? What?!]

When I heard Anima’s shout, I turned around and saw a huge pillar of fire rising
around the front gate, so huge that it pierced the heavens. And from within that
pillar of hellfire... That appeared.

[Ohh, I’ll be intruding.]

That appeared with the sound of giant footsteps, having a muscular body covered
in blazing, flame-like body hair. It has a goat-like face with huge twisted
horns and a truly demonic appearance... It was bigger than any creature I’ve
ever seen, with a body that must have been well over 10 meters tall. An
authentic monster appeared.

[...W-War King-sama?!]

[?!]

S-So, it’s him... One of the Six Kings, the ferocious king who loves to fight...
The War King, Megiddo Argetes Borgnes?! W-What an extraordinary amount of magic
power he has... It’s so big that he could blow us away just by being here. And
that’s not all, combined with the tremendously belligerent emotions felt by my
Sympathy Magic, it makes me feel like it’s burning my body.

Behind the War King, stands several Demons that seemed to be his subordinates,
including the “three” Demons that we had encountered not long ago... However, no
matter how I see it, didn’t he appear too soon?! Also, isn’t that Bacchus not
with them?

And then, the War King leisurely comes towards us with his massive footsteps and
stops in front of us. Up close, he really looks tremendously enormous, and the
intimidation of his gaze as he seemed to look down on me isn’t being suppressed
at all.

![Insert 5](../../_Images/v04/Insert5.jpg#.insert)

[You’re Miyama Kaito, right?]

[...Y-Yes.]

[Why did you turn down my invitation... I was waiting for you and ready to
welcome you back to our place though?]

[?!]

Scary... Clearly speaking, he’s absurdly scary.

I can’t stop shaking just by being before the sharp fangs in his mouth that
could swallow my body in a single gulp. I don’t know if he’s angry that I didn’t
respond to his invitation, but it felt like he’s glaring at me... Still, I grit
my teeth and look straight into the War King’s eyes and replied. It might be the
smart choice to apologize here but... unfortunately, I can’t do that.

[...Y-Your subordinates surprise attacked us... You’re asking me to accept the
invitation of someone who injured Sieg-san, a “person important to me” and has
always been helping me... There’s no way I will comply.]

Honestly, just this anger hasn’t gone away yet.

Sieg-san was injured by Eta. Even if that wound was healed by the Fruit of the
World Tree, I couldn’t bring myself to accept the invitation of such a person,
nor would I want to be friendly with them. Even if I am going to be killed here
and now, I still wouldn’t bow my head to him.

[ ~ ~ ?! ]

[Oi, Sieg. Please consider the situation at all. Stop looking happy over there.]

[I-I’m sorry. It was unintentional...]

When he heard those words I clearly said as I trembled, the War King’s
expression became even angrier... before he turned away from me.

[...Eh?]

I thought he was going to yell at me because I could feel his strong anger, but
the War King acted differently from what I had imagined, a dumbfounded gasp
leaked out of my mouth. Turning his attention away from me, the War King’s anger
flared stronger as he roared.

[...Ahh? Surprise attacked? What does this mean?! Bacchus!]

[...Can I speak my explanation?]

[You tell me now, or I’ll kill you!]

Surprisingly, instead of directing his anger at me, the War King turned to the
mummy behind his back... Ah, that’s Bacchus huh... Ein-san’s one strike was that
tremendous huh. And then, Bacchus goes on to explain in detail what happened
earlier to the War King.

And after he finished speaking for a while, Bacchus deeply bows to the War King.

[...That’s all. It was my fault for not being able to control my subordinates.
Please accept my apologies.]

[...I see, well, I doubt you’re gonna do anything that would incur my anger...
The problem are those fellows huh...]

[ [ ?! ] ]

After listening to Bacchus’s explanation, the War King looks at Eta and Theta,
who twitched in response. Then, the War King grabbed the two bodies together
with one hand and easily lifted them up.

[Uwaaaahhhh?!]

[Gaaaaaahhhhh?!]

I don’t know if they’re held up by that much force, Eta and Theta let out woeful
screams, but showing no signs of loosening his grip, the War King releases his
angry shout.

[You bastards... You’ve got to be fucking kidding me! I told you to lead him to
me! I never fucking told you to surprise attack anyone!!! You fucking heard
me?!]

[Aaggghhh, m-my apolo...]

The color of the hair covering the War King’s body changed from red to black...
And it looked like he had turned into an incarnation of a burning black flame.

[When you fucking fight! You have to start with introducing yourselves and then,
you ready your stances! And now, you’re telling me that you acted like trash and
surprised attacked them... Are you trying to embarrass me?!]

That’s probably the aesthetics of fighting for the War King.

Not taking them by surprise attacks, and fighting them fair and square... Eta
and Theta broke it, and as a result, they incurred the War King’s wrath. A
deafening noise sounded, and after a while, Eta and Theta went limp and
motionless. The War King’s jet-black body hair turned back to red again before
he turned towards me.

[...Miyama Kaito... I guess I’ll just call you Kaito? I’m sorry.]

[Eh?]

[Our idiots did idiotic stuff. Surprise attacks certainly are an act of those
inferior trash... You have every right to refuse my invitation!]

[Ah, no...]

[I’m not going to question the fact that you turned down my invitation. And,
here, it’s at least my apologies... I’ll let you deal with them.]

[Wha?!]

After telling me that, the War King throws Eta and Theta in front of me. I
thought they were dead, but the two bodies were still breathing and they seemed
to be alive. And then, the War King took out a red-bladed sword out of nowhere
and stabbed it in the ground in front of me.

[Here, you can use this... If it’s that, even a Human could easily chop their
heads off.]

[?!]

The War King’s words started me.

What the War King is trying to say... is that to kill these two with my own
hands...

What should I do? It’s true that I’m angry with Eta and Theta for hurting
Sieg-san, but not to the point that I want to kill them. However, the War King’s
silence tells me... That he will not allow me to refuse...

I grabbed the hilt of the sword stuck in front of me and after I slowly pulled
it out... I threw it back in front of the War King.

[...What do you mean by this?]

[I’m not going to kill them.]

[Eh? I told you to kill them, didn’t I?]

[...?! You just told me that you’d let me deal with them... In that case, my
decision on how I deal with them is that I will forgive them and not kill them.]

Shuddering as the War King spoke with increasing anger again, and I just replied
to him by saying that this is one thing that I can’t give up.

[...So you’re saying that if I want to kill them, I would have to kill you
first?]

[Yes!]

[..........]

The other party is one of the Six Kings... I don’t need to use my Sympathy Magic
to know that he’s not bluffing when he mentioned killing. Still, I can’t kill
anyone. Call me naive, call me stupid, but I can’t do what I can’t do.

[Ku—Ha-Hahahaha! Ahahaha!!!]

[...Eh?]

[I certainly didn’t! That’s really what I said! I just said that you will deal
with them! Hahaha, I certainly didn’t tell you to kill them!]

However, the War King didn’t swing his claw at me, but rather, began to laugh in
an amused manner for some reason. And then, after laughing for a while, the War
King let out a ferocious smile that gave me chills.

[You’re... strong...]

[Eh? N-No, I’m not...]

[I’m not talking about your physical strength, I’m saying that you have spirit!
Aren’t you a good one?! There aren’t many people who can dare say those words
right in front of me! I like you!]

[...Huh?]

[Hey, Kaito... “Let’s fight”!]

[Wha?!]

With a fiendish smile on his face, the War King happily told me... that he wants
to fight me...

[I like you! Then, we have to fight!!! Living things can only understand each
other in battle!!!]

Magic power raged around us like scorching winds, blowing around like a
tremendous storm. What the heck is with that muscle-headed theory?! As expected,
he isn’t a guy that we can talk with huh?! Or rather, there’s no way I can beat
him. Even now, just the aftermath of his magic power is about to blow me away,
so there’s no way I can even get a single scratch on him.

However, it seems that it’s already completely decided that he would fight me in
the War King’s mind, as he began approaching looking really happy. In the midst
of that situation, which can be said to be more desperate than ever before, four
shadows quietly stepped out in front of me.

[Ahh?]

[...E-Even if you’re War King-sama... I-I will not allow you to hurt Kaito-san!]

[...I agree with Lili. There are times when even if we know that we can’t even
bare our fangs at you, we still have to face it ourselves.]

[It’s my duty to protect Master, and I will not run away even against opponents
I can’t defeat!]

[...Good grief, how short my life is. Well, I guess this is fate.]

[Lilia-san, Sieg-san, Anima, Lunamaria-san...]

The four of them quickly stood in front of me, their legs trembling as they each
held their weapons at the ready to face the War King.

[Hooohhh... Interesting! You’re going to face me huh... That’s good, no, that’s
the best!!!]

[ [ [ [ ?! ] ] ] ]

When the War King shouted in a good mood, his muscles, which are already
tremendous, expanded and his body became bulkier. We totally can’t win...
Realizing such a despairing, immense pressure to us, the War King slowly raises
his fist.

However, that fist never swung down towards Lilia-san and the others...

[...Lay down your fist, War King. Trying to hurt them is tantamount to trying to
attack me.]

[Ahh? What the heck are you doing here... “Chronois”!]

Her quiet words echoing in the silence, Chronois-san calmly approached us while
clad in her magic power.

[You should know... Lilia over there is the one who received my blessing, then I
have a duty to protect her.]

Chronois-san slowly walked over while announcing this, facing the War King with
Lilia-san behind her back as if to protect her.

[I’m sorry, I was late in detecting your situation here, so I came too late. It
must have been frightening, right? ...However, you don’t have to be anxious,
Lilia. As long as I’m here, I won’t let you get even a scratch.]

[C-Chronois-sama...]

C-Chronois-san, aren’t you way too cool just now?! That speech, her actions, the
timing of her appearance, everything just screams ikemen, you know?!

I-It’s really quite a shame that she’s a woman...

In the silence that could be called as the calm before the storm, the War King
and Chronois-san quietly stared at each other. On one hand is one of the Six
Kings, the pinnacle of the Demon Realm, and on the other hand is a Supreme God,
of which there are only three in the God Realm. Both of them are beings with
power close to the pinnacle of this world. When it comes to a battle between one
of the Six Kings and a Supreme God, I can only imagine that it’s going to be on
the level of a natural disaster. And in the midst of that heavy silence,
Chronois-san spoke first.

[In the first place, what are you planning, War King? It’s not like you...
You’re supposed to prefer fighting strong people, why do you want to fight
Miyama? Even if you’re trying to flatter him, you can’t describe Miyama as a
good fighter.]

[Haahh? I can tell that just by looking at him. That guy’s fighting ability is
just about as strong as a slime.]

[...N-No, he might be a bit stronger than a slime but...That’s generally what
I’m saying.]

Chronois-san... If you’re going to back me up here, could you not drop me down
on the way...

I guess the War King really knew I was weak, but why did he ask me to fight him
then? As if to answer my question, the War King leisurely spoke.

[You can’t measure strength just by battle capabilities, right? I like strong
people. I’m not just talking about fighting strength, that also includes
intellect and mental strength... I like all kinds of strength.]

[...Fumu, I can’t argue with that.]

[That’s why I’m not really looking to go into a fist fight with Kaito, if we’re
going to fight, of course I’m going to fight on the terms that he has a chance
of winning... Let’s see, a “drinking contest” sounds good.]

The conversation suddenly took a strange turn. The War King didn’t want to get
into a fist fight with me, he was going to have a drinking contest with me, a
fight that didn’t involve battle strength at all. Hearing the War King’s words,
I was relieved to hear him say that, but the body hair on the War King’s body
began to turn black again.

[...However, if it’s you that’s my opponent, then that’s a different story!
Isn’t it great that you’re here, Chronois... You’re strong, you’re a great
opponent to hit!]

[?!]

[If it’s to fight you, planning to hit those fellows... isn’t so bad!!!]

[Tsk, this is why battle junkies...]

It seems that Chronois-san’s appearance has resulted in an increase in War
King’s will to fight, as he joyfully takes a battle stance. And in response to
that, Chronois-san also raised her fists and took anstance, starting the battle
that would shake heaven and earth, but for some reason, the War King let down
his stance first.

[...Is what I’d like to say, but I won’t do it today.]

[Hoohhh, how admirable. How come you changed your mind?]

[Well, there are also people I don’t want to fight, you know...]

For some reason, seeing the War King’s bringing down his will to fight,
Chronois-san gives him a puzzled look, to which the War King lets out a big
sigh.

[Anyway, I won’t act violently here, and I won’t hurt those fellows... So you
don’t have to stare at me with that kind of face... “Kuromueina”.]

[Eh?]

Surprised by the War King’s words, I looked in the direction of his gaze... and
saw a huge jet-black beast on the roof of the mansion. Its appearance resembled
that of a wolf, with black crystal-like spikes covering his entire body. A huge
magical beast with a physique not that different from the War King. After
looking at the War King for a while, the magical beast body turned into black
smoke, and when the smoke gathered in front of me... it changed into the
familiar form of Kuro.

[...Kaito-kun, are you injured? I came as soon as I heard from Ein...]

[Y-Yeah... It’s okay. I’m uninjured.]

[I see... Megiddo.]

[I know that already. I don’t have any chance at all when I’m against you, so I
won’t act violently.]

When Kuro came out, the War King easily promised that he wouldn’t fight and his
body turned back to red.

[However, what I’m giving up was fighting Chronois... I will still fight you,
Kaito!]

[...Are you talking about that drinking contest?]

[Yeah, of course there’s the difference in size between us. So, let’s see... I
will drink ten cups for each cup Kaito drinks. Then, that should make it fair,
right?]

[...H-Hmmm.]

When the War King said he will drink ten times as much as I did and told me that
he was going to compete drinking with me, Kuro had a troubled look on her face.
Sure, under those conditions, a normal human like me might be able to compete
with him, but I’m not a particularly strong drinker... No, do I really have to
win? As long as I responded to his game, the War King might be willing to take
it at that and willingly leave.

[...I’m sorry, Kaito-kun. Will you accept it? Megiddo has that kind of
mentality, and it would be difficult for to make him return otherwise...]

[Ah, unnn. I don’t really mind but...]

[I’m sorry. If Megiddo gets out of control, I will take responsibility and
seriously punch him.]

[Kuromueina’s serious punch? ...Wouldn’t that kill me?]

After a strange flow of events, I ended up competing with the War King. From
there, the War King’s subordinates quickly prepared for the match and cups were
placed in front of me and the War King in the blink of an eye.

In the meantime, I asked Kuro to heal Eta and Theta for me. Even though they
were enemies, it felt awkward leaving them wounded there... and Kuro immediately
helped me with my request, healing both of their bodies from their wounds.
They’re still unconscious, but I think they’ll be okay with this for the time
being.

[...Underworld King, do you mind if I leave this place to you?]

[Unnn. It’s okay. I will look after Megiddo, thank you too, Chronois-chan.]

[Well then, I will be going back... I still have some work left to deal with.]

Apparently, Chronois-san has some work to do, so she told Kuro that she would
entrust the place with her.

[Chronois-sama, thank you very much.]

[It’s all right. Lilia, I’m on your side... If you need my help, don’t hesitate
to call me.]

[...Yes.]

She’s still as ikemen as usual... If someone just hears that part of your
conversation, it will sound like the conversation between the hero and the
heroine. And then, a few moments after Chronois-san left the place, the War King
called out to me, as it looked like the preparations were ready.

[Alright! Well then, let’s get this started, Kaito!]

[Ah, yes. War King-sama.]

[You don’t have to be so stiff calling me that. We’re going to fight now, so you
just skip with all that honorifics.]

[Errr, then, Megiddo-san...]

[Ohh!]

Hmmm. Lots of stuff happened, but he’s quite a straightforward and easy to
understand person. Sitting down facing each other with a cup in front of us,
Megiddo let out a lively smile. My cup is as large as those cups used in
Japanese weddings, but Megiddo’s cup is as big as a mini car... With that size,
putting aside 10 times, it would be even more than that.

[The rules are simple. We take turns drinking, and whoever gets smashed first
loses... Alright, I’ll go first! Oi, start pouring!]

[Hahh!]

Following Megiddo-san’s words, his subordinate poured alcohol into his cup.That
cup that might be enough for a whole barrel... And Megiddo-san drank that
ridiculous amount of alcohol all at once.

[Gulp... Pfhuaaa~~ I can’t get enough of this! Alright, it’s your turn!]

[Ah, yes.]

After Megiddo-san gulped his alcohol, I also drank mine... wait, how strong is
the alcohol they put in my cup?! The heck is this, it’s making my throat hurt!
It seems that the alcohol Megiddo-san has prepared for us is a very strong one,
and I feel as if I’ve become a bit drunk after just one drink. Isn’t the chance
of me winning close to nil...

[Nice alcohol! Alright, let’s keep this going!]

[...Arehh? Speaking of which, Kaito-kun has Shiro’s blessing on him... Arehh?
Doesn’t this mean...]

And so, the drinking competition continued...

How many cups have we had now? I think this should be the seventh cup, right?
The first time I drank it, I thought it was so strong that I’d quickly pass out,
but strangely enough... I still don’t feel like I’m going to pass out.

[Y-You... are good... This is supposed to be an alcohol that could smash a dwarf
with just one drink, but you still looked pretty composed...]

[N-No, it’s just that I’m not getting drunk for some strange reason...]

[Rather than that, I don’t think there’s any chance that Megiddo’s going to win
this match, you know?]

[Ahh? What do you mean, Kuromueina?]

Compared to me, who was strangely unaffected by the alcohol, Megiddo-san have
gotten drunk now, and seems to be having a hard time. And for some reason, Kuro
started saying that Megiddo doesn’t have a chance to win. Naturally, Megiddo
looked doubtful, but since I also don’t know why, I tilted my head.

[I mean, Kaito-kun has Shiro’s blessing after all... so he won’t get drunk.]

[...Eh?]

[Wha?! What~~?! T-Then, does that mean?! That he would still be composed no
matter how much he drinks?!]

[Unnn.]

It seems that I, who have Shiro-san’s blessings, never get drunk, and no matter
how strong the drink is, I won’t suddenly collapse from drunkenness. That’s
kinda on the level of cheating when used in drinking competitions...

Hearing Kuro’s words, Megiddo-san looked dumbfounded... before slowly, he fell
on his back.

[...Ahh~~ Sheeettt, I lost huh~~ You’re amazing, Kaito, it’s been a long time
since I lost.]

[Eh? No, ummm, how should I say this... It’s not really because of me that I
don’t get drunk...]

[That doesn’t matter! Borrowed power or not, it’s your power, and I lost to you.
That’s all there is to it! Hahaha, well~~ It’s impressive how you won’t get
drunk!]

[Ah, errr, yes.]

Megiddo-san, who was lying down, admitted his defeat by praising me straight
away. I don’t know if he’s just clear-cut and straightforward, or just a frank
and unwavering person... But that’s probably why he had so many subordinates who
adore his way of life...

Then, Megiddo-san laughed for a while with an amused look on his face, before he
got up with a bang.

[Alright, let’s have a feast!]

[...Huh?]

[...Megiddo...]

[Oi oi, what’s with that unpleasant look on your face. We already fought it out,
and settled it! Then, all that’s left to do now is to celebrate each other’s
strenuous efforts and have a party!!!]

Megiddo-san suddenly talking about having a feast left me dumbfounded while Kuro
has an amazed look on her face.

[Alright, you lot! Get ready for the feast! Don’t be stingy, and get us some of
the best booze and food you can find! This is a party for the guy who beat me,
and if we don’t have the best party, then it would be like tarnishing my name!]

[...Umm, Kuro?]

[No, I know you’re confused, but he’s this kind of guy... He only cares about
fighting and having parties.]

[.........]

Leaving me, who hasn’t been able to keep up with the situation behind,
Megiddo-san gives orders to his subordinates one after another to start
preparing for the party. I don’t know if I should say he’s an overbearing
person... Or rather, this is Lilia-san’s garden though...

[Oi, the noble over there!]

[Y-Yes?!]

[I’ll be borrowing your garden!]

[Ah, y-y-yes!]

[Alright, go call everyone within your mansion! The more people there are at a
party, the merrier!]

Ah, he properly asked for permission huh... Well, it feels pretty late already
for him to ask permission.

---

As the tense atmosphere that had existed in the beginning completely
disappeared, there was a person who was watching the garden of Duchess Albert’s
house from the shadows of the mansion.

(It looks like I won’t need to come out. Well, I knew that they wouldn’t suggest
a battle that would injure Miyama-kun.)

Peaceful Sky Ozma... One of War King’s Five Generals and a Demon who met Kaito
at the Sacred Tree Festival, for a certain purpose, was watching over the
situation while concealed. Of course, if Kaito was in danger, he was going to
abandon his original purpose and go in to help him, but now that there was no
need to do so, he let out a sigh of relief.

(Sorry, Miyama-kun. Because of my circumstances, Uncle couldn’t tell you my true
identity. However, it’s quite a feat that Master likes you so much. As I
thought, you really are a good child. ...That’s why I didn’t want you to get
involved with these troublesome matters.)

After briefly looking at Kaito with gentle eyes, Ozma’s presence disappeared as
he “invaded Duchess Albert’s mansion”.

(I don’t know what Phantasmal King-sama’s purpose is, nor do I think she’s the
kind of person who would give me a straightforward answer if I asked her. That
being the case, I guess the best thing to do would be to ask someone who would
know about it.)

Ozma’s purpose for coming here was to find out the true intentions of the
Phantasmal King who was giving Kaito tests. To accomplish this, he planned to
seek them...

“A subordinate of the Phantasmal King who is lurking in Duchess Albert’s
household”...

The Phantasmal king has more than enough information about Kaito, and she seems
to be paying a lot of attention to him. That being the case, Ozma surmises that
she must have given instructions to her subordinates who had infiltrated Duchess
Albert’s mansion in order to obtain information about Kaito. Since he was afraid
that they would conceal themselves if they noticed his presence, Ozma applied
adequate Recognition Inhibition Magic to himself before entering the mansion
amidst the commotion in the garden.

(This time, the Phantasmal King is making a bigger move than ever before. That
shows how essential Miyama-kun’s role in her plans... If that’s the case, she
definitely didn’t dispatch someone from the bottom rung, but a Peerage-holding,
High-ranking Demon instead.)

It would have been difficult for Ozma to distinguish the bottom rung among the
Phantasmal King’s subordinates, for they were only as powerful as ordinary
people, but if a person holding a certain level of power is lurking within this
mansion, the way they move, their magic power, and the atmosphere around them
would clearly show how powerful of a fighter they are. Ozma’s objective was to
seek for this subordinate and extract information from them. With his presence
concealed under the effect of Recognition Inhibition Magic, Ozma proceeded
cautiously, muffling his footsteps.

The hallway was surprisingly quiet, perhaps distracted by the commotion in the
garden, when Ozma crossed paths with a maid... Stopping his steps, Ozma spoke.

[...How surprising.]

[...?]

The maid wasn’t surprised by the words Ozma muttered, quietly turning and
looking towards Ozma.

[I’ve already expected that she’d assign a High-ranking Demon... I never thought
I’d meet someone like you here... It’s been a while, “one of Phantasmal King’s
Executives, the Ten Demons”... “Doomsday-Invoking Plague, Pandemonium-chan”.]

[...My name heeeeere is Illneeeeess.]

The maid Ozma had called out... Illness turned her unfocused eyes towards Ozma
and responded in her usual tone of voice.

[As expected, even when it’s just her executive, their disguise ability and the
way they suppress magic power is flawless. However, I wouldn’t have known you
were here if I hadn’t seen the way you move your feet.]

[Nooooo~~ This iiiiiis “my undisguised face” thouuuuugh?]

[...That so? Well, my bad. This is the first time I’ve seen your face after
all.]

Looking surprised, Ozma apologized, but this wasn’t Ozma’s fault. After all,
Illness... Pandemonium was usually clad in bandages wrapped all around her body,
aside from her right eye, and no one but the Phantasmal King has ever seen her
true face. Ozma thought that she was in disguise because she was on an
infiltration mission, but it was actually her true face. Indeed, she usually
hides her face, but her true face might be the best disguise for her.

[And sooooo~~ What’s your business heeeeeere?]

[...Yeah, about that. I didn’t really expect I’d meet an executive here, but I
guess I should say I’m lucky that it was you I met here.]

There are various types of people among the vast number of subordinates the
Phantasmal King has. Among them were people who don’t listen to outsiders, “the
type that can’t be talked to”. On the other hand, Pandemonium was “the type that
can be talked to”, and thus, Ozma had enough room for negotiation with her. Even
if that isn’t the case, Ozma and Pandemonium have occasionally trained together
in hand-to-hand combat, and Ozma considers her to be the most decent among
Phantasmal King’s subordinates.

[There’s something I’d like to ask you, but would that be alright?]

[...You do understaaaaaand that there are things I can answeeeeeer and things I
caaaaaan’t.]

[I don’t mind. If that’s the case, I wouldn’t mind if you just respond with yes
or no.]

From here on out, it was time for him to read through her words. If it was
limited among the Phantasmal King’s subordinates, it can indeed be said that
Pandemonium would be the one Ozma was reasonably close to... but their
relationship was only to the extent of an acquaintance. They weren’t friends,
nor were they colleagues, it can be said that she was a worthy opponent for
hand-to-hand combat... but even if that’s so, there’s no reason for Pandemonium
to oblige Ozma’s request. It wouldn’t be possible that the reason why such a
person would answer Ozma’s question is because she just had completely good
intentions. Answering him may also be under the Phantasmal King’s instructions,
or perhaps, she may be thinking of misleading him... That is what he needed to
see through.

[Well then, I’ll start with my first question. Can I assume that you’re the one
compiling all the information in this mansion... including information about
Miyama-kun, conveying it to Phantasmal King-sama?]

At first, he asked a simple question to check the situation. Thereupon,
Pandemonium answered without any hesitation.

[Shalltear-samaaaa had told me that it would be alriiiiiight to talk about
thiiiiiis, so I’ll answer. “You’re mistakeeeeeen”.]

[?!]

However, the answer Ozma received from his first question was different from
what he expected. One of Ozma’s eyebrows raised for a moment, but his expression
remained unchanged, waiting for her to continue.

[Including myseeeeelf, there are about 7 subordinates in this mansioooooon, but
Shalltear-samaaaaaa hasn’t acquired information from any of us seveeeeeen.]

[...So, you’re saying she has other ways to get her information...]

[Most probablyyyyy. Perhaps, Shalltear-sama herseeeelf had searched for the
information she haaaaaad. She can disguise herself as aaaaaaanyone after all.]

[............]

Hearing Pandemonium’s words, Ozma brought his hand to his chin and thought for a
moment. A few moments later, he asked his next question.

[...Well then, my second question. Do you know what Phantasmal King-sama’s
intentions were?]

[I know about iiiiiiit.]

[...Is that a question you can answer?]

[That would be a complicaaaaaaated question to answeeeeeer. I can’t tell youuuuu
about the means she will taaaaaake. Howeeeeeever, I can tell you what her end
goal iiiiiiiis.]

[That’s quite the service you’re giving me there. In that case, I’d like it if
you could tell me.]

[I don’t miiiiiiiiind.]

Ozma’s tone of voice was calm, but his mind was thinking at high speed.

(There’s no disturbance in her voice upon this question... There’s no indication
that she’s lying or hiding anything, so I suppose this is also within their
expectations? Good grief, as I thought, she’s a tough nut to crack.)

Ozma finds it difficult to read through the changes in Pandemonium’s
expressions. That’s because her eyes, the part of a person’s face which
expresses the most emotions... are always out of focus. Her eyes only stare into
the void, not allowing Ozma to read emotions from them... In a situation where
one needs to investigate something, those eyes could be described as powerful
weapons.

[It seeeeeeems that she is measuring whetheeeeeeer Kaito-sama is the one a
certain peeeeeerson desires or noooooot.]

[...A certain person huh. I see... it’s for “Underworld King-sama” huh.]

[I dunnoooooo, that’s somethiiiiiing I can’t aaaaaanswer.]

In response to Ozma mentioning the Underworld King, it was just a bit... so
small that it would normally go unnoticed, but Pandemonium’s magic power shook.
However, Ozma didn’t overlook such a reaction.

(Bull’s eye huh... Since Phantasmal King-sama is making big moves, I already
expected that it has something to do with Underworld King-sama but... Haahhh...
I was hoping I was mistaken. Miyama-kun... Perhaps, you were challenging an
uncharted path before you.)

Letting out a small sigh, Ozma takes out a cigarette from the pocket of his
trench coat. Placing the cigarette in his mouth, he looked at Pandemonium
without lighting it.

[Well then, this would be my final question, Pandemonium-chan.]

[My name heeeeere is Illneeeeess.]

[Oops, my bad. Well then, Illness-chan... Do you approve with what Phantasmal
King-sama is trying to do? Or perhaps, do you disagree with her, but obeying her
because of your position?]

Ozma was able to get the answer he was looking for with the second question.
Therefore, he wanted his last question to ascertain where Pandemonium stands in
this situation. Pandemonium is the Phantasmal King’s subordinate who is the
closest to Kaito at the moment, and her existence may affect the development of
this situation depending on her intentions.

[I gueeeess it would be booooooth a yes and a no.]

[Whoa there, you’re ending the situation with a complicated phrase huh... You
got me there.]

[Kuhihi, I won’t say anything more than this, you knooooow? Well theeeeen, can I
ask you one question noooooow?]

[Unnn? Ahh, of course you can.]

Responding to Ozma’s final question with an ambiguous answer, Pandemonium now
asked him.

[Noooo~~ Rather than a questiooooon, I feel like this is more of a hiiiiiiint.]

[...A hint?]

[Yeeeeees. Well then, Ozma-sama, rather than an inquiry, this is a question I’d
like you to keep in mind. “For whose sake” do you think Shalltear-sama is making
her moves?]

[Mhmm... Think not about her intentions, but her motives huh...]

[Kuhihi, if you were able to comprehend thiiiiiis, you may be able to
understaaaaaaand Shalltear-sama’s “true intentions”, you knoooooow?]

[.........]

Pondering the question posed by Pandemonium, Ozma looked like he was thinking
about it.

(Indeed, that may be the core of this matter. The Phantasmal King is supposedly
working to keep the stability of the world. And yet, this time, even though it
was only trivial information, she had still spread information about Miyama-kun,
causing some confusion. For what purpose is Phantasmal King-sama doing this...)

Just when he thought he got the answers to the questions he wanted to know, a
new question was posed to him at the end. Thereupon, as if to hoodwink... as if
it was a payback for what he said earlier, before Ozma could gather his
thoughts, Pandemonium turned her back on her and left Ozma with a few words.

[...I wooooooonder where did it all begaaaaaan? Kuhihihi.]

[...You got me. I thought I’d be able to clear up some questions here, but I’ve
ended up with more questions instead... Well, even so, I did get some harvest,
so I guess I should be happy here.]

Looking at Pandemonium leaving, Ozma scratched his head before walking in the
opposite direction Pandemonium went.

---

How should I say this... the conversation went on and on, and before I knew it,
it was decided that a party would be held in the garden of Lilia-san’s mansion.
However, Megiddo-san, the one who started this whole ruckus, has disappeared,
leaving his men who were making preparations quickly and efficiently, behind.
They don’t seem to be bothered by it, as they continue to make preparations...
But is it really alright for the person who’s, in a sense, the star of the show?

And just as I was thinking about that... A pillar of flames rose in front of the
gate again, and Megiddo-san comes back. I wonder if this person raises a pillar
of flames everytime he teleports? However, those questions were quickly blown
away when I saw Megiddo-san returning. Megiddo-san was holding “three trees” in
one hand, and a huge green deer, even bigger than Megiddo-san, in the other.

[Ohh, sorry for the wait!]

[...Ummm, Megiddo-san... What’s that?]

[Unnn? Ahh, the meat of this deer is quite good. Also, I don’t mind eating just
meat, but since I think there would be humans who would like some fruits in the
party, I also brought these with me!]

Answering my question with a hearty laugh, Megiddo-san easily placed the things
he brought in the middle of the garden. Thereupon, Megiddo-san’s subordinates
moved quickly and dismantled the huge deer.

[...Hey, Megiddo. Isn’t that... a Forest Horn?]

[Huh? I don’t remember the names of every single food I eat.]

[...Did you get permission from Lillywood?]

[Why do I have to ask permission from Lillywood?]

Seeing the deer that Megiddo-san had hunted, “Kuro” spoke to him with a
dumbfounded look on her face. For some reason though, Lillywood-san’s name came
up... How should I say this... I have a really pitiful premonition.

[The population of the Forest Horns is becoming lesser and lesser, so she said
that she will be limiting the market of their meat.]

[Is that so? Well, she shouldn’t be bothered with all these trivial things!]

[...I’m sure Lillywood already had her head on her hands right now...]

Apparently, Megiddo-san was in Lillywood-san’s territory(?) and took this deer
and trees without permission.

...Thinking about Megiddo-san’s personality though, it doesn’t sound like this
is the first time he did this...

---

The largest forest in the Demon Realm... is under the control of the World King
Lillywood. In the corner of that forest, the king of that forest, Lillywood was
stunned.

“...This is... What in the world...”

[Ahh, World King-sama?! J-Just now, War King-sama appeared out of the blue...
and said that he was going to have a party, so he will be taking some fruits and
meat...]

“.........”

Hearing the situation that her follower had hurriedly told her, Lillywood looked
out of the corner of her eye... and became speechless from the sight of several
trees pulled out from their roots.

“MEGIDDDOOOOOOOOOO!!!”

---

The preparations for the party were ready, and the people living in Lilia-san’s
mansion, including Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san, came out to the garden. When
Megiddo-san holds up his large cup and is about to make a toast... A tree grew
in the garden of the mansion. Then, the tree that had sprung out wriggled and
changed shape, and there appeared Lillywood-san.

“Megiddo!”

[Ohh, isn’t this Lillywood, you also wanna join us?]

“I didn’t come for that! How dare you devastate my forest!!!”

[...Did I do that?]

While Lillywood-san is clearly trembling with anger, Megiddo-san tilts his head,
not seeming particularly bothered by it. Seeing Megiddo-san’s reaction,
Lillywood-san looks even angrier and sharply glares at Megiddo-san. How should I
say this... I know that they have their own problems over there but... Seeing
that there are three of the Six Kings in her garden, it seems that Lilia-san’s
consciousness departed, so a problem appeared over this side as well.

“The tree lying there is the best evidence!”

[Ahh, I see. I took some fruits!]

“But you don’t have to pull out the whole tree!”

[Wouldn’t it be faster with that method?]

“...How many times do I have to tell you the same thing before you start
harvesting normally, you muscle head?!”

[Ahhhh?]

The exchange between Lillywood-san and Megiddo-san gets more heated-up as time
passes and finally, Megiddo-san’s voice becomes lower. However, Lillywood-san is
also one of the Six Kings... she stared back at him without flinching at all.
And then, along with a sound as if the air was creaking between them, a storm of
magic power blew in the air.

[...Are you looking for a fight, cause I’m buying it. Lillywood.]

“All right. Apparently, just talking to you isn’t enough ... Let’s change
places.”

[I’m right behind you!]

...A fight started before the feast began.

I don’t know if Lillywood-san and Megiddo-san decided that they can’t fight with
all their might here, as they both disappeared at almost the same time with
Teleportation Magic. Rather, to think that the mild-mannered Lillywood-san would
get so angry to that extent... Megiddo-san probably already did the same thing
once or twice...

Stunned by the sight of the star of the show ( ? ) along with the other member
of the Six King that suddenly appeared, “Kuro” spoke with a dumbfounded
expression on her face.

[...Haahhh, they’re probably going to take a while. The feast will probably
start after Megiddo and Lillywood come back.]

[...That’s probably the case.]

[Well, in the meantime, do you want to chat with me, Kaito-kun? Hey, Kaito-kun,
do you have any thoughts on my magical beast mode?]

[Eh? Not really.]

[You don’t have any?!]

At any rate, if the two of them don’t come back, the conversations won’t
progress, so I’ll be chatting with “Kuro” until then. With a look filled with
expectation, she talked about her earlier magical beast form... She asked me
what my thoughts about it, but even if she asked me that, I can’t really think
of anything in particular.

[L-Look, there must be something, right? Whether it looks cool or it looks
frightening!]

[...Isn’t it hard to move with all those spikes?]

[You’re asking that?!]

No, I mean, her whole body is filled with spikes... If I walk looking like that,
I feel like those spikes would end up poking me. As if my words were unexpected,
“Kuro” looked astonished and she stiffened... but after a while, she spoke again
looking flustered.

[No, no, but look, there must be something, right?! I never showed you my
magical beast mode to you, didn’t I? Is there anything you want to ask me?]

[...Hmmm. Then, can I ask you one question?]

[Mhhmm. Ask me anything!]

It doesn’t seem to bother her that I didn’t have any thoughts about her magical
beast mode, but when “Kuro” asked me if I didn’t have any question at all, I
decided to ask what I’d been wanting to ask “Kuro” while I had the chance.
“Kuro” looked at me expectantly... and as I stare into those golden eyes, I
leisurely spoke.

[...”Who are you?”]

[...Eh?]

Hearing my question, this time, “Kuro” completely stiffened.

After a moment of heavy silence, “Kuro” had a troubled smile on her face as she
spoke.

[What’s with that~~ Kaito-kun, what are you talking about? I’m—]

[You’re not Kuro, right?]

[—?!]

To be honest, I didn’t have any proof, it was almost like a hunch... But I’m
sure. She’s in front of me now. This being with the same appearance as Kuro, the
same voice, and the same magic power... isn’t Kuro.

[...What in the world are you talking about, Kaito-kun. What’s your basis
for...]

[I don’t have any basis for that. I also don’t know the reason... However,
you’re a different person. You’re not Kuro.]

[.........]

Listening to my words I told her filled with a stronger conviction and tone than
before, “Kuro” became silent. And after a short period of silence again... She
spoke with a voice different from before.

[...I must say, I’m quite surprised.]

[?!]

She still looks like Kuro, but her voice has changed... to a familiar
high-pitched voice.

[That’s the first time I’ve been seen through. I need to revise my opinion of
you... However, for now, I will praise you. Splendid work...]

[...Phantasmal King, No Face.]

[Yes, it is I. Good gracious, you’re surprising me.]

While applauding in Kuro’s form, the Phantasmal King threw words of praise to
me.

...It’s quite unbelievable. Even now that I know her true identity, I still
can’t tell the difference in appearance between the Phantasmal King and Kuro,
and even the feeling of her magic power is also the same...

Even earlier, neither Chronois-san, a Supreme God, nor Megiddo-san, one of the
Six Kings noticed... A perfectly unnoticed disguise. No, rather than calling it
a disguise, it might be more appropriate to call it a copy now.

[Miyama Kaito. You have successfully driven away the threat of the War King. I
didn’t expect you to pull it off so quickly. Terrific... It’s making me proud of
you.]

[...Why the heck are you saying that with her mouth...]

[However, I’m still not satisfied yet. Show me more... Your possibilities.]

[.........]

After announcing in her uncanny voice, that sounded somewhat happy, the
Phantasmal King looks straight at me and smiles.

[However, before that... I must give you a reward for overcoming your second
trial... You can have this.]

[...This is?]

Out of nowhere, the Phantasmal King pulls out a small... card about the size of
a playing card, and holds it out to me.

[You’re going to visit the Death King’s residence, aren’t you? Then, I’m sure
that this will help you.]

[?!]

Truly, not only is she uncanny, she’s also irritating. I heard that all
information is being gathered by the Phantasmal King, and there’s apparently no
falsehood in that statement... This person even knows about such things. No, in
the first place, this person can disguise herself so well that almost no one can
recognize her... She may have been disguised as someone else near me, and she
may even be someone among those people I casually greet. As I feel fear once
again for the Phantasmal King, still wearing Kuro’s face, she happily smiles.

[I have high hopes for you. Miyama Kaito... I hope you keep up the good work and
overcome all my trials.]

[......]

[And then, I will present myself before you... When you stand before the
abyss...]

[Hey?! Wait!]

[...Let’s meet again.]

Once again, leaving only words, the Phantasmal King disappears like smoke.
Leaving behind an even more uncanny dreadfulness than the last time we met...

A little while after Kuro... no, the Phantasmal King who had been transformed
into Kuro disappeared, the real Kuro appeared quite naturally. Kuro has a wry
smile on her face like she’s in a punishment game, and comes over to me.

[Ohh, so the real one finally came huh...]

[Ahaha, sorry about that. I was going to come over right after Ein told me about
what happened, but Shalltear came over right at that time, and asked to let her
go instead because she wanted to talk to Kaito-kun about something. What were
you talking about?]

Standing beside me, Kuro looked at the garden where the feast is waiting to be
started, and talked to me, to which I jokingly replied.

[That Kuro’s monster mode looks spiky and hard to walk in.]

[Ehhhhh?!]

I don’t know if she was surprised that that was what we talked about or not, but
Kuro shouted with a startled look on her face.

[No, no, those spikes are just made of magic power, so they won’t get in the way
when I move!]

[Then, it isn’t like having those spikes were important?]

[It’s cooler to have them though...]

[It’s really just for the coolness?]

It seems like the spikes on her magical beast mode aren’t there for efficiency,
but for appearance’s sake.

[...Kaito-kun, how did you know that it was Shalltear disguised and it wasn’t
me?]

[No, to be honest, I didn’t have any reason or basis for it either... But
somehow, I felt like who I was talking to wasn’t Kuro.]

[I see... Ehehe, it kinda makes me happy.]

Almost at the same time as Kuro said that, looking cute as she looked
embarrassed, a pillar of flames and a tree appeared, and Megiddo-san and
Lillywood returned. Both of them looked battered, but Megiddo-san’s expression
was quite bright, while Lillywood-san looked depressed... Does that mean that
Megiddo-san won?

[As expected, Lillywood-san was quite strong! In the end, I wasn’t able to win!
Well~~ I haven’t fought this hard in a long time! That was the best!]

“...What in the world is this... The battle should have ended in a draw, but I
felt like I lost really badly...”

Apparently, the fight between the two ended in a draw but, ahh, I see...
Megiddo-san loves to fight strong opponents, regardless of whether he wins or
loses. In other words... Megiddo-san was very happy to fight a strong opponent,
whereas Lillywood-san was very tired, as she doesn’t exactly like fighting.

[Hey, Kuro.]

[What is it?]

[Megiddo-san looks like a blazing fire before, and I have an image that
Lillywood-san, who was the spirit of a tree, wouldn’t be a good match against
him...]

[With Lillywood’s ability, those affinities don’t matter at all. Lillywood can
even turn a horizon as far as the eye can see into a forest in an instant.]

Once again, I heard about how outrageous of a being the Six Kings are... They
really have a clear distinction in ability from the others. Anyway, everyone...
Or rather, with the addition of Lillywood-san into the group, the party started.
Megiddo-san is the same as always, and he started drinking first, saying that
greetings and leading everyone with a toast are a bother, so he just said to
start the party already. Or rather, we just had a drinking contest earlier, and
even though you drank so much strong alcohol earlier, you’re still drinking
huh...

The party has begun, and I look around the garden, which is now crowded with
people. Kuro said she would follow up on Lillywood-san, as she seems to be going
to comfort her. Then, just as I’m sipping on my alcohol, Megiddo-san approached
me with a huge cup.

[Ohh, Kaito. I want to ask you something... The elf with the broken swords is
here, right? Which one is it?]

[Eh? Errr, Sieg-san! Come here for a minute.]

[...Yes?]

I didn’t know why, but Megiddo-san seemed to be looking for Sieg-san. So, when I
called out to Sieg-san who was nursing after the unconscious Lilia-san, Sieg-san
walked over and tilted her head.

[Ohhh, so it’s you huh! Your swords broke, right? After those idiots did that
bad thing.]

[Eh, ah, n-no...]

[I’ll give you swords to make up for it. Here!]

[Huh?]

As usual, Megiddo-san keeps on speaking without regard to the other party’s
reaction. He tosses a red and a blue sword in front of the bewildered Sieg-san,
and tells her that he’s giving it to her. Sieg-san lightly holds the two swords
placed on the floor in her hands, and as if she’s confused, she asks
Megiddo-san.

[U-Ummm... War King-sama. It’s just that I can sense a terrifying amount of
magic power from this sword but... What in the world is this...]

[Ahh? What was that called again? I only used it to slice meat so... Oi,
Bacchus! What sword was this again?]

[That’s... the twin swords, Flambertine.]

[Wha?!]

Megiddo-san, who doesn’t seem to remember the name of the word, asked the
mummy... Bacchus glances at the sword Sieg-san’s holding before telling them
their name. And hearing him, Sieg-san’s eyes widened in astonishment... Is it
perhaps an amazing sword?

[W-W-War King-sama... There’s an anecdote telling about a twin-flame sword named
Flambertine, that turned a mountain range into a wilderness but... Is this a
legendary magical sword?]

[Is that so? Well, a sword is a sword. That’s yours now, so you can use it
however you want.]

[N-No, b-but I couldn’t take something this expensive...]

[I’m the one who said it’s alright, so it’s alright. In the first place, I don’t
use weapons, so there’s no meaning even if I have it.]

[H-Huhh... T-Thank you very much.]

[Ohh.]

Unnn, I don’t really know how it happened... but I just knew that something
outrageous was just lightheartedly given to her hands. Sieg-san also looked
clearly thankful, bowing to Megiddo-san many times, while Megiddo-san vigorously
laughed without seeming particularly bothered.

[However, you’re quite strong too! Not only in strength, but you’ve also got
guts... As expected of you, Kaito! Not only did he defeat me, “he’s also got a
good woman on his arms”!]

[Pfft?!]

I couldn’t help but spurt out what I’m drinking because of the outrageous words
he just said in a lively manner.

[Me-Megiddo-san?! W-What are you suddenly saying?]

[Ahhh? That elf is your woman, right? I can clearly see it from your actions
before!]

[No, no?! Why are you talking about that?!]

[Why are you so flustered? You’ve been in this world for almost 40 days now,
haven’t you? Then, it wouldn’t be strange if you’ve already got four or five
women around you.]

What kind of calculations did he make to reach that conclusion?! Is he thinking
that I would get one woman every ten days?! That’s totally something that’s
strange, right? Seeing me really flustered, Megiddo-san just curiously tilted
his head. At that moment, Kuro comes back, having finished talking with
Lillywood-san.

[Megiddo, I heard that in the “other world”, the numbers of the boys and the
girls are almost the same, you know? That’s why they only marry one person in
their world.]

[What?! Is that so? There sure are lots of difference between here and the other
world huh~~]

[Unnn, so...]

[I see, so that means that the elf is Kaito’s wife!]

[Pfft?!]

[ ~ ~ ?! ]

Wait a minute there, you gorilla?! What kind of thought process do you have to
reach that kind of incomprehensible story?!

[No, that’s not the case... That means that Kaito-kun isn’t married nor does he
have a lover.]

[...Kaito, are you... impotent?]

[...Oi.]

Why the heck are you saying the most disgraceful line with that sympathetic look
on your face?! I’m so speechless that I could only reflexively respond with a
brief “Oi.”?! Looking at Megiddo-san who swerved the conversation to a strange
path, I let out a big sigh. I also wanted Sieg-san to say some follow up, but
for some reason, her face is red as she fidgets, and she doesn’t seem like she
could refute Megiddo-san’s words anytime soon.

I guess it’s really hard for her to express her opinions if she’s facing the War
King huh? It’s true that Megiddo-san doesn’t seem to listen to what the others
say but... I have to say something for the sake of her honor. No, of course, I
wouldn’t feel bad if I was seen to be in a relationship with someone as
beautiful and kind as Sieg-san... it would be disrespectful to Sieg-san if she
was treated as my spouse...

[Megiddo-san, no matter how you say that... It’s disrespectful to Sieg-san if
you treat her like that. Sieg-san and I are friends, but we don’t have that kind
of relationship.]

[...Huh? N-No, no matter how I look at that Elf...]

[Yes?]

[...Kaito, are you perhaps... stupid?]

[Eh? Why?]

[...Kaito-kun. I know that it’s Megiddo who said this... but I honestly agree
with him on this one.]

[Kuro too?!]

[...I also agree with what he said...]

[Even Sieg-san?!]

Arehh? Why is everyone sending astounded gazes at me? I can’t understand at all.
