---
toc: true
---

# Prologue

Today is the 8th Day of the Water month.

Caught up in a Hero Summoning and sent to another world, I participated in a
festival for the first time... The Sacred Tree Festival, which started on the
4th Day of the Water month, was filled with so many events that my friend,
Alice, told me, “I was only away for three days, I got caught up in trouble too
much”.

At Rigforeshia, the Elven city where the event was to be held, I met Sieg-san’s
parents, Rei-san and Fia-san, bringing about quite a commotion...

Heard about the prize of the hunting competition, the Fruit of the World, and
touched upon the past of Lilia-san, Sieg-san and Lunamaria-san...

Reunited with Raz-san and Neun-san, and met Ozma-san...

And for the first time in my life, I fought in a battle. Due to the birth of a
Special Individual, Black Bears had invaded Rigforeshia, and met upon their
extinction by the hands of Isis-san.

Reconciliation of Lilia-san and Sieg-san, and reincarnated by Shiro-san, the
Black Bear I fought... Anima has semi-compulsorily taken the position of being a
subordinate of mine...

Participated in the harvest competition with Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san, and
while harvesting the fruits from the Sacred Trees in the Spirits’ Forest, I met
the World King, Lillywood-san...

And such a Lillywood-san warned me about the Phantasmal King, No Face...

And then, for some reason, I won the competition and had to spend the night at
the shrine where the Spirits live. Thereupon, I ended up spending my last
moments of the Sacred Tree Festival together with Kuro, who appeared as if it’s
the most obvious thing in the world.

After I finished writing that much, I put down my pen and sighed.

I tried to write down what I had done to prepare for what I would write in my
diary but... Hmmm, thinking back on it again, too many things have happened in
the past three days. As I was pondering how to write all of these down, I heard
the sound of knocking on the door.

[Unnn? Yes, the door’s open.]

[.........]

[Sieg-san? Good evening.]

It was Sieg-san who came into the room, and she brought... a plate of something
that smelled delicious. Cookies?

[.........]

[Eh? Can I have them?]

[.........]

[Thank you. I was just getting a little hungry, so I’ll happily accept them.]

It seems that Sieg-san has come to share some of the stuff she created as a
hobby, cookies, and with a soft smile on her face, she placed the plate of
cookies on top of the table. When I took a bite in one, I dunno if it’s because
it’s as expected of Sieg-san or not, but the simple and gentle taste of the
cookie filled my mouth.

[It’s delicious. Sieg-san really is a skillful cook.]

[.........]

When I spoke words of praise, Sieg-san shook her head, looking a little
embarrassed. How should I say this... I guess that reaction of hers was just
like Sieg-san.

[.........]

[Eh? Ah, this? I was trying to compile the stuff that happened at the Sacred
Tree Festival to write in my diary... but it seems like I have quite a lot of
things to write about.]

[.........]

[Right. A lot of stuff really happened.]

Looking at Sieg-san seriously thinking about it before nodding, I smiled back.
How should I say this... Whenever I’m with Sieg-san, I feel at ease, perhaps
because of the gentle atmosphere around her. I quite like it, this leisurely
feeling.

[Sieg-san, is your shift about to start?]

[.........]

[I see, thank you for your hard work. Please do your best.]

[.........]

Sieg-san is in charge of the night security tonight, and she’s about to start
her shift. Sieg-san nodded with a happy smile at my words, before she left to do
her job. As for me... Unnn, it’s almost time for Kuro to come visit, so I guess
I’ll eat these cookies with her. Putting the pen and paper away in my desk
drawer, I began looking at the starry sky through the window.

...I hope tomorrow will also be a fun day...
