---
toc: true
---

# Intermission: Illness — Gratuitous Love

The Count-ranked Demon which was called the “Doomsday-Invoking Plague”,
Pandemonium... was an existence with common sense, which could even be said to
be rare among the Count-ranked Demons, where many people have distinctive
personalities because of their great power. Using her disease abilities that can
easily pierce through the True Blessings of High-ranking Gods, she has brought
many lives to their deaths. For this reason, she is often called by her second
name which gives others the impression that she’s a frightening villain.
However, it’s not like Pandemonium takes pleasure in killing others. She
wouldn’t take the lives of others unless it is necessary. If she is asked for
help, she will help as long as it doesn’t interfere with her duties. If someone
is suffering, she will give them what they need as much as she can. As such, for
a Count-ranked Demon with great strength, she had a very gentle personality.

However, there was one thing that she lacked greatly. She... had never felt
happiness before.

Pandemonium never had “any goal of wanting to do something”, nor did she have
“any dream of becoming something”.

She affiliated herself with the Phantasmal King Corps, and is one of its
executives... only because she was scouted by Shalltear, and for no other reason
than that. She doesn’t have any strong sense of loyalty to Shalltear. She
obediently follows orders, because for her who had no dreams or goals, following
someone else’s orders was an easy way to live...

And such a Pandemonium... has never lamented her lack of dreams and goals since
birth. She has never felt the need for happiness. She had asked herself some
questions like “I wonder what kind of emotion happiness is?”, but she had
concluded too easily that there was nothing wrong with not knowing it. The being
named Pandemonium is so empty... that helping someone and reaching out one’s
hand to someone is something she sees as normal, thinking that “doing such a
thing is common sense”...

Yes, if one had to describe her, Pandemonium is a being whose way of thought is
the extremity of common sense... She was a “puppet that operates based on the
standard called common sense”. She had never felt inconvenienced by it, and just
went about her day without a care in the world.

A turning point in the life of such a girl... came from a fateful meeting in the
year of the 100th Festival of Heroes. It was on the the 30th Day of the Heaven
Month that Lilia, the head of the Albert Duchy, whom she serves... and
infiltrated, performed the Hero Summoning. The first time she saw “that being”
was when Lilia called for a large number of servants to gather. And at that
moment, for the first time in her life, her heart was greatly shaken. If she
were to be honest, the words Lilia had spoken at that moment had not reached her
ears at all. At that moment, Pandemonium’s heart and eyes were glued to Miyama
Kaito.

—There is a being this beautiful in this world huh...

In a way, it was just a complete coincidence.

It’s not that Kaito had a particularly dazzling beauty. It was just his face,
his gestures, the atmosphere around him, and his magic power... were all too
much in line with the preferences of the being named Pandemonium. There is no
special reason to it. It’s just that when Pandemonium saw the being named Miyama
Kaito on that day... for the first time in her life, she had experienced
something called “love at first sight”.

And that’s really the only reason why she was so eager to become Kaito’s
exclusive maid. However, the fact that she had fallen in love and continued to
love Miyama Kaito... brought about an astonishing change in Pandemonium’s heart.
With the birth of love, brought another emotion within her mind... strong
“resentment”. She wondered what the servants in this mansion were thinking...
She wondered why her beloved person had to feel confined within the premises of
the mansion...

Kaito was here because he got caught up. Even though he should be pitied
instead, for him to be treated as if he was a tumor, she thought that there’s no
reason why he should suffer from this. Her actions from then on were extremely
swift. She had a lot of experience in infiltration missions and was highly
regarded by the servants in the mansion... making it easy for her to “guide
everyone’s thoughts”. Be that as it may, she really is only helping him. She
doesn’t directly convey Kaito’s greatness. That is because it will be good for
Kaito only if he wins their favor by himself. What she did was to erase the
prejudice of the servants against Kaito one by one through conversation, and to
make them clearly see Kaito by what kind of person he is.

For those who still had prejudice, she adjusted their work assignments and
working hours so that they wouldn’t encounter Kaito. Meanwhile, she continued to
put in good words for Kaito. Thanks to her efforts, by the time a month had
passed, there were few people in the mansion who thought badly of him, and the
mansion turned into a comfortable environment for him.

As if in proportion to this, the chances she had seeing Kaito’s smile also
increased... and she... Pandemonium understood the feeling of “happiness”.

There are many forms of love. Hers started with love at first sight, and the
love she had for Kaito... The essence of her heart which even Pandemonium
herself did not know, came to surface. The love that Pandemonium has... were
“devotion that asks nothing in return”. Even though it was love at first sight,
she loves Kaito with all her heart. However, she “doesn’t care if her love isn’t
rewarded”. She is more than happy to see Kaito’s smile, and her happiness is to
see Kaito happy...

Therefore, Pandemonium doesn’t tell Kaito what he should do. He will let Kaito
choose for himself and become happy for it. She believed that it is most
important not to point out to Kaito what path she thinks he should take...

Her role is to help Kaito when he is lost or troubled... Affirm him, support
him, push him forward when necessary, and help Kaito to make his own decision.

And if Kaito decides the way to go, she will pave the way so that it will be
easy for him to walk... That was the first goal and dream she got.

Walking through the corridors of the mansion, Pandemonium... Illness looked out
the window towards the garden of the mansion. There, she found Kaito, happily
playing with his pets. Seeing this, Illness smiled a truly happy smile. Seeing
her beloved person smile, she was in the midst of warm happiness... thinking
that she couldn’t be any happier than this...

[...Kuhihi.]

Just as there are many forms of love, there are also forms of happiness. At
least, for her, the current moment... she was feeling irreplaceable happiness.

Holding onto her gratuitous love, she will continue to be Kaito’s ally. Because
a happy future for Kaito is the place she should aim for...

That’s why she doesn’t express her own opinion in regards to what Shalltear is
trying to do. She is Kaito’s ally. Not just simply his ally, she is
unconditionally Kaito’s ally... She understands that just helping Kaito in a
straightforward manner doesn’t necessarily lead to Kaito’s happiness. In order
for Kaito to walk in the future he himself desires, together with the being
called Kuromueina... It is necessary for him to grow up.

However, that doesn’t mean she’ll allow Kaito to get hurt. Whenever Kaito is in
danger, and the people around him can’t do anything about it, she will fight for
him without hesitation. Therefore, she answered both yes and no to Ozma’s
question. As long as it doesn’t turn out to be a development where Kaito is
hurt, it would be best for Kaito to seize happiness by himself...

If Kaito... wanted her for him to achieve happiness, then she would happily give
herself to him. However, even if that weren’t the case, it doesn’t matter to
her.

All she wants is a happy future for Kaito... She doesn’t care if her love isn’t
rewarded. If Kaito wishes for it, she will stand by Kaito’s side... If he wishes
for it, she will stand behind Kaito... Devoting herself forever to him. No,
perhaps... there’s no point in even thinking about whether her love is rewarded
or not.

Pandemonium... Illness... will still love Kaito with all of her heart. However,
she wouldn’t ask for her love to be rewarded.

This is because... “as long as Kaito is happy, she feels that her love is
already being rewarded”...
