---
toc: true
---

# Epilogue

Under the light of the moon, a figure dressed in black appears in a certain
general store. The person takes one of the daggers hanging on the wall of the
general store, wraps a black cloth around it and then places it on the counter.
That is a sign for the hidden face of this general store owner... A sign of a
commission for a worker in the underworld.

[...A commission huh?]

The shopkeeper clad in a stuffed costume looks at the figure clad in black
before asking in a cold voice.

[...I want a certain person be abducted.]

[...Not kill, but abduct huh...]

[Yeah, he’s someone whose existence itself has worth.]

[Well, I suppose that depends on who it is and how much you’re paying.]

Following the stuffed costume wearing shopkeeper... Alice’s words, the
black-clad figure took out a paper with his target’s physiognomy and white gold
coins from his pocket, placing it on the counter.

[10 white gold coins as an advance payment... 30 white gold coins for your
success.]

[That’s quite the tasty treat... So, this person... is someone I’m not familiar
huh?]

[He’s not a being from this world. He’s a human from another world. His name is
“Miyama Kaito”.]

[Heehhh\~\~ An otherworlder huh... I see.]

To the words told by the black-clad figure, Alice replies to him indifferently,
without getting shaken at all. Thereupon, after looking at the physiognomy for a
while, she picks up the white gold coins.

[...I will accept it. When’s the deadline?]

[The sooner you can, the better... I need you to bring him to the place stated
there.]

[So, I’m not handing it over to you, but bring him here? Am I going to deal with
a pretty dangerous person here?]

[Here’s the information about him.]

Saying that, Alice flips through the proffered bundle of papers, and without
seeming to be bothered at all, she spoke.

[...Well, I don’t see any problem. Then, it’ll be done in a few days.]

[I’m counting on you.]

Hearing Alice’s words as she tells him that she’ll accept the request, the
black-clad figure turns away, as if to say he has nothing more to say, leaving
only those few words. After seeing the figure off, Alice looks at the paper with
Kaito’s face drawn on it and mutters to no one.

[...Well, this is one of the paths fate leads us huh... What a shame. I like
Kaito-san quite a bit but...]

After muttering to herself, Alice took a silver coin out from the counter and
flicked it upwards with her finger. Thereupon, the silver coin that was falling
due to gravity, before one knew it... was nailed on the wall, with a thin knife
pierced through it.

[You want to believe in me huh... Hey, Kaito-san? You really are strange... An
interesting person. That’s why, “I will miss you”... It’s a little sad. Well,
goodbyes are inevitable in life after all, so I suppose it can’t be helped.
Well, it’s just time for the curtains to fall. That’s all there is to it.]

What Alice had muttered “were words Kaito shouldn’t have spoken out loud”. The
eyes of the masked girl in the stuffed costume, illuminated by the light shining
through the window were... as cold as ice.
