---
toc: true
---

# Serious-senpai's Room: Act 4

In the waiting room exclusively to those treated unneeded in the main story...
Or rather, in the room exclusively for a certain person, the embodiment of the
concept of seriousness, Serious-senpai picked up the 4th Volume of “I was Caught
up in a Hero Summoning, but That World is at Peace”, and read through it just
like usual. The only thing that’s a little different from the usual today is
that there’s another person sitting across the table from the chair
Serious-senpai sits on. She doesn’t know how the being dressed in a somewhat
eerie cat costume was doing it, but that being is relaxing while sipping on a
cup of choccy milk, still wearing their cat costume.

[...Rather, what the heck are you doing here?!]

[Unnn? You talking about me?]

[Is there anyone else here?! Relaxing like you’re in your own room... Heck,
you’re appearing in the main story! This is the waiting room for characters who
don’t appear in the main story yet, so leave!]

[No, no, what are you talking about, me appearing in the main story? I’m just a
passing Alice-chan fan, just your “usual Transcendental Beauty”, “? ? ?”-chan,
you know?]

The self-proclaimed Alice fan ? ? ? ...Incidentally, it seems that you actually
read her name as “Hatena-chan”. Moreover, she totally has nothing to do with the
general store owner, Alice-chan that appears in the main story, and totally just
a fan. Of course, that was just what she herself proclaims...[^hatenachan]

[From the moment you first appeared, even those who aren’t web novel readers can
tell your true identity!]

[True identity? I wonder what you’re talking about?]

[Also, I’m saying this now, but you’re wearing a costume, so how the heck can
you proclaim yourself a beauty?!]

Just like a combi of a boke and a tsukkomi, Serious-senpai unleashed a sharp
tsukkomi against ? ? ? who was feigning ignorance. In response to such a
Serious-senpai, ? ? ? took a sip at her choccy milk before calmly responding.

[Well, putting that aside, please pass the baby castellas over there,
Serious-senpai.]

[Ah, unnn. Here.]

[Thanks.]

[I’ll say this now, those baby castellas have different flavors, and there are
some that are tasty and some that aren’t... Wait, the heck are you making me
do?! Leave!!!]

As expected of Serious-senpai, she makes use of her experience as a gag
character to make a good tsukkomi. And yet, the person herself insists that
she’s a serious character. And to such a Serious-senpai, ? ? ? doesn’t seem to
be particularly bothered as they responded in a relaxed tone.

[What’s with you, suddenly shouting at me? You one of those emotionally unstable
people?]

[Shaddup! Listen here, okay?! This is the corner where I, the most serious of
the serious in this series, introduces the highlights of the volume in an
easy-to-understand manner! Main story characters aren’t welcome here!]

[How surprising. I did read through the back covers of Volumes 1-3... but “I
haven’t read anything informative”, you know? I thought this is just a miserable
corner, where the only occupant is just venting around the sweet developments.]

[Ghaakk?!]

Receiving ? ? ? ‘s sharp tsukkomi, Serious-senpai crouched down. It seemed like
she herself is more or less aware of it, as the damage ? ? ?’s words dealt to
her was immense.

[I mean, in the first place... Serious-senpai was a “gag character”, you know?]

[Gfuuuh... Y-You’re wrong. I’m the embodiment of seriousness, the most serious
character of them all... I’m not a gag character! Not a gag character!!!]

[...Well, I’m sure something good will come for you later. Here, choccy milk
with lots of sugar.]

[Don’t console me! Rather, didn’t I tell you I hate sweet stuff?! Pretending
like you’re consoling me, but you’re totally harassing me!!! Just get lost
already!]

In response to ? ? ? ‘s aloof attitude, Serious-senpai shouted with tears in her
eyes. Thereupon, for some reason, ? ? ? exaggeratedly slumped her shoulders.

[...What a shame. Even though I went out of my way to bring some “black
coffee”... Well then, I’ll obediently leave.]

[Ah, wait! I lied! I lied, okay?! Gimme the black coffee! Please!!!]

Hearing that they brought her favorite sugar-free black coffee, Serious-senpai’s
attitude made a full 180° and she clung on ? ? ?. This is something the web
novel readers know... but these two are rather close. And just as usual,
Serious-senpai didn’t introduce Volume 4’s highlights again.

[^hatenachan]:
    The name "???" can be read as Hatena, literally means "Question mark"
    (Hatena-chan/Question mark-chan)
