---
template: afterword
---

# Afterword

For picking up the 7th Volume of “I was Caught up in a Hero Summoning, but That
World is at Peace”, thank you very much. In this volume, we have been introduced
to a character who, in a sense, marks a critical juncture in history, the former
Demon Lord, Vier. If the summoning to another world and meeting Kuro is the
prologue, and becoming lovers with Kuro was Part 1, you could say that Vier’s
story would be the main highlight of Part 2.

This time, I would like to talk about the newly introduced characters, including
Vier.

I guess I’ll start with Vier, the Demon Lord, but as one can see from her
description so far, she’s a member of Kuro’s family and is one of the family’s
oldest members. She adores Kuro very much and even imitates Kuro’s tone of
voice. Her personality is cheerful and kind, but one she gets her mind onto
something, she acts like a wild boar, rushing straight without thinking, and
with her being quite the klutz, she ends up causing problems sometimes. Even the
circumstances that led her to become the Demon Lord and attack the Human Realm
was also a rush of misunderstanding and assumptions. Such a Vier is closely
related to Funf, who also appears in this volume.

Funf is a character who still hasn’t appeared in the Web Novel, but appeared
quite early in the Light Novel. She’s somewhat similar to Vier in her
bigsisterliness. She and Funf were picked up by Kuro at about the same time, and
they lived together as very close sisters. Vier is a magic type and Funf is a
physical combat type, so their affinity seems good. She still regrets not
becoming aware of Vier’s suffering when Vier became the Demon Lord, and it seems
that she would be one of the key characters in Vier arc.

Another new character in this volume is Lunamaria’s mother, Noir. Unlike Vier
and Funf, she doesn’t have much to do with the main storyline, but since she’s
Lunamaria’s mother, it’s likely that she would appear often. She’s an anemic
half-vampire and the only widowed heroine in the novel. Yes... She’s a heroine.
When one thinks of a widow heroine, one would think that there would be some
sort of heavy storyline involved, but there’s nothing like that in this novel.
Noir states that she still loves her husband, and she has come to a clean
decision and isn’t afraid to have a new love life. In fact, Lunamaria is more of
a novice in that aspect and may end up desperately trying to stop her mother.

Well, that’s about all I have to say about the new characters. With the previous
volume, Volume 6, the story has reached a big turning point and is about to
enter a new arc. As the author, I would be more than happy if you could look
forward to future updates. Thank you very much for reading to the end.

I’m looking forward to seeing you again in the next afterword.
