---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 5: Funf

The 25th Day of the Earth month.

Acht and Eva came to visit me today, and we were chatting over tea in my room.
That’s when the topic turned towards my previous visit to Kuro’s house.

[I see, that day huh... It just so happened that we were out back then, too
bad.]

[That’s right. We would have liked to have invited you to visit our room, but
that will have to wait until your next visit. So, who was there that day?]

Agreeing with Acht that it was a shame she didn’t get to see me that day, Eva
asked.

[Errr, I met with Raz-san, Neun-san... Also, someone named Funf-san.]

[Heehhh... So you’ve met Sis Funf. Sis Funf is always at the gate, so it would
certainly be easy to meet her.]

Hearing my words, Eva nodded her head. Speaking of my memories of that day, I
can’t help but think of the fact that I learned of Neun-san that I shouldn’t
have known, but the first time I met Funf-san, one of Kuro’s family members, was
also a significant event.

[...Well, we just introduced ourselves and didn’t really talk that much.]

[Is that so? That would be a shame.]

[A shame? What do you mean, Acht?]

[Well, you see, Sister Funf is one of the most beloved members of our family.]

I really only introduced myself to Funf-sasn, so I didn’t know much about her
personality, but from the way Acht speaks, she seems to be a very popular person
within the family.

[Fumu fumu... Does that mean she’s a very strong person?]

[No, she certainly is strong, but more than that, she’s a person of character.
Sister Funf may be one of the oldest in the family, but she’s very kind and
caring.]

[Right, right! Whenever I come home, she always greets me with a “Welcome home”,
and if I’m in trouble, she’s always willing to talk to me about it.]

I don’t know if it’s just my imagination or not, but I feel like Eva’s
excitement has increased quite a bit. She looks happy, as if she’s talking about
someone she admires.

[Sis Funf is a bit petite, but she has a great style, she’s very good-natured,
and on top of that, she’s incredibly strong and kind... Haahhh... Even a woman
like me admires her. Sis Funf is also someone like a goal for me as a woman.]

[Pfft?!]

[...What is it, Acht?]

[N-No, it’s just... As expected, aren’t you aiming too high?]

[Shut up! I’m free to aspire to be what I want to be!]

From what I heard from the two of them, how should I say this... It seems like
Funf-san is everyone’s big sister. If the two of them were praising her that
much, I should have talked to her more.

[...Now, now, Eva, let’s calm down, okay? Even so, if she’s such an amazing
person, I’d like to talk to her at least once. Maybe I should go see her again
sometime?]

[That sounds great. Sis Funf is really kind, so I’m sure Kaito will like her
right away. She’s basically always guarding the gate, so if she’s not too busy,
it should be easy to meet her.]

Eva really seems to adore Funf-san, as when I said I’d like to meet her, she
enthusiastically recommended that I do so. I could feel her excitement from the
way her silver tail was wagging, and to be honest, I was a little overwhelmed.
However, my desire to visit Funf-san certainly had grown stronger. Based on my
past experience of having procrastinated doing this and that though, I think it
would be better if I act on something when I thought of it, and since Kuro’s
house is also registered in my Teleportation Magic Tool, I suppose I should go
visit tomorrow. Having this in mind, I went back to my conversation with Eva,
who kept on praising Funf-san, and Acht, who looked slightly astounded at her.

One night later, the 26th Day of the Earth month.

After finishing lunch, I arrived in front of Kuro’s house using my Teleportation
Magic Tool. There, I saw a huge gate, easily recognizable even from a distance,
and the giant robot... or rather, giant armor sitting in front of it. As soon as
I appeared from my teleportation, the giant armor... Funf-san approached me with
footsteps that sounded like earthquake, and undid her giant armor a few distance
in front of me.

[Oh my, welcome, Miyama-sama.]

[Good afternoon, Funf-san. I’m sorry for the sudden visit.]

[No, you are always welcome to visit us, Miyama-sama.]

As I was exchanging greetings with Funf-san, a thought occurred to me. How
should I say this... It’s just the same as before... but I think Funf-san is
being too polite... or rather, too formal with me.

[Thank you. Ummm, Funf-san... I forgot to mention this when we met before, but
you don’t have to add “-sama” to my name, you know? Also, you can just talk to
me in a way you’re comfortable with.]

[...Wouldn’t that... be disrespectful of me?]

This is just a hunch, but I don’t think Funf-san’s usual tone is as polite as
Ein-san’s. Perhaps, she is being more polite than necessary because I am the
lover of her matriarch, Kuro. As proof of this, she reaffirmed my suggestion to
her with a slightly perplexed expression on her face.

[It’s alright. Funf-san is probably concerned about the fact that I’m Kuro’s
lover... but I don’t have any special status without that, and I’m also much
younger than you.]

I don’t know how Funf-san feels about this, but for my part, I would rather
appreciate it if she spoke in a more casual tone. When I told her this with such
a thought in mind, she fell silent, looking as if she was thinking about it,
before a few moments later, she spoke with a smile on her face.

[...Unnn. In that case, I’ll take you up to your word then. That being the case,
can I call you Kaito?]

[Yes.]

[Thanks. Well then, once again... Welcome, Kaito. Good to see you again.]

Her voice, which had returned to her original tone, sounded somewhat gentle, and
just by looking at the smile on her face, I understood that she was a very kind
person, just as Acht and Eva had described her. I then told Funf-san the purpose
of my visit today... but I suddenly found myself at a loss for words.

[...Eh?]

[Unnn? Is something the matter?]

[...Err, ummm, if I wasn’t seeing things... Funf-san, “did the color of your
hair change just now”?]

The reason I was at a loss for words was that Funf-san’s hair, which was
supposed to be light pink, had somehow become blonde. Hearing the words of the
confused me, Funf-san looked shocked.

[...Could it be, my hair was pink just a moment ago?]

[Y-Yes, that’s right...]

[I see, so I really was feeling nervous huh.]

[U-Unnn?]

She was feeling nervous? Does Funf-san have a body constitution that makes it so
that her hair color changes when she gets nervous?

[Ahh~~, let’s see. How do I explain this... Have you ever seen Megiddo-sama’s
mane turn black?]

[Yes.]

[In that case, this will be easy to explain then. I have a constitution similar
to that of Megiddo-sama, and when I am clad in a potent amount of magic power,
my hair color changes in response. I guess it would be easier if I showed it to
you... Wait a moment, okay?]

Immediately after Funf-san told me this, her hair began to grow at a tremendous
rate. Her hair, which had been short, quickly became long enough to reach her
waist, which was then tied back in a single strand behind her waist.

[Eh? Eeehhhh?! Y-Your hair has grown longer now?]

[It’s not that it’s gotten longer, it’s more like it’s grown back. My original
hair length is this long, but hair as long as that gets in the way in battle, so
I keep it short when I’m guarding the gate.]

[I-I see.]

Come to think of it, Raz-san also changed the length of her hair from day to
night, so I guess some people can do that. Even so, it’s still surprising to see
it right in front of your eyes.

[Incidentally, the reason I returned it to this length is because it makes it
easier to understand. Well then, please watch me for a while.]

After giving me a soft smile, Funf-san told me to watch her and pointed to her
hair. Thereupon, from the root of her hair, her hair smoothly began turning
pink, and in just a few seconds, her long blonde hair had fully turned pink.

[W-Whoa...]

[Right? Interesting, isn’t it?]

[Well, how should I say this... Seeing it change like that really is
surprising.]

[Fufufu, well, this is a rather rare constitution even in the Demon Realm... By
the way, by changing my hair color like this...]

[It would?]

[...Well, other than the color, it doesn’t really change anything.]

[Ahh, so it’s really just a color change.]

[Hahaha, unnn. It’s not that magic power is greater, and rather, the person I’m
fighting will know that I’m ready for battle. Well, it isn’t really that much of
a demerit though.]

Seeing Funf-san wryly smiling, seemingly having fun, I couldn’t help but smile
as well. How should I say this... It’s very easy to talk to her... Perhaps, a
little bit just like Kuro. Then, after the both of us laughed, with a smile kept
on her face, Funf-san asked me the purpose of my visit.

[So, why have you come to visit today? Unfortunately, Kuromu-sama had gone to
visit her trading company, so she isn’t at home right now.]

[Ah, no, I came to visit Funf-san today.]

[Eh? Me?]

[Yes. I was interested in Funf-san.]

[...I see. I guess Kaito is more aggressive than I thought. Fufu, am I being hit
on? That’s the word for it, right? I’ve never experienced being hit on before
though, so this certainly made my heart skip a beat.]

[Ehh? Ah, no! Sorry! I just chose my words wrong!]

Hearing the words Funf-san said while giggling, I felt my face heat up. I chose
my words wrongly. Indeed, if I suddenly told a woman I just met twice that I’m
interested in her, she would mistake it as me hitting on her.

[U-Ummm, errr... I had talked with Acht and Eva before, and since I hadn’t had a
chance to talk to you before, I was hoping we could have a chat.]

[Fumu fumu, so you’re inviting me on a “date”, yes?]

[You’re wro... Funf-san... You’re teasing me on purpose, aren’t you?]

She continued saying outrageous things, so I hurriedly tried to clear up the
misunderstanding... but seeing Funf-san’s smile, seemingly having fun, I
understood. Funf-san didn’t misunderstand my words at all and was just slightly
teasing me...

[Ahaha, sorry, sorry. Kaito being all flustered was kinda cute, so I ended up
wanting to tease you.]

[Wha...]

[Well, besides, if you’re going to ask someone on a date, you’d prefer an
adorable woman, not a dull woman like me.]

Somehow, it feels embarrassing being called cute. After hearing her next words
though, I titled my head. A dull woman? Even Eva said that she admired her as a
woman... Perhaps, does Funf-san have a low self-esteem? In fact, she has a
well-defined face that seems to combine cuteness and beauty, a cheerful,
easy-spoken personality, a kindness that can even be felt from the atmosphere
around her, and, according to Eva, she is a good cook. And then, there’s her
good proportions, which can be seen because she wears a bodysuit,... Her breasts
are quite large, and her waist is so firm that if I’m not careful, you might end
up looking in that direction.

[Errr... We may not have exchanged that many words yet, but I think Funf-san is
a very attractive woman.]

[Eh? Y-You think so? It’s just, you see, I’m not really cute, and I think I’m
rather boorish and not that attractive as a woman...]

As I thought, she’s really humble, or rather, she has low self-esteem.

[Hmmm. I’m not really implying that my opinion is the consensus of all men, but
I do find you attractive.]

[Really? Fufu, thanks. Being told that makes me happy. That being the case, I
wonder if Kaito really is here to invite me to tea~~?]

[Uuuu... Errr, ummm, if Funf-san isn’t so busy, I’d certainly like to invite
you.]

[Unnn, I’d be delighted. I also would like to talk to Kaito more.]

This composed response, mixed with some teasing that doesn’t make the other
party feel uncomfortable and gets the conversation going... This certainly feels
like something a big sister would do.

[Well then, since you’ve come to visit us, I’ll invite you to my room. Wait a
moment, okay?]

When Funf-san told me this and lightly waved her hand, a number of metal objects
appeared in the empty space and they assembled together. A few moments later, a
giant armor like the robot sitting by the gate earlier had been completed...
That was so cool.

[...Auto-Control.]

Thereupon, Funf-san snapped her fingers and the giant armor walked off by itself
and sat in front of the castle gate.

[A-Amazing... That huge armor is moving automatically.]

[Unnn. Well, its combat power is less than when I’m manually operating it.]

[I heard that Funf-san is Neun-san’s teacher in magic, and seeing it in person,
it certainly makes sense.]

Neun-san’s magic apparently transforms her magic power into metal and other
materials. Although I had never seen her actually using such a magic, I heard
that the reason Neun-san doesn’t carry a weapon is because she uses her magic to
create it. And Funf-san created not just a weapon, but something the size of a
giant robot in an instant, and was even making it move automatically. She’s
probably a master at magic.

[A-Ahaha... I’m not really so good at magic.]

[Eh? Is that so?]

[Unnn. I certainly am good at materializing magic power, but overall, I don’t
have a lot of magic power I can use. My “sister” was better at that.]

[By sister... you mean someone who’s also part of Kuro’s family?]

When I asked her about it, Funf-san wryly smiled before explaining.

[Unnn. There was a girl who was picked up by Kuromu-sama at almost the same time
as I was... so she grew up like a sister to me. She was really good at magic.
Well, she didn’t really like fighting, so she only trained Recovery Magic and
other such magic.]

[Ahh, errr... I’m sorry. Was I not supposed to ask this?]

I could see it from the sad expression Funf-san had when she said this, but
there’s also the way she was saying it... She was describing her sister in past
tense. Perhaps, she may have been someone who is no longer in this world.

[...Ahh, I’m sorry. Did I make you feel bad from the way I said it? It was just
that she’s now independent and doesn’t live with us here in the house, so it
isn’t like what Kaito is probably worried about.]

[I-Is that so...]

[Fufu, I’m glad you worried though. That means Kaito is a kind child, right?]

Funf-san was kindly smiling, but somehow, it felt as if she was asking me not to
ask any more questions. There may have been some complicated circumstances
involved, and I don’t think it’s a topic I should go into any further.
Thereupon, a bright smile appeared on Funf-san’s lips again as she spoke.

[Well then, let’s go to my room.]

[Yes. Please excuse my intru—?!]

[Unnn? What’s the matter, Kaito?]

[Ahh, no, errr...]

I don’t think I was at fault for being at a loss for words and hurriedly looking
away from Funf-san. It had slipped away from my mind because of the heavy
atmosphere around us earlier, but Funf-san was wearing a bodysuit that clearly
showed the curves of her body. I had tried not to look at her directly earlier,
but when Funf-san walked in front of me to guide me towards her room and her
long blonde hair swayed about, almost as a conditioned reflex, my eyes turned
towards her well-shaped buttocks.

Once I became aware of it, I couldn’t help but be extremely conscious of it. I
had been trying not to properly look at her earlier, but my eyes couldn’t help
but roam towards Funf-san’s breasts as she turned to look towards me. I tried to
keep my cool, but before I could do that, Funf-san looked at my face before
looking at her body, before chuckling in amusement.

[...Perhaps, my clothing was bothering your mind?]

[I-I’m sorry.]

[Ahaha, no, I’m sorry for not being mindful. Well then... how about something
like this?]

With a snap of Funf-san’s finger, her body was enveloped in light and her attire
changed to something between a military uniform and a suit. How should I say
this... When Funf-san wears a suit-like outfit, she looks more mature, kind of
like a beautiful office lady. Then, when I nodded to her question if such an
outfit is alright, a smile... a slightly teasing smile appeared on Funf-san’s
lips.

[...Fufu, I guess Kaito is also a boy huh.]

[Ugghhh...]

With Funf-san brimming with bigsisterliness, I honestly don’t feel like I can
win against her... No, I have no idea what I’m competing against her with, but
my face is probably red right now, so I’d say it’s my loss.

Under Funf-san’s guidance, I arrived in her room, which was decorated in a
simple and calming manner. There were no gaudy interior decorations, but
instead, the room had a beautiful line of tables and sofas of subdued design.
The room had a mature feel to it, somewhat reminiscent of a high-class
apartment.

[You can sit wherever you like. Also, what do you want to drink, Kaito? I have
tea, coffee, juice... If you want, I also have some alcohol, you know?]

[Errr, in that case, can I have some coffee then?]

[Unnn. Hot coffee or iced coffee?]

[Errr, iced.]

After urging me to sit down, Funf-san, who was wearing an apron before I knew
it, headed for the kitchen. Left behind, I sat down in a chair and looked around
the room a bit. Hmmm, I wonder what this strange nervousness I’m feeling right
now...

While I was feeling strangely fidgety, feeling slightly restless within my
heart, Funf-san returned.

[Thank you for waiting, here’s an iced coffee and some cookies. The cookies come
in several flavors, so pick out what you like.]

![Insert 4](../../_Images/v07/Insert4.jpg#.insert)

[T-Thank you very much. Sorry for having to trouble you.]

[Fufu, you don’t have to be so formal. You can be casual with me.]

Telling me this in a gentle voice, Funf-san took the seat across from me.

[Ah, yes.]

The iced coffee and cookies were very tasty, and just as Eva said, Funf-san is a
great cook. We continued chatting for a while, before the topic of conversation
gradually turned to Funf-san herself.

[...Speaking of which, what does a gatekeeper do?]

[Hmmm, in my case, I think I deal with the visitors most of the time.]

[That sounds like a lot of work.]

In fact, I think it would be difficult to stand in front of a gate all day long.
You aren’t always sure if a visitor would come, but that doesn’t mean you can
relax either. As I was thinking about this, Funf-san shook her head with a
gentle smile on her face.

[That isn’t the case. I’m not usually at the gate all day long. With the
peaceful days around us, I won’t have to be on the lookout for sudden invaders,
and besides...]

[Besides?]

[I’m a gatekeeper because I like doing this. It lets me say “Take care” when
bidding my family goodbye, and “Welcome home” when they come back, so I love
this job.]

[...Funf-san, you really care about your family huh.]

How should I say this... I think I understand now why Eva and Acht adore her.
Even if I don’t use my Sympathy Magic, I can tell that Funf-san really cares
about her family.

[I am my family’s shield... That’s something I’m proud of from the bottom of my
heart. I want to protect everyone’s happy future... or something like that?
Ahaha, was I trying hard to look good there?]

[I don’t think so. I think it’s really cool that you can say that and mean it,
Funf-san.]

[...I see, thanks.]

After hearing my words, Funf-san happily smiled, and as we sipped on our coffee,
we talked about something else. As we continued happily chatting like that, a
knock came from the door.

[Unnn? I wonder who that is? The door’s open!]

[Excuse my intrusion. Funf-sama, if it’s possible, I would like to receive
train... Kaito-san?!]

[Arehh? Neun-san, good afternoon.]

[Good afternoon, I didn’t know you were here.]

It was Neun-san who came to the room, with only her helmet removed as usual.

Neun-san looked surprised to see me for a moment, then regained her composure
and greeted me back.

[Neun, have you come for the usual training?]

[Yes. I came here to ask Funf-sama to give me some training, but it seems like I
didn’t come at a good time. I will come again later.]

[Ahh, no, you don’t have to worry about me.]

It seems that Neun-san came to ask Funf-san for training. It wasn’t that
strange, since they had mentioned being a teacher and her student in terms of
magic. I had already had enough time to talk with Funf-san, and I told them it
would be fine if she prioritized Neun-san’s matters. Thereupon, Funf-san brought
her hand on her chin, seemingly thinking for a moment, and after a little while,
she spoke.

[...In that case, since we’re at it, why don’t you watch her training, Kaito?]

[Ehh? Is that alright?]

[Unnn. As I recall, magic doesn’t exist in that world, right? Then, I think you
would find it enjoyable watching it. Well, since neither Neun nor I are mainly
making use of magic as a means for battle, so it might not be as flashy as you
imagine.]

[That sounds intriguing. If you two are alright with it, by all means.]

This was an unexpected proposal, but frankly, I am quite interested. I would
especially like to see Neun-san, who is a legendary figure in this world, fight.
I know from the novels based on Neun-san’s great achievements that she mainly
uses a katana in her battles, but I have never seen her in action. I heard from
Raz-san that they battled a bit during the Sacred Tree Festival, but I was out
cold at that time...

[Unnn. Are you alright with that, Neun?]

[Yes, I don’t mind.]

[Alright then, let’s move to the training grounds.]

There’s even a training ground here huh. I don’t know if I should say that it’s
to be expected or not...

On the way to the training ground with Funf-san and Neun-san, I heard that the
training ground was built by Kuro. It was apparently made with a phase-shifted
spatial barrier that automatically repairs itself when it’s broken, and no
matter how powerful the attack is, the castle will not be broken. I can already
understand that it’s something extraordinary just by hearing about it, but well,
I think that you can just say that it’s to be expected from Kuro.

In the meantime, we arrived at training grounds and followed them through the
door. After feeling as if I passed through a thin membrane, I was immediately
confronted with a surprisingly large space. The space is like an empty
wilderness, but the size of the space is extraordinary... I was able to see the
horizon from where I stood. Magic really is mysterious.

[Well then, Kaito, you watch from here. I’ll make sure you’re properly protected
with a defensive barrier, so don’t worry.]

[Ah, yes. I understand.]

[Unnn. Well then, Neun. Shall we begin?]

[Yes! I’m in your care!]

After calling out to me, Funf-san and Neun-san moved to a distant location. Not
so much that I couldn’t see them, but they were still a good distance from me.
Thereupon, Funf-san snapped her finger, and she was once again dressed in a
bodysuit and her hair became short. However, her hair color remained golden, so
it doesn’t seem like she’s in a stance for battle.

[Well then, Neun, I’m ready when you are.]

[In that case... Here I go!]

As soon as the training began, something like a black mist appeared in
Neun-san’s hand, and in an instant, it turned into a Japanese katana. With her
stance lowered, she held her katana while it was sheathed... it’s that so-called
iai stance. Immediately after, I thought I saw a flash of light, but Neun-san
had already drawn her katana—and it was broken in half.

[...Unnn. The pace from activation to attack has become smoother than before.]

Speaking in a gentle voice, in Funf-san’s hand... was the other half of the
broken katana between her index and middle finger. Errr, it’s that, isn’t it?
Funf-san stopped Neun-san’s iai strike, which I couldn’t even see, with two
fingers and broke the katana...

[I can still fight!]

In front of the stunned me, Neun-san created several weapons in the air.
Katanas, swords, spears, axes, clubs... weapons of various kinds moved by
themselves, as if they had a will of their own, and flew towards Funf-san.
Unfortunately, the next scene isn’t something a mere human like me could see.
However, the fact that weapon remains were appearing one after another near
Funf-san’s feet... must mean that that was happening.

[...H-Hmmm. It was still soon though, so I’m not entirely sure,]

[Do you want a commentary from this reliable Transcendental Beauty?]

[Thanks, that would be great.]

If it had been just me, I wouldn’t have thought too much and concluded with “I
have no clue what’s happening”, but fortunately, Alice was nearby, who could
probably see this tremendous battle with her own eyes, so I decided to ask her
for a commentary. Hearing my words, Alice appeared and stood next to me and
began explaining what’s happening in the battle.

[Right now, Neun-san is on the offensive and Funf-san is on the defensive.
Neun-san is attacking with almost all her might, changing her attack pattern as
she makes a large number of weapons appear. However, it seems that Funf-san
still got plenty of composure as she destroyed the incoming weapons without
taking a single step.]

[Fumu, is there a significant difference in ability between Funf-san and
Neun-san?]

[Let’s see... Even if the both of them are “Count-rank”, there were still
differences among the people within that rank. Neun-san may have the strength of
a Count-rank, but she’d be around the middle among the Count-ranks. In contrast,
Funf-san is one of the few known as Peak Count-ranks... These Peak Count-ranks
were on the level of those called as Six Kings’ Executives, so there’s quite the
gap between the two.]

I see. This is the first time I have heard that Neun-san’s fighting ability is
on par with that of Count-ranks, but I guess even though both of them are
Count-ranks, that doesn’t mean the both of them have equal abilities. That
doesn’t mean Neun-san is weak at all though. Among the Count-ranks existing in
the vast Demon Realm, her strength is around the middle... Looking at it on a
global scale, that makes her more powerful than most of the people in the world.

[...Incidentally, how strong is Funf-san?]

[She’s considerably strong. Even I would need 15 seconds to beat her.]

[Is Funf-san, being amazing for Alice to need 15 seconds against her, supposed
to be a good explanation?]

[Yes, Funf-san is one of them gorilla fighters who stomp on everything on their
path like a human bullet, possessing power and speed that were off the charts.
She is capable of clearing an entire continent in a few minutes. Well,
Alice-chan is still much stronger than her though!!!]

[Stop with that smug look on your face.]

I can’t even imagine how absurd it is that she could clear a continent in a few
minutes... Does that mean that Alice, who’s even stronger than her, could
destroy the world in a few minutes?

...I feel like she could really do that.

[Well, they’re just training, so Funf-san is holding back against her. Ahh, it
looks like they’re swapping the offensive and defensive roles now.]

[Whoa...]

When I returned my gaze to the two after hearing Alice’s words, I heard Funf-san
and Neun-san stop fighting for a moment and began talking about something.

[Funf-sama! I’d like you to use that!]

[...H-Hmmm. I don’t think Neun is ready for that yet...]

[I should somehow be able to pull through against that today!]

[Hmmm.]

Neun-san kept on passionately appealing to her, and Funf-san looked somewhat
troubled as she thought about it.

[...Alice, what did they mean by “that”?]

[Neun-san probably wants Funf-san, who will now be on the offensive, to unleash
a powerful attack? It seems like Neun-san had a part of her that hates losing.]

I see. In other words, we have Neun-san who wants to defend herself against
Funf-san’s special move, and Funf-san who is hesitant to do so because she’s
afraid she might hurt Neun-san. The two then talked for a while, and then,
perhaps overwhelmed by Neun-san’s enthusiasm, Funf sighed and turned towards
Neun-san.

[...Haahhh... I understand. But if I think it’s dangerous, I’ll stop it
immediately.]

[Yes!]

Thereupon, Funf-san’s hair turned pink, showing that she was in a battle stance.

[...Airgetlam.]

As soon as she muttered this, two huge silver fists... No, two gauntlets several
meters long, emerged on both of Funf-san’s sides.

[Ohh, she brought out the Airgetlam... which means “that” would be the Desperado
huh.]

[Airgetlam? Desperado?]

[The Airgetlam are those silver arms floating in midair created with super-dense
magic power... It’s capable of smashing Orichalcon like tofu. Meanwhile,
Desperado is the name of a technique. Well, just watch. It’s quite the flashy
technique.]

Immediately after Alice explained this to me, Funf-san leaped high into the air.
Then, as Funf-san prepared to strike while in midair, dozens... no, hundreds of
Airgetlam appeared around her.

[Airgetlam Desperado.]

With those words, fists rained down from the sky towards Neun-san. How should I
describe it? An assault that sounded like a bombardment, my vision was instantly
obscured by a cloud of dust. The sound of explosions echoed for a few seconds,
before it suddenly stopped. A little later, when the smoke cleared up, Funf-san
was standing at the end of my vision, and one of the large number of floating
Airgetlams opened up its hand... and Neun-san came out of it.

[...Uuuu, it still didn’t work.]

[No, you did great. Not many people can withstand my Desperado for five
seconds.]

[N-Next time...]

[Ahaha, you have splendid motivation, but that’s all for today.]

It was too awesome for me to understand. But from what I heard, it sounded like
Neun-san withstood that rain of fists for five seconds, but she couldn’t take it
anymore and was overwhelmed.

[Well then, it looks like it’s over, so Alice-chan will hide myself again.]

[Ah, unnn. Thanks for the commentary.]

[No, no, call me again if you need me.]

After thanking Alice for her help, I see her off as she grasped that the
training was over and was about to disappear. How should I say this... She
really is a very dependable fellow. After their training was over, I listened to
Funf-san and Neun-san talked a little about what they reflected this time, and
after I thanked Neun-san and saw her off, I left the training grounds along with
Funf-san.

[...Sorry, Kaito. I made you wait for so long, weren’t you bored?]

[No, I enjoyed it more spectacularly than I expected, and it wasn’t boring at
all.]

[I see... Thanks.]

Alice’s commentary at various points of the battle were helpful, but more than
that, the battles using magic were very exciting, and I enjoyed them even if I
didn’t really understand what was going on.

[Even so, Funf-san is really strong huh.]

[You think so? Well, I’ve lived for a considerably long time and have plenty of
combat experience.]

[Come to think of it, I remember hearing that Funf-san is one of the oldest in
the family...]

[O-Oldest... Kaito, I’m a woman, you know? Being told I’m old like that, you
hurt my feelings~~]

[Ah, n-no! I’m sorry! I didn’t mean it like that!]

I chose my words wrongly. I did hear that it’s considered impolite to talk about
one’s age to a woman, and it would be better if I was a bit more roundabout
about it here. As I hurriedly tried to make a follow up explanation, Funf-san
smiled, as if she just made a successful prank.

[...Just kidding. I’m lying, I don’t really mind stuff like that.]

[Funf-san?!]

[Ahaha, sorry.]

Funf-san is definitely a nice and gentle person. But sometimes, she teases me
like this, so she may be a bit mean... No, it’s not like her pranks make me feel
uncomfortable, and she immediately apologizes after doing it, so it doesn’t drag
out afterwards. In a way, it’s kind of like a way of communicating for Funf-san.

[So, once again, as we were talking earlier... Just as Kaito said, I’m indeed
one of the oldest in the family. Among the people living in this castle right
now... I would be the third oldest, only younger than Sister Ein and Sister
Zwei.]

[...Zwei-san?]

[Arehh? Have you not met Sister Zwei yet?]

[Yes, I have met Ein-san but...]

When I tilted my head at the mention of the unfamiliar name “Zwei-san”, Funf-san
looked a little surprised and explained.

[As I mentioned before, Sister Zwei is the second oldest person living in this
castle after Sister Ein... She usually manages the land that was nominally in
Kuromu-sama’s possession. You see, Kuromu-sama really dislikes doing things like
that, so in her stead, she’s acting as something like a Feudal Lord.]

[How should I say this... It sounds like she’s a very capable person.]

[Unnn. Sister Zwei is very precise with her work, so she’s amazing at it. Well,
that keeps her pretty busy working, so she only comes home every few days.]

[I see... but, arehh? Then, that should mean it’s not strange that I’ve never
met her, right?]

From what I have heard, Zwei-san has the image of a capable career woman, and
she is quite busy. Even in the vast Demon Realm, Kuro nominally owns a large
area of land as one of the Six Kings, and I think it must be really hard to
manage all that. However, what I was curious about was Funf-san’s reaction when
I told her earlier that I had never met Zwei-san... about why she looked very
surprised.

[Eh? Ahh, unnn! You’re right! Sorry, I misunderstood.]

[Unnn? Huh...]

[Now, since we still have time, let’s go back to my room and chat some more. I’d
like to hear more about you, Kaito.]

[Ahh, yes. I understand.]

I wonder what this was about? Her reaction feels a bit strange, but it seems
that she doesn’t want me to go into this topic, so I will stop minding about
this matter today. Anyhow... I wonder what kind of person Zwei-san is?

I hope I’ll get the opportunity to meet her someday...

---

Seeing Kaito walking forth without asking any further questions even though he
looked a little curious, Funf was relieved.

(...Sister Zwei. Even though “you praise Kaito so highly”, you still hadn’t even
met him yet.)

Thinking about her earlier exchange with Kaito, Funf recalled a conversation she
had with her elder sister not long ago.

———Sister Zwei. You seem really happy today.

———Ahh, Funf. Yes, look at this.

———A portrait? Errr, this is Miyama Kaito-sama, right?

Zwei, for whom the word “calm and collected” usually suits her, was talking
about Kaito in an unusually excited manner. In a tone so feverish that it felt
as if she was a maiden in love...

———Yes, that’s right! He’s the great gentleman who saved Kuromu-sama! Please
look at this. This is a portrait, so it’s not perfect, but don’t you think he’s
beautiful not just in heart, but also in appearance?

———H-Hmmm. I suppose. He seemed like a kind child.

———Yes, there’s no doubt that he has a heart as pure as a clear stream, but his
appearance, which seemed to condense all the beauty of this world, is also
wonderful. If it’s possible, I would have liked to frame this portrait and keep
it in our treasury... but Ein stopped me.

———U-Unnn. I-Is that so?

Zwei, just like Ein, holds deep respect and affection for Kuromueina, and at the
same time, she feels herself worthless for not being able to save Kuromueina,
even though she is aware of her problems. That is why the man who saved
Kuromueina was like a savior to her, and in just a few days, her overflowing
gratitude has risen to the level of worship. And so... Funf, who had heard so
much about Kaito’s greatness from her, thought Zwei, just like Ein did, had
visited Kaito to thank him. That is why she was surprised when she found out
that Kaito had never met Zwei... In fact, there was a reason for this that Funf
was unaware of.

Zwei is a perfectionist who doesn’t like to compromise. She thought that she had
to prepare the best hospitality and make herself perfectly presentable before
she could meet Kaito. Yes, the reason why Zwei has not yet met Kaito... was that
she was preparing all sorts of things, such as perfume and clothes she is having
newly created just for meeting Kaito and the present she’s going to give to him.

(...Hmmm. It was the first time Sister Ein talked about someone so passionately,
so I’m a little worried... Should I tell Sister Ein about this?)

However, there’s something that such a Funf doesn’t know about. She doesn’t know
that Ein, whom she consults with the intention of having her as Zwei’s stopped
in case she acts recklessly, is also as enthusiastic towards Kaito, at a level
that could be described as fanaticism...

---

We returned to Funf-san’s room and had a pleasant chat again, but it was about
time I went home. Gratefully accepting Funf-san’s offer to walk me to the gate,
together we walked through the castle’s corridors.

[Funf-san, thank you for everything today.]

[No, I also enjoyed talking with Kaito.]

However, even though we should have talked for quite a long time, it felt like
time just flew by. As she was often consulted by her family, it seems like
Funf-san is a good conversationalist. She would not only listen to what I had to
say, but she would also tell me her own stories when the time was right, mixing
in jokes here and there.

[I guess she really feels like an adult lady.]

[U-Unnn? Adult lady?]

[When my drink was running low, she would gently offer to refill it before it
ran out, and she was very attentive and warm, making me feel very comfortable
talking to her.]

[Ahh, errr... Kaito?]

[I can understand why Acht and Eva praise her about it. She’s beautiful, kind,
has a great personality, and I really think she’s an extraordinarily attractive
woman.]

[...T-That’s not... the case at all... you know?]

[She’s so attractive that I’m feeling reluctant parting ways like this.]

[Wait, Kaito! Stop! Stoooooop!!!]

[Most of all—Eh?]

As I walked along while thinking all those things, for some reason, Funf-san cut
in front of me with a face blushing red.

[I’m glad you’re praising me that much... but as expected, I’d feel embarrassed,
okay?]

[...Eh?]

[N-No, like I said, being called beautiful and kind is just...]

[...Errr, Funf-san. Can I ask you something?]

[U-Unnn?]

[At one point did I start saying that out loud?]

[Starting with... I guess she really feels like an adult lady...?]

[.........]

I’ve done it... I went and freaking done it. I-I never thought I was actually
speaking that out loud... Ahh, this is bad, this isn’t just on a level where I’m
feeling embarrassed. I seriously feel like my face is going to burn from the
heat on my cheeks.

[Ah, no, that was...]

[U-Unnn. I understand. Kaito is kind, so you complimented me on many things.
Ahaha, that’s the first time anyone’s ever said anything like that to me, so I
was flattered.]

As I thought, Funf-san really has low self-esteem, and it seemed like she thinks
that I had been flattering her because I was being considerate of her. To be
honest, I felt like saying this would just add up to my embarrassment, but I
don’t feel comfortable nodding to her words. That being the case...

[...No, ummm, I feel embarrassed knowing that I accidentally said that out loud,
but I meant what I said earlier.]

[Eh? E-Eeeehhh?!]

[Thanks to Funf-san, I had a really good time today. Thank you very much.]

My plan was to end the conversation somewhat forcefully by saying that what I
had just said wasn’t flattery, but my true feelings. Upon hearing my words,
Funf-san looked at me with a rather puzzled expression on her face, before
taking a deep breath and giving me a smile.

[...I see, unnn. I’m glad Kaito enjoyed your time here. Besides, I had a lot of
fun too. If there’s another opportunity, let’s hang out like this again.]

[Yes.]

[Ahh, and also...]

Pausing for a moment, a broad smile then appears on Funf-san’s lips as she
continues.

[I think it’s really cool when a boy can firmly give a girl a compliment. That’s
why... thanks!]

Her smile was so dazzling that it couldn’t be helped if one became speechless
looking at her.
