---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 1: A Flower of Love for the Lonely Girl

The 13th Day of the Earth month.

Morning time, it was still a little early for breakfast, and I’m currently...
troubled about something.

[...Kaito-kun?]

Kuro, who was sitting on my lap with a bag of baby castellas (today’s
cream-filled) in hand, seemed to have noticed this and asked. Feeling somewhat
nervous under Kuro’s gaze, I spoke.

[...There’s actually something I need to tell you, Kuro.]

[Unnn?]

Currently, what I have in mind was... yes, it’s Isis-san. I got a confession
from Isis-san and my response to her was put on hold. Being a Japanese, I feel
like I should decline Isis-san’s confession because I now have a girlfriend
named Kuro.

...However, rejecting Isis-san, who holds such straightforward feelings towards
me... isn’t something I want to do. The important factor here is the common
sense of this world. In this world, polygamy is the norm and men marry more than
one woman. However, that isn’t just something I can accept and get used to, and
that’s why I’m having a hard time with this.

And above all, if I were to accept polygamy and respond to Isis-san’s
feelings... I was concerned about what Kuro would think. It takes quite the
courage to speak up about this matter, but not telling her about this isn’t an
option. So, while I was alone with Kuro, I decided to tell her about Isis-san’s
confession, my pending response... and my feelings towards Isis-san, who I began
becoming attracted to. I was quite nervous as I awkwardly explained the
situation to her, but Kuro did not interrupt me and continued to listen in
silence. After I finished telling her the whole story, I let out a calm sigh.

[...That’s how it is so... Errr, Kuro... What do you think?]

Feeling as if I was a defendant waiting for the judge’s verdict, I asked her...
to which Kuro faced me with a smile.

[That’s nice! To be liked by Isis that much, as expected of Kaito-kun!]

[...Eh?]

Arehh? Her reaction’s kinda different from what I had expected. I thought I’d be
scolded for being unfaithful or something like that but... doesn’t it seem like
she’s pleased instead?

[K-Kuro... Are you okay with that?]

[Eh? About what?]

[L-Like I said, e-even though I’m lovers with Kuro... don’t you feel like being
in love with Isis-san too is being unfaithful...]

[Why? If Kaito-kun and Isis became lovers, I would be happy too... Ah, I see...
Come to think of it...]

Kuro tilted her head, seemingly not understanding what I was talking about, but
then something seemed to occur to her, as she put her hand on her chin and began
to think. After a moment of silence, Kuro turned her gaze back to me again and
spoke.

[...If I remember correctly, it’s normal to marry only one person in Kaito-kun’s
world, right?]

[Y-Yeah.]

Of course, there have been instances of people having a second marriage, and
there may even be polygamy in other countriese... but at least, in Japan where I
have lived, monogamy was the norm.

When Kuro confirmed that I nodded, she crossed her arms and tilted her head.

[Hmmm... I see. So that’s what you’re worrying about...]

[...So, I thought I’d ask Kuro’s opinion.]

[...I don’t know much about Kaito-kun’s world because I’ve only heard about it
from Shiro and the people who used to play the role of Hero but... Hmmm.
Kaito-kun, did you know that boys here marry more than one girl?]

[Yeah.]

[I’ve lived in this world my whole life. I can’t help but think in terms of the
common sense of this world, and since Kaito-kun is the first lover I’ve ever
had, I don’t think I can give you much advice about this matter. Sorry.]

Kuro knows a certain amount of things about my world, and she seems to have
guessed right away what I’m troubled about. However, since Kuro is a resident of
this world, she seems to have a way of thinking that is more in line with this
world. It’s true that my way of thinking is more inclined by the norms of my
original world, so I understand how she feels... but it seems that the way we
perceive love and marriage really is different.

[...This is just for example... but if I already have a lover named Kuro, but I
also fell in love with Isis-san and went out with her... no, if I were to marry
a lot more girls than that... How would you feel, Kuro?]

[Of course, I’ll be happy.]

[Y-You’ll be happy?]

[Unnn. I mean, look, that just means my beloved Kaito-kun is a wonderful boy who
is loved by many other children, right?]

[.........]

Our way of thinking really is different. From how I see it, dating more than one
woman is being unfaithful, but for the people of this world, it seems to be
something like a status factor and having more lovers isn’t a matter to be
jealous about. I still don’t know if the other people in this world think about
this too, or if it’s just Kuro who thinks this way. I suppose it would be better
to ask around and see what other people have to say about this.

---

[...And so, that’s why I was consulting you...]

[E-Errr, Kaito-san? Since when are you dating Underworld King-sama?]

[...Just the other day.]

[I-Is that so, congratulations.]

I’m currently standing before Sieg-san, who had a puzzled expression on her
face. I thought I’d like to hear other people’s opinions as well, so after Kuro
went home, I thought I’d visit Sieg-san, explaining the situation to her, I
asked her about her opinion.

[So, if it’s alright with you, I was wondering if you’d be willing to share your
opinion...]

[E-Errr... Why me?]

[Errr, Sieg-san seems like a mature woman, so I thought you would be able to
give me some good answers if I consult you about it...]

[I-I see... but much less a lover, I’ve only had a first love just recently...]

[...Eh? Sorry. The latter half of your words are kinda muffled, so I couldn’t
quite hear you.]

[I-It’s nothing!]

I’m not sure if my question was too abrupt or not, but Sieg-san looks kind of
troubled. Of course, I don’t intend to force her to answer about all sorts of
stuff, but the first person who came to my mind when I thought of someone I can
talk to was Sieg-san.

[Of course, I still intend to figure it out on my own in the end, but if
possible, I’d like to discuss it with you for a bit... I’d like to have some
advice...]

[L-Let’s see. Errr...]

[Sieg-san?]

[N-No, errr... The difference in common sense between your world and Kaito-san’s
world, it may have been partly due to the fact that there are many women in this
world, but I think it’s also due to the fact that there are many long-lived
species existing here, just like my kin.]

I see, there certainly are many people in this world like the elves who are
long-lived... and even those who didn’t have the concept of life span at all.
That’s also probably why other than the Humans in this world, the people of this
world are quite calm in regards to the flow of time. Even if you’re married to
many women, they must have some kind of wider range of senses in terms like how
long they haven’t talked for a long time and how they haven’t seen each other
lately.

[Of course, exceptions do exist. For example, my father was only married to my
mother... but people like him are quite rare. In fact, people even call my
father an eccentric for it.]

[...I see.]

[I also greatly feel like men are supposed to marry lots of women.]

I guess that’s really something that is obvious for the people in this world
huh. Hmmm, I wonder if it’s okay to like Isis-san too, without worrying about
it? No, it would be like putting the cart before the horse if I just decided to
be ambiguous about it and end up making Kuro and Isis-san sad, so let’s not
slacken and properly think about it.

[...There’s something I’d like to ask, just for reference though...]

[Yes, what is it?]

[If, for example... This is just for example, but if Sieg-san and I were
lovers...]

[T-That would make me happ?! N-No, please continue!]

I decided to ask Sieg-san the same question I had asked Kuro.

[And even though we’re lovers, I was loved by another woman, and I also love
that woman, how would Sieg-san feel?]

[I would be very delighted to see that Kaito-san is liked by a lot of women...]

It seems that is really what she would think huh. The idea that it’s pleasing
for a man to be liked by a lot of women isn’t just Kuro’s, as Sieg-san also
seems to have the same thoughts, and I felt a little bit comforted after hearing
that.

[Thank you very much. Hearing your thoughts really helps me.]

[No, no... It’s just if you want to ask for advice for that, wouldn’t it be
better for Kaito-san to ask for the opinion of the same gender?]

[I see! You’re right, thank you very much! As I thought, I’m glad I talked to
Sieg-san about it.]

[It’s not that big of a deal.]

Indeed, if you’re going to talk about these kinds of problems, it’s easier to
talk about various things in depth with someone of the same gender. And just as
I heard her mention it, I thought of the best person to talk to. That’s right.
Let’s consult with Orchid... Orchid is married, have a gentle demeanor and is
easy to talk to. I wanted to consult with Orchid as soon as possible, so I was
thinking about checking Orchid’s schedule, when I heard Sieg-san quietly mutter
something which I couldn’t quite catch.

[...This could also be a chance for me... I-I suppose... I really should be a
little more proactive huh.]

Regarding my reply to Isis-san’s confession and the difference in common sense
between my world and this world... At Sieg-san’s suggestion, I came to visit the
royal palace to consult Orchid, someone of the same gender. I’m sure he must be
busy with lots of things because of his status as the First Prince, but to my
surprise, he made time for me that afternoon immediately after I sent him a
hummingbird. I can’t thank Orchid enough for this.

[...I see, I think I can understand what Kaito is troubled about.]

I told Orchid the same explanation I gave to Sieg-san, in a tasteful private
room that isn’t lavishly decorated with all sorts of stuff, but is simple and
elegant. Thereupon, Orchid told me he understood what I’m troubled about, but he
looks like he heard something complicated.

[I wonder what I should tell you though? To be honest, I think cultural
differences are a big part of it.]

[Unnn, I honestly don’t know what to do...]

[Kaito may know about this already, but I have been married to three women. One
is a human, one is elven and the other is a half-elf.]

I knew that Orchid had three wives, but I didn’t exactly know much about them.
All of them technically seem to be of different species but... I wonder if the
relationship between his fellow wives doesn’t get stormy? When I asked him about
that, Orchid calmly smiled and shook his head.

[No, my wives are all very close to each other. So close that I even feel like
I’m being the odd man out when I’m together with them... Well, we are talking
about beings that possess a heart here, there are people who they would be
agreeable with and people they don’t but... I don’t think jealousy is within
their hearts.]

[Wouldn’t that be... because Orchid loves everyone probably?]

[...I-It might be embarrassing for me to say this, but it might certainly be as
you said. In the public’s eyes, there’s a clear distinction between the
standpoint of the legal wife and the concubines but... I don’t see the point of
having differences in showing my love for them.

[...I see.]

There’s no point in having differences huh. It certainly may be as he said, and
that could possibly be the biggest difference in their mindset compared to the
mindset of the people of my world. In this world, you don’t have to choose
one... or even make distinctions of who is number one. It’s an open-minded world
where the idea of liking everyone is accepted, so there’s no need to have
differences in treatments and fellow wives wouldn’t have stormy relationships
with each other.

[...Though I say all that, I’m also still inexperienced with this topic. I may
not be able to give Kaito solid advice... That’s why, how about we ask Father
about it?]

[Ryze-san?]

[Yes, Father has 10 wives and he has a good relationship with his spouses... I
think you can get better advice from him than I can.]

Ryze-san has 10 wives?! T-That’s amazing... No, he certainly looks like an
ikemen, he’s also a king, so I guess he would obviously be popular huh...

After announcing this, Orchid rings a small bell on his desk. Thereupon, a
butler came into the room and asked the butler to give a message to Ryze-san.
The butler immediately bowed and left the room, and returned about 10 minutes
later. Thankfully, Ryze-san seemed to have responded that if we’re fine with
talking with him while he’s doing his official duties, he could talk with us, so
along with Orchid, we decided to head to Ryze-san’s office.

Walking down the wide royal corridor, we arrived at Ryze-san’s office, which is
located almost at the far end of the hallway. After Orchid knocked and asked
permission to enter, we entered and saw Ryze-san sitting in front of a desk with
a large stack of papers, moving his pen and occasionally stamping with his seal.

[Excuse me. I’m sorry to bother you at this time.]

Seeing Ryze-san who looked busy, I called out to him and apologized for
intruding, and he welcomed me with a gentle smile on his face.

[Ahh, welcome, Miyama-kun. I’m sorry for not being able to offer you some great
hospitality... So? What is it that you wanted to talk about?]

[Ah, yes. Actually...]

He said he would listen to me while he’s doing his work, so I told him the same
thing I just told Orchid.

[...And that’s why I’m feeling troubled...]

[...Fumu.]

When I finished speaking, Ryze-san stopped his pen and looked towards me. And
then, putting his hand on his chin, looking as if he’s thinking about it, and
seeing this, Orchid takes a step forward and speaks.

[What do you think, Father?]

[...What do I think... I don’t even know why you’re so troubled about it.]

[...Father?]

[Ahh, no, I’m sorry. It’s not that I’m saying Miyama-kun’s worries were
mistaken. We’re in a different world with different cultures, so I think it’s
only natural to be troubled by such differences... However, shouldn’t you be
more bothered by “other things” right now?]

[...Eh?]

Hearing what Ryze-san amiably told me, I tilted my head. I should be more
bothered by other things? What did he mean by that?

[...Miyama-kun, what you need to prioritize right now isn’t the difference
between your previous world and the one you were currently in, but rather, how
you, yourself, “feel” about that person and “what kind of relationship you want
to have in the future”... Isn’t that so?]

[?!]

Hearing those words, I felt like a hammer had just struck me right on my head. I
thought of Isis-san’s face as she told me she would wait for my answer for as
long as she could. It’s as Ryze-san said. My priority right now should be how I
feel about Isis-san...

Seeing me stunned, Ryze-san chuckles before he lightly scratches his own head.

[...I’ve also been there myself, and let me tell you, the time between
confession and waiting for the response isn’t a pleasant one to be in. I don’t
know who this person who has feelings for you, and I wouldn’t ask but... Don’t
you think she must be feeling uneasy inside?]

[.........]

[I understand that you are being sincere. However, I think that you are still
young... Sometimes, I think it would be better if you forcibly pulled the woman
to you. Well, these are only the things I could tell you other than about the
differences between the different worlds... But doesn’t it seem like you already
have budding feelings for this woman?]

[...Yes.]

Perhaps, I was just running away. I may just be using the difference between the
common sense of my world and this world as an excuse... Perhaps, I was trying to
distract myself from Isis-san’s presence, which was growing in my mind. And by
bringing up the differences between the world I was in and the world I’m
currently in towards the discussion... What I had in mind... was just for
someone to affirm my thoughts and encourage me to move forward.

[...I will be rooting for you, Miyama-kun.]

[...Ryze-san.]

[If you were thinking about that, you must have already decided what to do with
yourself, right? Then, you should take the path that you think is best for you.
If you love this person, then you can just walk beside them and fill up the
discrepancies within your awareness.]

[Yes!]

I nodded, feeling really grateful for the words that gently, but powerfully
pushed my back, as if they could see right through my heart. I’m glad I
consulted with him. Just as I’m feeling that way, with a calm expression on his
face, Ryze-san continues to speak.

[...Please make Lilianne happy.]

[Yes... Eh? Lilia-san?]

[...Oya? A-Am I mistaken? I was certain that...]

Seeing me tilting my head at what he said, Ryze-san looks as if something was
different from what he expected. Could it be that he thought that the one I was
talking about all this time was Lilia-san?

[...Errr, I wasn’t talking about Lilia-san though...]

[...I-I see...]

[...Just when I thought Father was being unusually reliable... I see, so you
thought it was about Elder Sister Lilia huh.]

[N-No, I mean, isn’t Lilianne charming?! There’s no way a man could live under
the same roof with a woman and not be in love with her!]

[...Father.]

I wholeheartedly agree that Lilia-san is charming but... Unnn, I wonder how I
should think about this... I feel like the mask of the reliable adult that I was
relying on earlier has been completely destroyed...

[...I-I see! You must be dwarfed by the difference between your social status,
right? However, it’s alright, Miyama-kun! I’m on your side!]

[...N-No, like I said...]

[...Or could it be, don’t tell me... Lilianne... That cuteness incarnate
Lilianne... You don’t see her as a love interest...?]

[Y-Y-Y-Yes?! I-I-I think that Lilia-san is a very lovely woman.]

I feel like a switch has just been turned on... More specifically, I think I
just triggered his siscon switch.

[Isn’t she? You’re right about that... Lilianne doesn’t seem to hate you either,
so I guess the day I will see that girl wearing a bridal gown is soon huh...]

[Father, Father... I don’t think that’s something that unrelated people like us
should be getting impatient about...]

[Mngghh, it certainly is as you say. I guess I’m being too far ahead of myself
huh... However, there’s no cuter girl than Lilianne, is there? For her to brush
Lilianne aside and express her feelings to Miyama-kun... I’m sorry, even though
I said I wouldn’t ask you earlier, but may I ask you who has feelings for you,
Miyama-kun?]

[Eh? Ah, yes. It’s Isis-san... Death King-sama, I mean.]

[ [ Please accept my apologies! ] ]

[Why?! Even you, Orchid?!]

As if another switch had been completely flipped, when I told Ryze-san about
Isis-san, the person in question... For some reason, Ryze-san and Orchid both
made a really beautiful dogeza.

[M-M-Miyama-kun. I take back what I said earlier. I-I think Death King-sama is a
really magnificent woman... A true incarnation of beauty. You definitely suit
each other!]

[...Errr...]

It’s not that anyone is watching, but Ryze-san hurriedly began to explain
himself... He must really be scared of Isis-san. He’s shaking so badly that I
feel sorry for him. I mean, it’s not like they said anything rude, and it’s not
like I’m going to tell Isis-san what they just said though. Well, anyway, I now
have a solid idea of what I need to think about now—It’s about what kind of
relationship I want to have with Isis-san.

---

The night had fallen, and it can be said that it was already midnight. Normally,
I would already be asleep by now, but I was lying in bed, staring at the dark
ceiling. It isn’t that... I can’t fall asleep. But right now, I still couldn’t
bring myself to sleep. Ryze-san told me that I should prioritize what I think
about how I feel about Isis-san and think about what kind of relationship I want
to have with her in the future... and I’ve been thinking about that for a long
time.

When I first met Isis-san... I was scared of her.

A mysterious and frightening being that is beyond my common sense... I may have
realized that it was because of her magic power of death, but I was almost
caught off guard at that time, and I shuddered from the fear I couldn’t
comprehend. However, I fortunately have the power of my Sympathy Magic, and
thanks to that, the loneliness deep within Isis-san’s heart... I was able to
slightly sense it. Perhaps, if I hadn’t met Kuro and she hadn’t saved me... I
probably wouldn’t have reached out my hand to her. I would probably be
shamefully running in fear. However, what actually happened was that I met Kuro
and was saved by her, and because I regained my courage to step forward, I was
able to reach out to Isis-san’s hand in spite of my fear.

...Looking back at it, Isis-san may be the first person I’ve ever tried to get
involved with on my own.

And, when I held Isis-san’s hand and introduced myself to her... She confessed
to me. Because it was the first time in my life that I had ever been confessed
to, I was half-confused at that time and to be honest, I didn’t really take her
confession seriously. After that, Isis-san and I became friends, and afterwards,
I learned that Isis-san is the Death King and that she possesses the magic power
of death. But at that time, Isis-san was no longer a scary person to me, so I
couldn’t see why Lilia-san and the others were so scared of her. On the
contrary, I was even inwardly mad to Chronois-san when she evaluated Isis-san as
someone with a bad nature.

After all, the real Isis-san was... lonely and quiet, reserved and gentle, a
really lovely lady...

The pain that Isis-san has been going through, I still feel like I can’t
completely understand it even now that we’ve become so close. However, I’m
confident that a smile is much more suitable for Isis-san than a sad one.

Since the first time we met, Isis-san has been straightforwardly directing her
love and affection to me, and even though I felt shy from it, felt delighted
from it, and remembered feeling strangely nervous when I’m talking to Isis-san.
She really always, always taking care of me... and when I was injured, she was
really angry and sincerely worried about me. No matter how insensitive I am, I
understand that the affection Isis-san has for me is very strong.

However, that affection isn’t something that is forced on me. When I asked her
to hold off on responding to her confession, or when I asked where Isis-san’s
castle is, she always paid attention and respected my circumstances.

Being thought about that much... There’s no way I wouldn’t be happy. Yeah,
that’s right... I’m feeling glad that I’m receiving Isis-san’s affection. I’ve
never had any experience of being popular, so I had no idea how to respond to
her confession, and because I strongly felt that I love Kuro, I’ve kept it
ambiguous for a long time. It may be as Ryze-san told me... The answer may have
been in me right from the start.

If this was the world I was in... If I really had to choose only one person, I
think I would have chosen Kuro. I would have been heartbroken at the thought of
Isis-san feeling sorrowful, and I may even cry, but even if it’s painful, I
would still need to make a choice. However, the world I’m in now is different.
This is a world where I could choose to like both of them... a world where I
could make such a gentle choice... And just as Orchid said, in this world,
there’s no need for me to have any differences in my love for them. Then, the
only thing left is my feelings... but even that has already been answered.

I’m not averse to Isis-san’s love... I enjoy spending time with Isis-san... I
felt my heart beat for Isis-san’s gestures. How I feel about Isis-san has long
since appeared in my heart before I could even think about it in my mind.

[...I see... I love Isis-san.]

Feeling as if I’ve found the answer within the darkness, I felt as if I
instantly felt better. Yes, there’s no need for me to be puzzled. I love
Isis-san, I want Isis-san to keep smiling, I want her to be happy... I want to
make her happy.

[...Alice, you there?]

[Yes, yes, you called?]

[...I have a few things I’d like to ask and some things I’d like to discuss with
you...]

Raising herself from the bed where she had been slacking around, Alice muttered
and with a small smile, she dramatically curtsied.

[You don’t need to be so reserved. All you need to do is say those words...
“Give me what I need”... and I will set the stage perfectly for you.]

Alice’s intelligence is beyond normal. Perhaps, Alice already has an almost
perfect grasp of what I wanted to do. Good grief, how should I say this... She’s
a really reliable friend to have.

[...Thanks, Alice. Then, once again, give me the information I need.]

[By your will... Now that we’ve got the theatrics out of the way, let’s get
things in order. First of all, based on the Blue Crystal Flower that Kaito-san
received from Isis-san., Isis-san’s book preferences, book release date, and all
the other conditions, that would be referring to the romance novel titled “The
Caged Princess and the Blue Flower”. Incidentally, this is the aforementioned
book.]

[You’re frighteningly prepared... Seriously, you’re so dependable that if you
were usually a little more proper, I wouldn’t have doubted your excellence...]

[Whoa there, I feel like I’m being mildly insulted here... Well, putting that
aside, what do you think? It’s a long novel, but do you want to read it? Or
perhaps, should I summarize it for you?]

One of the things I was going to ask Alice about... was the Blue Crystal Flower
that Isis-san gave me when we first met. I figured that Isis-san had harvested
that flower as part of the hobby she had mentioned earlier, so I wanted to know
about the book that inspired her. It seems that Alice had seen through my
thoughts and had already prepared that novel for me.

[...I’d like to leisurely read it, but I don’t want to keep Isis-san waiting any
longer if possible, so I’d like you to tell me the gist of it.]

[Understood. Well, it’s a simple love story between a princess and a commoner.
And the crucial item of the story, the Blue Crystal Flower, is only a little
rare in real life. But in this novel, it’s depicted as a legendary flower that
heals all illnesses. As you can probably guess to some extent, the story is
about a commoner man who tries his best to find the Blue Crystal Flower in order
to save the princess who is suffering from an incurable disease.]

The love between a princess and a commoner, two people of different status... It
might be a little bit similar to the position Isis-san and I held. Thinking of
Isis-san, who is one of the pinnacles of the world, and me, who is just an
ordinary person, albeit I have some special circumstances being someone from
another world, I feel that I could be quite emotionally involved with the story.

[...Eh? Kaito-san is an ordinary person? What, that some kind of otherworlder
joke or something? That’s a little too advanced for Alice-chan to understand.]

[...Eh?]

[Well, I would have understood if you said you’ve deviated from what an ordinary
person but...]

[N-No, I’m just an ordinary...]

[You’re the lover of Kuro-san, one of the pinnacles of the Demon Realm,
practically one of the big wigs and is the richest person in the world, and
received the blessing of the God of this world, Shallow Vernal-sama, and has
interacted with almost all the big wigs in various realms... and you claim that
you’re an ordinary person?]

[No... I was wrong.]

Indeed, no matter how you look at it, it doesn’t feel like I’m an ordinary
person... After thinking about it again, I’ve come a long way in just a few
months in this world. No, let’s just put aside the abnormality of the situation
around me. What I should be thinking about more than that is Isis-san. My answer
to Isis-sans’ confession has already taken shape in my mind. Now, I just need to
figure out how to convey it to her...

[...Can we get back on track? Tell me more about the book.]

[Understood.]

The night went on as I was examining the novel Alice told me about, thinking in
my head about how this will go.

Dawn, at a time when it was still early in the morning, I went to visit where
Sieg-san usually is. Sieg-san had worked the night shift last night, so she was
still up at this time as well, and I was able to find her quietly drinking tea
in the dining room.

[Good morning, Sieg-san.]

[Good morning. You’re very early, aren’t you?]

[Yes. Errr, there’s actually something I wanted to request of you, Sieg-san...]

[Request?]

Sieg-san tilted her head after hearing what I said, but after she looked
straight at me, she smiled.

[...It looks like you’ve made up your mind. You have a good look in your eyes
right now.]

[...Yes.]

[I understand. I’ll help you in any way I can.]

[Thank you!]

Thanking Sieg-san for her gracious words of approval, I once again told her what
I’m asking for. Sieg-san quietly listened to what I said, and then, she nodded
in agreement and spoke.

[...I see. I understand. Well then, let’s go get what we need today.]

[Yes... Wait, Sieg-san, don’t you need to sleep at all?]

[There’s no problem. Even if us elves don’t sleep for a few days, we would still
be perfectly fine.]

Feeling my heartfelt gratitude as I saw Sieg-san’s gently smile, I decided to
get ready to depart.

[...B-By the way, Kaito-san? I’m just asking for r-reference but...]

[Yes? What is it?]

[K-Kaito-san, for example... Errr, can you also see Elves as a l-l-love
interest?]

[...You mean someone like Sieg-san?]

[T-T-That’s right. A pure-blooded elf like me.]

I tilted my head at Sieg-san, who seemed somewhat flustered while asking me
while her eyes were restlessly moving about. I’ve seen lots of elves at the
Sacred Tree Festival, but if I think about elves, the one I could think of the
most would be Sieg-san... I don’t know why she’s asking such a question, but
with Sieg-san in my mind, I thought about it.

[...To be honest, I’ve never really paid much attention to things like a
person’s species... For example, regardless of whether you’re an Elf or not,
Sieg-san is beautiful and kind, and you’re also very capable when it comes to
housework, so I guess I would be happy if I could date you?]

[I-I-Is that so?!]

[By the way, what do you mean when you asked that question?]

[N-N-N-No... Errr, errrmm... I-It’s for that! It’s for future reference. You
see, with Lili’s circumstances, I haven’t seen many people around me in love
until now, so I thought I’d ask what Kaito-san, a man, thinks about it.]

For some reason, Sieg-san is more flustered than before... and her long wiggling
ears look really cute.

[...Errr, was my response helpful?]

[Yes, thank you... I’m relieved that I also have a chance.]

[Eh? Your voice sounded smaller on the latter part of what you said so I
couldn’t hear it...]

[I-I said nothing!!!]

---

The 15th day of the Earth month. I am currently standing in front of the East
Gate of the royal capital of Symphonia. I wonder how they made this wall though.
Piled up stones? Bricks? Although I don’t know enough about it to recognize it
just by looking at it, the massive and solid wall, and the big gate are quite
majestic when I look at it again up close.

Since the protective wall surrounding the royal capital is equipped with a
Barrier Magic, so basically no monsters can come near it and the gate is said to
be almost always open. The only exception to this are the wyverns and other
monsters that have a certain level of power and can fly, but putting aside the
monsters from the Demon Realm, there are almost no monsters with that level of
flying ability in the Human Realm.

Lilia-san’s mansion, just like other nobles’ homes, is located near the center
of the royal capital, so I haven’t been near the gates that much. This is my
first time being within the vicinity of the East Gate, and I heard it’s usually
busy with peddlers... But currently, there are only the bare minimum of
gatekeepers around the area, making it hard to believe that it’s just before
noon. The reason for this is simple, because Isis-san will be here soon... I
myself don’t fear her magic power of death thanks to my Sympathy Magic, but
that’s just me being a special case, and it seems that if Isis-san were to visit
a city, sooner or later, that city would be in this kind of situation.

When I went out with Isis-san before, we met up near the gate like this. That
time, we met at the South Gate, but as expected, I really don’t like this
atmosphere that feels as if the whole city is rejecting Isis-san. Though I say
that, Isis-san’s magic power of death unconditionally brings fear to the
ordinary people, and it’s something that can’t be overcome by sheer mental
strength, so I suppose this is something that can’t be helped. Even if they were
to understand in their head that Isis-san is actually a kind person, the
fundamental fear of death within their instincts made them reject her.

A few moments while I was thinking about this, a pillar of ice appeared in front
of me, and after breaking into multiple pieces of ice dancing like flower petals
with the wind, Isis-san appeared.

[...Kaito... Hello.]

[Isis-san! Hello, thank you for coming out today.]

[...No... but... is it alright? ...Wouldn’t I... just be causing trouble?]

[I don’t think you’re causing any trouble at all.]

Isis-san didn’t specifically say anything about what she was causing trouble
with, but I can somewhat imagine from the way she moved her gaze to the
trembling gatekeepers. It’s like she’s worried that her, going out to the royal
capital, is causing me trouble.

[I’m sorry for inviting you out of the blue... but there’s a place I really want
to go with Isis-san today, so I invited you.]

[...A place you want to go... with me?]

[Yes. However, it’s a bit far away... and it seems to be a place with a lot of
monsters, so I’m afraid I would have to rely on you...]

[...Unnn... It’s alright... I will... protect you, Kaito.]

[Thank you very much. That’s reassuring.]

Declaring such while clenching her small fists, I feel conscious of how cute
such a gesture is, making a small rise on my lips as I thanked her. Riding on a
floating slab of ice, the same one that had carried me when I went to collect
maple flower nectar in the past, we moved across the meadow at a fairly fast
pace. I have already told Isis-san where we are going, and she says it will take
us about an hour to get there. If Isis-san gets serious, we could probably get
there faster, but since we are in no particular hurry, I suggested that we take
our time and enjoy the scenery, to which Isis-san agreed, moving at a moderate
speed.

Well, it’s still faster than a car...

I don’t know if she had placed some kind of magic barrier around us, but I don’t
feel the strong wind hitting my body, and the warm sunlight and breeze gently
caressing my cheeks feels good.

[I’m glad that the weather is fine today.]

[...Unnn... It has been... quite warm recently.]

[Speaking of which, in this world, are there such things like seasons... Errr, I
mean would there be warm months or cold months?]

If I were to compare it to Japan, the current climate would be about as warm as
spring, but does this world also have four seasons?

[...Unnn... The Light month... is the warmest... and the Sky month... is the
coldest... In the Demon Realm though... It’s different in every region.]

[Heehhh... Then, the current month is the time where the temperature is rather
moderate huh.]

[...Unnn.]

The 30th day of the Sky month was the day I was summoned to this world... The
temperature around that time until New Year’s day was around the same as autumn,
so it seems this world doesn’t have as much temperature difference as Japan. I
don’t mind the cold weather, but I’m not really a big fan of hot weather since I
tend to sweat easily, so I’ve been very comfortable in this world while the
temperature was around spring and autumn.

[...In the Human Realm... the Symphonia Kingdom... has a climate... that’s
comfortable all year round.]

[Ahh, I’ve heard a little about that. That’s also part of the reason why crops
grow well here, right?]

Alice told me about the characteristics of each country when I visited the
Archlesia Empire before. She told me that the Symphonia Kingdom has a stable
climate throughout the year, and combined with Lillywood-san’s blessing, the
country is so rich in nature that it’s dubbed as Symphonia of Food...

[...Unnn... That’s why... Symphonia Kingdom... is popular as a tourist
destination... It’s just that... the distance between each town... were too
far... and there are a lot of mountains and forests... so it seems to be a bit
of a challenge to get around.

[I see, so that’s why Flying Dragons is the most common mode of transportation
around here.]

[...Unnn.]

As we were leisurely chatting while moving along, it seemed like Isis-san
suddenly remembered something and spoke.

[...Speaking of which... Why... are we heading to a “distant mountain”? ...Do
you need... to harvest something again?]

[Eh?! Ah, no, I-I suppose so. Something like that.]

[...Unnn? ...Kaito... Are you... hiding something?]

[T-That’s not the case at all.]

[...If Kaito... doesn’t want to say it... I won’t ask.]

[I’m sorry. I’ll tell you about it later.]

[...Nnn... Alright.]

No, I had already expected her to ask this question, and I actually had thought
about my answer to it... but after getting easily found out, I was so shaken
that I wasn’t able to skillfully answer her question. Fortunately, Isis-san
didn’t ask me any more questions, but I had to be a little more careful or I
would risk being found out before I could accomplish my goal.

[...By the way, how did you know I was hiding something from you?]

[...It was... written... on his face.]

[I’ve been told that by a lot of people... am I really that easy to understand?]

[...Eh... Errr... A little bit...]

I’ve been told by many people since I came into this world that my emotions
could easily be seen on my face... As for how exactly it was that I’m easy to
read, it seemed like even the kind Isis-san can’t support me on this matter. H-
Hmmm. I wonder how I can change this...

After a few minutes of travel, we arrived at the mountain, which was our
destination. Alice told me that it was about 1200 m above sea level and rarely
visited by people.

[...It’s a beautiful mountain... What are we... doing here?]

[Errr, I was thinking of climbing the mountain.]

[...Then... I will...]

[Ahh, please wait!]

[...Unnn?]

Hearing my words about climbing the mountain, Isis-san tried to manipulate the
floating slab of ice, but I stopped her and got off the ice.

[If it’s possible, I’d like to do the climb myself.]

[...Errr... If that’s what Kaito wants... that’s fine but... is that alright?]

[M-Maybe.]

To be honest, I have no experience in mountain climbing. I have a vague idea of
how hard it would be, but when I think about it again... it seems pretty tough.
1200m isn’t that high of a mountain for those accustomed to mountaineering.
However, this isn’t reallya mountain that has been prepared for mountaineering,
but a remote mountain... I am sure that the path would be tough enough that it
could only be described as an animal trail. The first thing you need to do is to
make sure that you have a good understanding of what you’re doing and how you’re
going to get there.

If the place we arrived in ends up to be a cliff or a huge valley, and we’re
unable to proceed, I will have to rely on Isis-san... Considering the purpose of
this trip though, I would like to make this climb by myself as much as possible.
After smiling at Isis-san who had a worried look on her face, I made up my mind
and started my hike up the mountain.

『Mountain Climbers this way』

...Strange, isn’t it?

I was told that this is a mountain that hardly anyone visits, and it’s not like
it’s a tourist spot or anything like that... so why is there a signboard at the
entrance? Moreover, there’s a pretty solid fenced trail... No, as an amateur in
mountain climbing, I’m more than grateful for this but... this seems a little
too convenient.

[...Errr, Isis-san. Can you tell me your thoughts about this?]

[...I think... it’s probably Shalltear... who made it... There’s some part of
the mountain... that had been magically shaved off... As expected of her...
She’s meticulous with her work... With this... Kaito... will be safe.]

I had an inkling that that would be the case, but it really is Alice’s doing
huh... I know it’s too late to say this now, but isn’t she too competent? They
did say she would set the stage perfectly, but to be able to do such a perfect
job in one night is really mind-boggling. Well, seriously... If only she had a
decent personality...

[A-Anyway, let’s get back on track and start climbing.]

[...Unnn!]

Thinking of thanking Alice some other time, just as I originally planned, I
begin to climb the mountain with Isis-san. The well-made path was easy to walk
on, and although it seemed a bit roundabout, the course was probably made with
safety in mind. About an hour after we started walking, we began to see
beautiful scenery, perhaps because we had progressed to a reasonably high point.
The air is clear and the atmosphere is quiet and pleasant.

[...The view sure is beautiful.]

[...Unnn... Lots of greenery...]

Within the tranquil mood around us, I have a peaceful conversation with
Isis-san. However, unnn... I-It’s surprisingly tough on my legs. To be honest...
I’m getting pretty tired. The distance I walked itself shouldn’t be that big of
a deal, but the slope and the bumpy path, although well-arranged, may have
accumulated fatigue to some extent. For experienced hikers, it may not be a big
deal, but as an amateur, it was time for me to take a short break. The view
around here is also nice, so I think it might be a good idea to have a meal
around here.

[...Ahh... Kaito... There’s a rest area there... should we take a break?]

[That sounds great. It’s just about lunch... Unnn? A rest area?]

After reflexively responding to Isis-san’s words, I realized something strange.
Again, this is a remote mountain. But just as Isis-san said, there was a wooden
building with a sign that read “Rest Area” at the end of my gaze. Could that
also be something Alice prepared as well? She really is extraordinary, building
something all this in one night. When we reached the rest area, I found wooden
benches and tables arranged that provide a great view of the scenery, a perfect
place for eating... and what seems to be a stall, tended by a bird stuffed
costume.

[...You...]

[Ahh, welcome to Alice-chan’s traveling general store\~\~! We have everything
from drinks to souvenirs!]

[...I-I see...]

Hearing Alice’s words, I looked at the products in her stall and found
old-fashioned pennants, key chains I didn’t understand, wooden carvings of
animals, and so on. It’s seriously a souvenir shop.

![Insert 1](../../_Images/v07/Insert1.jpg#.insert)

Also, the overall price seems strangely high, but I guess that’s really the cost
for items in the tourist spots, isn’t it? I mean, I’ve thought of this many
times before, but this guy definitely knows Earth...

[...Shalltear... What... is this?]

[It’s one of those key chains sold everywhere that people just don’t understand.
It’s the first of those useless souvenirs that you just buy on the spur of the
moment, thrown in a drawer at home, and eventually go missing.]

[...And this?]

[It’s a bandana that was popular a long time ago. It has an appropriate pattern
drawn on it depending on which region it was sold.]

Why the heck was that the only thing that has a very Japanese feel to it?
Seriously, where the heck is this guy getting her knowledge from...

[W-Well, leaving that aside... Alice, do you have something to drink?]

I already have some stuff prepared in my magic box, but since she prepared it, I
think I will buy something from her shop as a token of my appreciation, even if
it’s a little expensive.

[I have lots of stuff to choose from, but tea is the orthodox choice for lunch,
don’t you think? Here, “bottled tea”.]

[...Give me two.]

[Thank you for the purchase\~\~]

I’m so tired that I don’t feel like throwing a tsukkomi anymore, so I just
accepted the bottle tea offered to me as if it’s a matter of course and paid for
it. Then, I moved with Isis-san to a place with a clear view and prepared our
lunch while teaching Isis-san how to open the PET bottle, which she didn’t know
how to do.

[...Did Kaito... prepare this?]

[Yes. Again, I don’t know if it’s well done. I asked someone to teach me how to
make them and made it.]

[...Thank you... It makes me... very happy.]

Just like the picnic we had back then, I prepared our lunch this time as well. I
made it with Sieg-san’s help, so it should taste pretty good, but I did make
some mistakes in the appearance...

It was a simple bento with bite-sized, easy-to-eat side dishes and sandwiches,
but Isis-san was delighted to the point of overreacting, and repeatedly told me
how delicious it was. After finishing lunch, it was time to climb the mountain
again. When we left the rest stop, Alice told us that this rest stop was
apparently just about halfway up the trail. That would mean that we would reach
our destination, the summit, in about another hour’s walk. I was certainly
tired... but not so much that I needed to take another break on the way.

Fortunately, we have a magic box, so we don’t have to carry our luggage, which
makes the climb much easier for me than the normal mountaineers. Incidentally,
Isis-san is walking up the mountain just like me, instead of floating as usual,
but she doesn’t look tired at all, not even a trace of sweat.

[...Kaito... are you alright?]

[Yes. Fortunately, thanks to Alice, the path isn’t too rough and I’m not that
tired.]

[...If that... is so... then that’s great.]

[What about you, Isis-san? Are you alright? You’re walking unlike usual...]

[...Unnn... I’m fine.]

Although she doesn’t give that impression because she looks so slender and
fragile... In fact, Isis-san’s physical capabilities were incredibly high. She
was able to send Magnawell-san, who had such an abnormally large physique,
flying with a punch, and even if she’s such a cute girl, she had the strength
befitting of her title as one of the Six Kings.

[...Just a bit more... and we’d be at the summit.]

[Then, we’re almost there.]

[...Is there... something... on the summit?]

[...Errr, that’s still a secret.]

[...Fufu... Unnn.]

Smiling softly, Isis-san seems to be really enjoying my date with me, and
although she doesn’t ask me in depth about this secret, I can tell she is
looking forward to it. If it’s possible, I hope I don’t disappoint her. Anyway,
we’re almost to the summit... and even though I’m already prepared, it doesn’t
change the fact that I’m nervous.

When we arrived at the summit shortly after... I found the sight I was looking
for.

[...Are these... Blue Crystal Flowers? ...Amazing... There’s so many.]

[...Alice told me about this place. A place where Blue Crystal Flowers grow in
clusters on a mountaintop, similar to that scene in “The Caged Princess and the
Blue Flower”.]

[?!]

I guess she hadn’t thought I knew the title of that book. Isis had recommended
many books to me, but “The Caged Princess and the Blue Flower” wasn’t one of
them. With Isis-san looking at me with an astonished expression on her face, I
walked slowly and picked a single blue crystal flower. Thereupon, I kneeled down
in front of Isis-san and gently put the blue crystal flower in her hand.

Just like a scene from “The Caged Princess and the Blue Flower”.

The commoner man, who has been searching for the miraculous flower that heals
all illnesses and has obtained it after much hardship, offers the Blue Flower to
the princess and confesses his love to her. I remember all of those words, too,
having been taught them by Alice.

However, imitating that scene would only be until there.

I imitated the situation in this way because it was a story that was important
to both Isis-san and I. However, from this point onward... It shouldn’t be
something I should imitate. The scene they had in that story is a confession
from a commoner man to a caged princess... “not a confession from me to
Isis-san”.

That is why, from here on out... I will tell her my feelings with my own words.
I should have been prepared for this moment, but the nervousness I’m feeling
isn’t meager at all. Within that silence, as if all sound had disappeared from
our surroundings, I could hear only the sound of my heart beating fast. Taking a
deep breath to calm myself down... I spoke.

[...Isis-san... I love Kuro.]

[...Unnn... I know.]

Hearing the words I told her first, Isis-san looked a little sad when she heard
my words. It was probably because she remembered what I had told her before,
that monogamy was the norm in the world I was in. Even though it was a necessary
preamble to be sincere to Isis-san, I was a little heartbroken... but the real
deal is just about to start.

[However, I ...also l-love you, Isis-san. Of course, as a man, towards a
woman...]

[...Eh?]

[It might be unfaithful of me. Perhaps, I’m being indecisive. But in my heart,
Isis-san has become really big... A person I love that can’t be replaced by no
one.]

[?!]

Hearing my words, Isis-san’s beautiful eyes widened and she switched glances
between me and the Blue Crystal Flower she had received. Her beautiful ruby red
eyes were shaking violently, as if she was shaken.

[...Y-You’re lying... After all... I have... my magic po—]

[That doesn’t matter!]

[——?!]

Interrupting Isis-san, who was about to say that she’s a being clad in magic
power of death, I clasped Isis-san’s hand holding the flower, as if I was
enveloping it in both of my hands. Hoping that these feelings will be conveyed
to her, I looked straight into her eyes and continued.

[...It doesn’t matter for me if you’re clad in magic power of death or that
you’re one of the Six Kings. I’ve fallen in love with the woman named Isis
Remnant... She who is caring, lovely and always cares for me with all her
heart.]

[...Ahh... ahh...]

[I’m just a mere human. I can’t even jokingly say that I understand how you feel
after suffering in solitude for a very, very long time. I also can’t say cool
things like “I’m going to heal your loneliness”. However, I can promise you
this.]

As I looked into Isis-san’s tear-stained eyes, I said these words with all my
heart.

[I will never make you regret having fallen in love with me. I may not be able
to change the past, but creating a future is something I’m capable of. I will
definitely make my future with you, Isis-san, even happier than it is now! I
will definitely make you smile more than ever! That’s why... Please go out with
me!!!]

[?!]

I said it... I said my feelings and my love for Isis-san in words. All that’s
left to do is wait for Isis-san’s response...

Although it may look conceited of me, I know that Isis-san has feelings for me,
but still, confessing to someone makes me feel helplessly nervous, and I can
even hear my heart beating very clearly. When I was confessing to Kuro, I was
acting recklessly before her power, so I didn’t have the composure to think...
but now, I feel so nervous that it feels as if my whole body is being pricked by
needles. I finally understood what Ryze-san was saying about not feeling alive
until I got a response. Hearing my confession, Isis-san’s eyes opened wide and
she stiffened... and a little while later, large drops of tears began to spill
from her eyes.

[...This... isn’t a dream... right? ...For me... For someone like me... to
feel... such happiness...]

[Isis-san... I’ll say it once again. I love you... Can I please hear your
reply?]

[...Yes... I... love Kaito too... More than anyone... More than anything...
Please let me... stay by my beloved Kaito’s side... from now on.]

[Yes. With pleasure.]

[Kaito...!]

[Uwaahhh?!]

Hearing my words, tears of joy began to appear from Isis-san’s eyes before she
vigorously jumped on me. Because it was a surprise attack and because I was
weak, the momentum pushed me to fall on my back with Isis-san held in my
embrace. In the field of blooming blue flowers, with me on the bottom and
Isis-san on top of me, Isis-san continues to shed tears as her small body clung
on to, as if she doesn’t want to be apart from me even the slightest bit.

[...Uuuu... Uuuuu... I’m happy... This is the first time... since I was born...
that I felt this much happiness.]

[...Isis-san.]

[...Kaito... Kaito... I love you... I love you so much.]

[I love you too, Isis-san.]

Hearing Isis-san’s tear-filled voice, repeatedly telling that she loves me, I
hug her body a little tighter, feeling happy that I’ve told her my feelings.
Thereupon, Isis-san responded to my movement and gently raising her face... she
closed her eyes. Wiping away the shimmering tears on her beautiful cheeks with
my finger, I put my hands on the back of Isis-san’s head and slowly pulled her
face to mine.

[...Hnnn.]

As we feel the wind on the hill caress our cheeks, our shadows perfectly
overlap... sharing our feelings with each other... and ended up losing track of
time.

As the pleasant breeze blows on the flower garden, I sit side by side with
Isis-san, staring at the spectacular view from the top of the mountain. Isis-san
is leaning her body against mine as if she’s fawning on me, her cheeks dyed red
as she had a smile brimming with happiness. Hugging her shoulder close to me,
seeing such an Isis-san really makes me feel that she’s truly adorable.

[...Is this alright? ...For me... to feel... such happiness.]

[Of course, it’s alright. Besides, it’s not like this will be the end... I will
make you even happier than before. I’m sure of that...]

[...Unnn... If Kaito is by my side... I will always... be smiling... I will
be... much more... happier.]

[Yes.]

Murmuring in a gentle voice, Isis-san brought forth a magic circle in midair and
put away the Blue Crystal Flower in it. Then, she slowly ran her hands over my
body before she tightly hugged me. As I feel happiness along with embarrassment
from feeling the warmth of Isis-san’s entire body glued onto mine, Isis-san
mutters in a gentle voice.

[...However... It will not... be just me.]

[...Eh?]

[...I will also... make Kaito happy... I’ll make you won’t regret... loving
me... I will do my best... so that Kaito... will love me even more.]

[...Yes. Let’s bond with each other a lot more from now on.]

[...Unnn.]

It took a long time from the time Isis-san confessed to me until today... and
I’ve made her wait. However, because I’ve taken my time and slowly thought about
it... I think I’ve made a firm decision. I won’t let go of Isis-san anymore...
And of course, I also won’t let Kuro go... I love both of them, and even though
I think the answer I gave them was such an indecisive one... I feel that it was
a gentle answer filled with happiness.

[...Kaito... will you come... visit my home... again?]

[Of course, or rather, don’t you think I might go there rather often instead?]

[...Fufu... Unnn... Come... more often.]

Embracing my arm, Isis-san let out a happy smile.

I strongly vowed, along with the love that swelled within my heart, that I would
never let her smile disappear.

[...Kaito.]

[Yes?]

[...I loooovveee you!]

It took me a long time to get to this point, but I was able to successfully tell
Isis-san about my feelings for her, and we became lovers. I think a smile really
looks great on Isis-san, and seeing her smile makes me feel happy. That’s why,
from now on—I sincerely want to protect the smile on her face.
