---
toc: true
---

# Prologue

Dear Mom, Dad—

How should I say this... I have a big report to make today.

Well, ummm, I’m embarrassed to say this... but spring has finally come to your
son. I finally have a girlfriend for the first time in my life. It was the girl
I had mentioned many times in my diary, the person who saved my cowering heart,
Kuro. It hasn’t been that long since we became lovers, but how should I say
this... I’m feeling a lot of changes, such as my heart skipping a beat by Kuro’s
smallest gestures, and the scenery we see together feeling so refreshing.

It’s just, I’m still stumbling around, not really knowing everything, but well,
I think that’s fun in itself too... but I’d like to get some advice. I wonder...
If Mom and Dad were still alive today, would we have a conversation like this
and would I be able to hear about your experiences? Mom is quite petite, so I
wonder if Dad had trouble being aware of everyone around him?

Now then, I know I’m getting off topic... but I’m finally going to give my big
report. No, of course, having a girlfriend is something big, but I think this
one is more than that.

I’ve thought about this a lot of times... and I’m thinking of “going to live in
this world”. I haven’t told anyone else about this yet, except one person. I
have some issues I need to settle, and I don’t feel like talking to the others
about this until they’re settled, so I haven’t told anyone yet. The person I
have talked to about this is the God of this world... Shiro-san, who I have
written about before, but again, it isn’t a simple matter, and it seems that my
request isn’t going to be easily met.

Apparently, in order to get the ending I want, I have to clear some kind of
ordeal that Shiro-san would prepare for me. The details will be given to me at
the end of the one-year period... but to be honest, thinking about it is making
me quite anxious now. I trust Shiro-san and I don’t think she’d make an
unreasonable ordeal, but from the atmosphere Shiro-san had around her... I felt
like it’s not something that can be cleared easily.

Well, I still have a lot of time to think about this matter, but I thought I
should report about this matter to Mom and Dad. There are also other issues that
I need to think about... but I think I will probably write about them next time.

I hope that the next report I write in my diary will be a happy one.
