---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 6: As a Servant, As Family

The 27th day of the Earth month.

In the morning, as I was heading to the dining room for breakfast, Alice
appeared.

[Kaito-san, I’m sorry... All the Six Kings have a meeting today, so I will be
going out for a while.]

[Eh? Ahh, I guess you really have those kinds of meetings huh.]

[Ahh\~\~ no, we don’t have regular meetings... It’s just that we were sometimes
called to a meeting. As expected, there’s no way I could just have my clone
attend for me, so I’m going to attend with my main body.]

[Alright.]

Even if she’s like that, Alice is still one of the Six Kings, the pinnacle of
the Demon Realm. It’s hard to imagine it if you just look at how she regularly
acts, but she really must be busy with lots of things. Anyhow, I’m very relieved
to know that Alice is always with me as my guard, so when she declared that
she’s going to be relieving her duties as my guard for a moment, I feel a little
uneasy.

[Ahh, it will be alright. There’s someone who will substitute as your guard
while I’m gone.]

[...When you say substitute, are you talking about those Count-rank Demons from
before?]

[Ahh, no, I was actually planning on having them guard you at first but... An
unexpected person took on the job of guarding you, so I decided to leave it to
her.]

[...Unexpected?]

[Yes, I did have her try out guarding you for a whole day a few days ago... And
it doesn’t seem like there would be any problems with her, so I’ll leave it to
her.]

[Fumu... So, who is that?]

[It’s a secret.]

[Why?!]

I was wondering if the Count-level, High-ranked Demons would be guarding me just
like when Alice had to leave before, but they apparently wouldn’t guard me this
time. I was curious about who would be guarding me, so I asked her, but Alice
somewhat happily replied that it was a secret.

[Well, you just have to look forward to when you find out... Well then, I’ll be
off\~\~]

[Ahh, Alice! Wait a moment!]

[Fuehh? What’s the matter?]

[Ah, well... Here.]

Stopping Alice, who was about to leave with an exaggerated salute, I took out
some pastries from my magic box and gave it to her.

[You probably aren’t eating properly again anyway...]

[Kaito-san... Kuhhh\~\~\~ As expected, even if you say all those stuff, you’re
really a kind person! For you, for you to love me this much—Fugyyaahhh?!]

[Just take them already.]

[Yeeeeees... Well then, I’ll be off.]

[Yeah, take care.]

She’s still acting like usual, but I guess Alice would still be the same as
always... Thinking like that, I see Alice off with a wry smile on my face.

Oddly enough, the unusual situations continued, as after finishing breakfast...
I noticed one person who was acting strangely.

[...]

[Ummm, Lilia-san... Why has Lunamaria-san been acting like that since earlier?]

In front of the four of us who gathered in the dining room, Aoi-chan, Hina-chan,
Lilia-san and I... Lunamaria-san has been pacing back and forth in the dining
room for a while now, and she seemed to be restless. I tried asking Lilia-san
about it, but she just tilted her head, also wondering the same thing.

[I don’t know? Luna... What’s going on?]

[Ahh, Milady... N-No, actually... just a few minutes ago, Mother informed me
that she was coming to visit...]

[Is that so? How unusual.]

[Y-Yes... She said that she has something important to do...]

Instead of her usual aloofness, Lunamaria-san looked flustered, as she’s worried
about something. Not only me, but Aoi-chan and Hina-chan also know that
Lunamaria-san really cares about her mother. She eats the lunchbox that her
mother made for her everyday, and I think they have a very close mother-daughter
relationship.

[Lunamaria-san’s mother?]

[I’ve only heard things about her, so I’m curious!]

Aoi-chan and Hina-chan also seem to be interested in Lunamaria-san’s mother, who
they don’t know much about, so they said that to Lunamaria-san, whose gaze is
still restlessly moving about.

[Y-Yes... I was thinking of introducing her to everyone at some point but... I
had some serious concerns so I was hesitating.]

[Serious concerns? What do you mean, Luna?]

[...I was afraid that if I introduced her to Miyama-sama... Mother would be
“violated”...]

[...Wait a second there, Lunamaria-san. Can I have about an hour or so of your
time, let me just ask you what is your character assessment of me deep within
your mind...]

All those bullcrap, what in the world are you saying, Lunamaria-san... Or
rather, seriously, what does she think I am in this person’s mind?

[No, no, I’m saying this as her daughter... but Mother is a bit easy. She has
always been sickly and a bit naive, and since my father died more than 50 years
ago... I’ve been firmly focused on my job, so she must feel lonely. If she
encounters Miyama-sama, both the parent and the child would be easily
ensnared... Just thinking about that makes me frightened.]

[...Oi.]

Somehow, it seems that in Lunamaria-san’s mind... She’s thinking I was some kind
of Great Demon Lord of Lust from a distant world.

[...You really care about your mother, Luna.]

[She does always talk about her. That she’s the one she cares the most in this
world.]

As I’m stunned by Lunamaria-san’s reaction, Lilia-san said that she somehow had
a smile on her face, and Aoi-chan reacted to her words. After hearing their
words, Lunamaria-san seemed to have calmed down a bit... And gave an unusually
gentle smile, as if she was reminded of someone sincerely important to her.

[...Yes, Mother had always been very frail... And yet, she raised me with her
own hands, working as a well-bred adventurer to raise me. She never once showed
a painful expression on her face, and even though life was difficult for us, she
sent me to a magic school...]

[...She’s a good mother, isn’t she?]

[Yes. I’m proud of Mother... She might be a little careless, but she’s really
the most important person in the world for me... I just want to make it a little
easier for her.]

Her mother is an irreplaceable part of Lunamaria-san’s life... I could tell that
from the look on Lunamaria-san’s face and the gentle tone she had just now. A
mother that Lunamaria-san respects and cares so much about... I’m kind of
curious to see what kind of person she is. Just when the air was a little
solemn, in a somewhat grave tone, Hina-chan spoke.

[...But if she’s coming here... That means she’s going to meet Kaito-senpai too,
right?]

[I don’t want them to meet!!!]

[Calm down for a bit, Luna. It’s not like you already know what your mother will
think of Kaito-san just when she meets him...]

[T-That’s right... It’s not like Mother would fall in love with Miyama-sama just
because she met him...]

As the mother-con held her head, shouting that she doesn’t want her mother to
meet me, Lilia-san calmly makes a follow up. For me, I think she was being very
unreasonable, but for now, I’ll keep quiet if this is going to help calm
Lunamaria-san down...

[...However, we’re talking about Kaito-san here though?]

[...It’s Kaito-senpai, you know?]

I won’t be disgruntled... I definitely wouldn’t be disgruntled. However, not
just Lunamaria-san, even Aoi-chan and Hina-chan are thinking like that, what
kind of person do these people think I am...

[Why do those words sound depressingly persuasive?!]

[Luna?! P-Pull yourself together... It’s alright. I’m on Luna’s side.]

[U-Ughhh... Miladyyyy...]

Lunamaria-san, who was kneeling on the floor with an expression filled with
despair, Lilia-san follows up with a gentle pat on her back. Thereupon, looking
as if she has been driven to the corner, Lunamaria-san looks back at Lilia-san
with tears in her eyes.

[T-Then... If I said that I won’t give Mother to Miyama-sama, and end up
antagonizing Miyama-sama, will Milady stand by my—]

[...]

[Why are you averting your eyes?! Rather than your female friend, you would
rather take the side of the man you fa—Mughhh?!]

[T-T-That is enough, go calm down for a bit!!!]

Just as Lunamaria-san was about to shout something, Lilia-san shouts and covers
her mouth, and for some reason, her face had turned red. After a little while,
Lunamaria-san, who had slightly regained her composure, turned her gaze towards
Aoi-chan and Hina-chan.

[W-What about Kusunoki-sama and Yuzuki-sama...]

[I’m sorry. If anything, I would be on Kaito-san’s side.]

[Same here.]

[Do I not have any allies here?!]

Lunamaria-san cowered, her head held in her hands. In the first place... What
she said about how I would do anything to Lunamaria-san’s mother is strange, but
I was just too dumbfounded to have the energy to fire back my tsukkomi. How
should I say this, this morning is really filled with ruckus... I’d really like
to have some tea now.

[Here.]

[Thank... you?]

[I’ve also prepared some cookies to snack upon.]

[...Ummm...]

[Yes?]

[...What are you doing here? Ein-san?]

[I am guarding Kaito-sama on behalf of Shalltear for the rest of the day. If you
have orders, please feel free to call me...]

[I-Is that so...]

With very spontaneous movements, Ein-san serves tea and cookies in front of me,
and after bowing, she disappears. Eh? What is this? The replacement that Alice
was talking about... It was Ein-san?! No, no, wait, seriously, please give me a
moment... There are so many things going on that my head can’t keep up! How
should I say this... It feels like today is going to be a disastrous day.

I feel like there wasn’t just one, but there were two or three shocking
situations, but I’ll leave it at that for now, as we moved to the entrance to
greet Lunamaria-san’s mother. It isn’t that Lunamaria-san’s mother is an
influential figure... but well, Aoi-chan, Hina-chan and I wanted to see
Lunamaria-san’s mother that she has been talking about as soon as possible, and
Lilia-san seems to be acquainted with her, so she came out to the front door to
pick her up.

Also, I may be digressing, but I recently started calling Kusunoki-san Aoi-chan.
When she noticed that I started calling Yuzuki-san Hina-chan, she complained
that “she’s feeling slightly alienated”, so with her permission, I started
calling her Aoi-chan.

[Speaking of which, what kind of person is Luna-san’s mother? I guess she would
also have blue hair like Luna-san?]

[Yes, Luna’s mother is a petite woman with hair as blue as the sky. Her name
is... Oya? It seems like she has arrived.]

When Aoi-chan asked Lilia-san about Lunamaria-san’s mother, Lilia-san told her
that Lunamaria-san’s mother is a petite woman with hair that had the color of
sky blue... Arehh? I feel like I’ve seen someone who looks like that a while
ago... Just as Lilia-san was about to speak her name, she saw a figure around
the gate and moved her gaze towards it. A petite woman walks over to us, clothed
in a light blue dress that isn’t as pompous as a noble’s clothing, but somehow
looks elegant, holding a pretty parasol in one hand and a basket in the other.
How should I say this, her face looks very familiar... or rather... arehh...
Isn’t that Noir-san? Eh? Wait a moment, so, does that mean?! Noir-san is
Lunamaria-san’s mother?!

I didn’t expect someone familiar to come, so I was stunned and speechless at
seeing Noir-san. Noir-san began approaching us, and then, deeply bowed her head
to the homeowner, Lilia-san.

[...Lilia-san, hello. I apologized for my sudden visit.]

[It’s been a while, Noir-san. It’s good to see you looking well.]

After exchanging greetings with Lilia-san with a calm smile, Noir-san turns to
Lunamaria-san and gives her a gentle smile. Although her height is shorter than
Lunamaria-san, her expression that is filled with affection is unmistakably that
of a mother.

[Lu-chan also, I’m sorry to bother when you’re working.]

[T-That’s alright but... Mom, why did you suddenly decide to visit...]

I just suddenly noticed it, but Noir-san and Lunamaria-san, even though they
were mother and daughter, were talking to each other with honorifics, does that
mean they were originally using honorifics when they’re talking with each other?
Anyway, when Lunamaria-san looked flustered while talking to her, for some
reason, Noir-san glanced at me with a slight blush on her cheek.

[I just came because there was someone I wanted to meet... Miyama-san, hello.]

[...Eh?]

[Ah, yes. Hello.]

[......Eh?]

As Noir-san turned to me and elegantly greeted me, it’s as if the expression on
Lunamaria-san’s face disappeared, and dumbfounded, she muttered. I feel
apologetic after seeing her reaction, but I didn’t think Noir-san was
Lunamaria-san’s either, so please forgive me. Nevertheless, Lunamaria-san
quickly recovered from her confusion, and looking far more flustered than
before, she went closer to Noir-san.

[...Wait, w-what does this mean, Mom?! A-Are you acquainted with Miyama-sama?]

[Yes, I got sick on the way to the hospital the other day, and that’s when
Miyama-san helped me out.]

[...I-Is that... so...]

[Yes. And so, I heard from Lu-chan that Miyama-san lives at Lilia-san’s mansion,
so I thought I’d come over today to thank him again.]

[...You... have... already... met?]

[Luna?! Pull yourself together!]

When she finished listening to Noir-san’s explanation, Lunamaria-san fell down
on her knees, looking crestfallen, and Lilia-san flusteredly ran over to her.
Lunamaria-san then turns to Lilia-san with a somewhat frightened expression on
her face, and as her voice trembled, she spoke.

[...M-Milady... I-I have now... finally understood... Milady’s feelings...
Miyama-sama... is scary.]

[I understand. I understand so much that it was painful for me. Luna... Take a
slow, deep breath and put your body in a good position. It isn’t Luna’s fault...
It’s just that Kaito-san is a monster. Our common sense doesn’t apply to him.]

[Miladyyyy...]

[Let me know as soon as it gets painful. We have stomach pills prepared...]

What the heck is with their exchange... Lilia-san’s words feel as if they hold
deep weight on them... I’m treated like a complete monster here, but since it
was Lilia-san who said that... From what I’ve done so far, I can’t say anything.

[Lu-chan? Are you alright?]

[...Am I alright... isn’t the question here!!! What are you doing, Mom?!]

[Eh? What, you ask...?]

When Noir-san worriedly asks her, Lunamaria-san stands up as if she was bursting
with energy and draws closer to Noir-san with a very menacing look on her face.
The people around us are overwhelmed by her intensity and are unable to
interpose.

[It’s all fine and good if you came to thank Miyama-sama for saving you! I’ll
also thank him later... However, what’s with that outfit?!]

[Is my outfit... strange?]

[It isn’t about being strange or anything like that! Why are you wearing an
open-shouldered dress?! Looking closely, you’re also wearing make-up, even
though you rarely wear them!!!]

[That is, ummm...]

Hearing Lunamaria-san’s cries, Noir-san shyly held her cheeks with both hands...
and for some reason, she was repeatedly glancing at me.

[I’m a woman too... so if I’m going to meet a dreamy man, I at least want to be
a little fashionable...]

[What, aren’t you aware of what you look like?! Please consider how old you
are!!!]

[Lu-chan... I’m only “480” years old, you know?]

[Even though you’ve already lived nearly five times as long as a human’s
lifespan...]

If she’s going to say it like that, Kuro, who Lunamaria-san is being fanatical
about, is hundreds or thousands of times older than I am, and she’s wearing
half-pants... Though let’s not say it. Hmmm, I guess from Lunamaria-san’s point
of view, her mother appeared in a youthful-looking outfit, but Noir-san didn’t
seem to care and just smiled at her... Unnn, she’s strong.

Noir-san, who really felt like she would easily be pressured, was able to
nonchalantly brush aside Lunamaria-san’s words, and it feels like Lunamaria-san
decided that her words won’t work... So, she just held her head in her hands.
Thereupon, Noir-san turns to me and holds out the basket in her hands, her
cheeks cutely blushing.

[...Miyama-san, thank you again for that time... Ummm, at least to thank you, I
baked some muffins. It would be great if it suits your taste...]

[Ah, no, you didn’t have to go all the way... Noir-san, is your body alright
after that time?]

[...Yes. Since I’ve been “drinking Miyama-san’s”, I’m really healthy these
days.]

[P-Please wait a moment! Mom?! Drinking Miyama-san’s... W-W-What does that
mean?!]

...She’s talking about blood. However, Noir-san said it poorly, and
Lunamaria-san, who seemed to have some kind of strange misunderstanding, her
face turned pale as she looked at Noir-san. I was going to explain it to her,
but before I could speak, Noir-san said something outrageous.

[When I first met him, Miyama-san generously allowed me to drink it. It was so
dense, enchantingly sweet, and it makes me feel so good that thinking about it
makes my body quiver.]

[Whaa?!]

[W-Wait... Noir-san?]

She’s only talking about blood, but when she worded it that badly... And with
blushing cheeks and the ecstatic expression on her face, even people other than
Lunamaria-san would misunderstand her.

[W-W-What are you thinking about?! Putting aside if you know each other for a
while, but you shouldn’t do that on the first day you met! Don’t you feel sorry
for Dad?!]

[However, even if I tried, I couldn’t drink his.]

[I’ve certainly heard that half-elves aren’t sexually active!!! But that doesn’t
mean it’s okay if it’s a young human male... In the first place, it’s insane to
make such a statement in a place like this, filled with young women!!!]

[Ummm, Lunamaria-san... Lunamaria-san!!!]

As I thought, she completely misunderstood. It feels like it would be
ridiculously troublesome if I didn’t, so I desperately called out to
Lunamaria-san.

[What is it, Miyama-sama... I’m talking about something important now...]

Thereupon, Lunamaria-san turns her murderous eyes towards me, replying with a
low, cold voice.

[...She’s talking about blood.]

[.........Eh?]

[No, like I said, what she drank... it was my blood. It sounds like my blood and
Noir-san’s body were compatible, so she asked me to give her some to treat her
anemia.]

[...Blood?]

[Yes.]

[...]

After hearing my words, Lunamaria-san scowl froze... And as her face turned red,
she crouched down with her hands covering her face.

...This is no good, I can’t call out to her. And as if to deal the final blow to
Lunamaria-san, who looks like she would die from shame...

[Lu-chan, it’s as Miyama-san said, we’re talking about blood. It’s not like we
had sexual intercourse, you know?]

[ \~ \~ ?!?! ]

And there goes the finishing blow?! With a calm look on her face, she just dealt
the finishing blow?! Noir-san... How frightening, this person is...
Lunamaria-san looked like she’s already crying...

[In terms of having sexual intercourse with someone, I also certainly think
that—]

[Noir-san, stop!!!]

[Eh?!]

[Lunamaria-san clearly understands it already!!! So please don’t talk about it
anymore!!!]

[...Eh? Ah, yes. I understand.]

Lunamaria-san’s heart was about to be crushed by shame, so I hurriedly stopped
Noir-san. She won’t do anything good, dealing more damage after she dealt the
finishing blow, because Lunamaria-san’s spirit is already in shambles. The best
thing to do here is to leave her alone... While thinking that, I was about to
speak to Noir-san to buy some time for Lunamaria-san to recover, when I heard
people whispering to her.

[...How should I say this, it certainly is strangely realistic since the other
party is Kaito-san, isn’t it?]

[Right\~\~ If it’s about Kaito-senpai, it can’t be helped if you think like
that.]

[...Hey, I have something to talk about with you two later.]

[ [ ...Eh? ] ]

It seems that my two kouhais have a very disgraceful misunderstanding about my
character... so I’ll go explain to them properly... along with some grueling
scolding. After we chatted with Noir-san over tea at Lilia-san’s mansion for
about an hour, she left, saying she would be back. Most of the stories Noir-san
talked about were about Lunamaria-san, and she generously told us how
Lunamaria-san used to be and other such episodes in their family...
Lunamaria-san’s eyes were dead the whole time though, as she told Noir-san not
to come back when she said she would come back again...

Putting that aside, when she was talking to Noir-san, Lunamaria-san seemed to be
less relaxed than usual, and it might be impolite for me to think this—but I
think she’s kind of cute.

---

The 28th day of the Earth month, the day after Noir-san’s shocking visit.

As I finished my daily routine of brushing Bell, I was leisurely looking around
the large garden when I heard a voice.

[Good morning, Master!]

[Good morning, Anima... Are you also working today?]

Anima, dressed in her usual black military-style outfit and wearing a fur cloak,
greeted me with a neat salute. Anima is apparently... or was supposed to be
according to the person herself, my servant, but since I don’t have any
particular work for me to give her, she usually helps out with the work in
Lilia-san’s mansion. Sometimes, she’s in charge of the mansion’s security and
sometimes, she’s the gatekeeper. Perhaps, because she’s naturally serious about
her work, I’ve honestly never seen Anima not working or training.

[No, I don’t have any work today, so I’m going to train!]

[...Errr, do you ever take a break?]

[...Take a break? Ahh, you mean rest! Yes, I get some rest for about “four hours
a day” to sleep and eat!]

[...]

That’s weird... What Anima just said was completely weird. I mean, if what she
said is true, that means Anima is working or training for almost 20 hours a
day... No, what kind of black company is this place? Lilia-san has made sure
that her servants have a good amount of days off and break time, and I’m sure
they even have proper work shifts established... So she shouldn’t be working in
that ridiculous amount of time.

[...Anima, what do you do during your breaks?]

[Hahh! I’m making use of it to train myself!]

[That... Even on your day off?]

[Yes! So that Master wouldn’t ever be ashamed to call me his subordinate, I’m
always devoting my time to improving myself!]

[...]

I’m now convinced... This woman isn’t getting any more rest than Lilia-san does.
She’s saying that other than when she sleeps and eats, she’s either working or
training... N-No, would it be fine if the person herself likes it?

[Anima, don’t you have any hobbies... other than training?]

[...Hobby? No, I have dedicated my everything to Master, and I have no need for
time that is spent on my own preferences!]

[...]

This is no good, this woman is too serious. Hmmm... For me though, I’d like it
if she relaxed a bit more... This is difficult. I’m sure she will obey if I
order her to do it, but in that case, she completely wouldn’t know what to do
with her breaks.

[...Anima, you don’t have any work today, right?]

[Yes!]

[Then, since I’m going to the city, will you come with me?]

[Hahh! Roger that! I will carry out my duties as baggage carrier and guard will
all my might!]

[No, this isn’t some kind of duty... Hahhh...]

To begin with, I have my magic box, so I don’t need any to carry my luggage or
anything like that... Well, for the time being, let’s go out.

And thus, that’s how Anima and I went out to the city...

[...No, Anima. Why are you walking behind me like that?]

[Eh? H-However, as your servant, it’s rude for me to stand next to Master...]

[No, you’re not being rude... rather, I’m being bothered by it, so walk beside
me.]

[...U-Understood. If Master says so...]

I called out to Anima, who was really acting like my guard, or rather, my
servant, walking in a distance from behind me, and told her to walk next to me.
Thereupon, I incidentally glanced at Anima’s attire... the black-military-styled
clothing that she usually wears.

[Hey, Anima... Don’t you have any other clothing?]

[Other clothing? I have six identical outfits like this though...]

[Okay, let’s go shopping for some clothes!]

[Eh? Y-Yes! I’ll be with you!]

It seems that Anima really doesn’t have anything in mind other than work and
training, as even her clothing was just multiple copies of the same clothes.
Maybe I’m just being prejudiced, but it feels like she’s a soldier in many
ways...

[Rather, if that’s all you have... What do you do when you sleep?]

[I’m not really wearing anything when I sleep though?]

What did she just say... Anima is sleeping naked? N-No, well, I know that there
are people like that, and if I think about it, for Anima who is a former Black
Bear... I guess it’s more natural for them to not wear clothes, right? Well,
what she wants to do when she sleeps is for the person herself to decide, but I
might as well buy her a nightgown.

In the meantime, we ended up at the clothing store. I could have gone to Alice’s
general store... but lately, I feel like all the clothing in her store are only
for men... or rather, it feels like she narrowed down her target audience to
just me, so there wouldn’t be that much women’s clothing found there.

She might have made it if I requested, but I just decided to buy it at a regular
store this time.

When we got to the front of the store, with neat movements, Anima moved into an
at-ease posture.

[Well then, I’ll wait here myself until Master finishes shopping.]

[...Eh? No, what are you talking about, Anima? We’re here to buy clothes for
you. Don’t worry, I’ll go buy it with my money.]

[...Ehh?]

Perhaps, she didn’t expect my words, as Anima froze with a blank look on her
face. When I pulled Anima’s hand while she was like that into the store, Anima
regained her consciousness and flusteredly shook her head.

[M-Master! I don’t need any of that for myself! Much less, letting Master pay
for it...]

[Ahh, excuse me. Can you fit some outfits for this girl?]

[You’re not even listening?!]

I already expected Anima’s reaction, so I decided to ignore her and talk to the
shopkeeper, asking her to fit her some clothes. I guess it’s to be expected from
a professional, as she quickly picked out a few clothes and told Anima to try
them on, but Anima looks at the clothes in her hands with a puzzled look on her
face.

[...M-Master... For me to wear clothes like this...]

[That’s alright already, so just try it on.]

[...H-However, for me to dress up is...]

[...It’s an order.]

[U-Understood.]

I don’t think this would go anywhere, so I’ll just go command her, something
that I seldomly did. After a short wait in front of the fitting room, the
curtains are slowly opened to reveal Anima, dressed in a black-based,
pants-style outfit. Her top is a beautifully embroidered shirt, with a very
beautiful hue that matches Anima’s black hair.

I can clearly see when she’s dressed in light clothing like this, Anima has a
very good style. The lines of her body are well-defined and toned, her legs are
especially beautiful and slender, while her large bulging chests accentuates her
overall appearance, and her bear ears accentuates her cuteness.

[Unnn. It looks good on you. You look cute.]

[C-Cu—?! T-T-To call this m-m-me something like cute...]

[No, I think you’re really cute. Anima is beautiful and got a great style.]

[W-Wha...]

Anima has a tendency to think that she has no femininity, so when I compliment
her appearance like this, she turns bright red and shaken, which is kind of
charming. While I was enjoying Anima’s cute reaction, the clerk who helped me
picked out the clothes came up to us and spoke.

[Your girlfriend looks beautiful, customer must have been quite happy with her.]

[Wha?! Y-You! What rude things are you—]

[Yes, thank you.]

[Master?!]

It’s just a simple sales talk, so if I try to deny it poorly, it will only be
complicated... Or rather, I could see a future where Anima, thinking that I was
insulted, would punch her in the face, so I noncommittally matched her words and
ended the situation right there. Then, Anima’s face turned bright red and her
mouth opened and closed, not being able to speak anything, so I took this
opportunity that she was being absent minded to go buy her some more clothes.
After a while, Anima recovers from her state of absentmindedness and looking
somewhat flustered, takes out a pouch that seems to be her purse.

[I-I can’t let Master pay for me! I’ll pay for these clothes myself...]

[Ahh, I already paid for it.]

[Eeeehhhhh?!]

[Ah, that’s right. I already bought those clothes you’re wearing, so that’s what
you’re wearing for the rest of the day... And with that, I’m going to put the
clothes you just came in in the magic box.]

[Eh? Ah? M-Master?!]

I ignored Anima, who wasn’t completely following the conversation, and quickly
put away her military-style outfit.

[Now then, how about we go eat something?!]

[Eh? I-I thought that we’re already going home...]

[The day has just begun. Now, let’s go.]

[M-M-M-Master?! Y-Your hand... P-Please wait! Please listen to me!!!]

I knew clearly that it was better to force Anima to take her around with me by
this point already, so I walked out of the shop, holding the flustered Anima’s
hand. Anima has been working so hard on a regular basis, and I’ve been meaning
to take her out for a good meal for a while now, so I think today is just the
right time. It’s a great opportunity, and for the sake of my lovely
servant—Let’s go splurge.

Inviting Anima to eat, a little bit forcefully, we walked down the main street
together.

[What would you like to eat, Anima?]

[N-No, I’m fine with whatever Master decides!]

[...Do you have any favorite food, Anima?]

[My favorite food huh... I can eat anything, but if I had to choose... I’d say
fish dishes, I guess?]

...Was it because she’s a former Black Bear? I certainly have an image of bears
eating salmon, so I guess it makes sense that she likes fish dishes.

[Alright then, let’s go eat some fish dishes!]

[Eh? N-No, I will just...]

[I’m the one who wants to eat fish... There’s no problem with that, right?]

[Uuuuhh, y-yes.]

It was obvious that Anima would refrain with that flow of conversation, so as
usual, I just forcibly made a decision. Today’s main goal is to let Anima
stretch her wings enough... So, I want to make sure that I have a firm grasp of
her preferences here. Remembering the contents of the Eating Tour in its
Entirety Guide that Kuro had given me, I thought about which restaurant to go
to. As I walked down the busy boulevard at lunchtime, I bumped into a man and
woman who was walking in front of me.

[Ah, I’m sorry.]

[No, I’m sorry too.]

We exchanged some light apologies, and were about to continue on our way, but at
that moment... I noticed that Anima, who should have been beside me, wasn’t
there, and at the same time, I heard a low, intimidating voice from behind.

[...You bastards dare bumping into Master, and that kind of apology... is worth
death! Let me see your empty heads rub against the ground—]

[Anima, stop!!!]

[Eh?! Ah, yes!]

I forgot?! Her attitude towards the servants in the mansion had softened due to
the many times I had warned her so much that my mouth got tired of it but...
Come to think of it, Anima had such a stern part of her! Stopping Anima, who was
about to hit him, I hurriedly bowed her head.

[I’m sorry about our Anima!]

[N-No, it’s alright.]

Fortunately, thanks to the fact that I interrupted Anima before she acted
forcefully, I was able to get them to forgive her for trying to assault them.

[Anima! That’s no good, threatening people like that...]

[H-However, those bastards harmed Master...]

[No, it was just a bump in the shoulder, you know?! I was also being careless,
but anyway, don’t try to do anything!]

[Y-Yes... I’m sorry.]

Hearing my words, Anima looked crestfallen and told me an honest apology. D-Did
I scold her a little too harshly? N-No, this is the part where I need to caution
her more!!! Unnn... However, if I don’t make some follow up here... She would be
pitiful.

[...I’m really glad that Anima is moving for me. However, let’s be a bit more
moderate about it, okay?]

[Yes.]

[Unnn. However, thank you, Anima. For being angry for me.]

[Y-Yes!]

Lightly stroking Anima’s head as I said this, she nodded, her expression
brightening up. Unnn, well, there are some troubling parts of her... In the end,
Anima is thinking of me more than anything else, and that honestly makes me
happy. Well, I think I will have to warn her when she rampages again...

Even though there were some problems, we successfully reached a restaurant that
serves fish dishes and ate lunch with Anima. Anima’s usual stern actions makes
her slightly seem like someone who has muscles for brains... but she has good
table manners and conducts her meals with elegance. In fact, Anima seems to be
very smart, and since she has come to live in Lilia-san’s mansion, she’s been
studying quite diligently and she’s using what she’s learned there to help me.
One thing that’s especially helpful is her, organizing my letters... I’ve become
a bit more famous since the Sacred Tree Festival, and I still receive letters
from many nobles.

Thanks to Alice, I don’t get weird letters anymore, but I still get a lot of
invitations to tea parties and gatherings. However, those kinds of letters
rarely get into my hand... That’s because the letters that were addressed to me
were checked by Anima first, and other than those that were personally sent to
me... The ones I don’t want to attend, such as invitations to tea parties, Anima
writes back to decline for me. I was shown a little bit of that letter before,
and it feels like she had learned a lot, as the contents were very polite while
gently declining their invitation. Having her do that really helps me. I’ve
heard that Lunamaria-san and the other servants have taught her how to write
letters, and I think Anima is someone who can do it if she thinks about it, and
she’s someone I can really rely on.

[...Anima, how does it taste?]

[Yes, it’s very good.]

[I see, that’s great.]

I wanted to properly thank Anima for all the hard work she did on a regular
basis, so this outing was just great for me. As I was thinking about this, I saw
some sauce on Anima’s mouth while she was eating, so I called out to her while
holding a napkin in my hand.

[...wait, Anima. Don’t move.]

[Eh?]

[You have some sauce on your mouth... Yes, got it.]

[Whauu?!]

[Whauu?]

[I-It’s nothing! F-For me t-t-to trouble Master! My apologies!!!]

[...U-Unnn. You don’t have to mind it that much, you know?]

After lunch, I continued to take Anima around the place. I think we had quite a
good time... enjoying our time shopping and standing around eating food we
bought from stalls. And just as the surroundings were starting to be dyed in
madder red, I decided to go back to the mansion with Anima, and now we were
walking side by side in the setting sun.

[...Anima, I’ve taken you around a lot, aren’t you tired?]

[Y-Yes! There’s no problem... Rather, ummm, it was really fun for me.]

[I see, that’s good to hear... Did that “make your shoulders relax” a bit?]

[?!]

Hearing my words, when I told her with a gentle smile, Anima stopped in her
tracks with her wide open.

[...As I thought, Master... has noticed huh?]

[...No, I haven’t figured out the details. It’s just that I’ve been wondering if
you’re “feeling rushed” lately...]

Yes, in fact, the reason I took Anima out this time was for another major reason
besides the fact that she hadn’t taken a break at all. Anima is a very serious,
hard-working girl... But even if I take that into account, the emotions conveyed
by Anima through my Sympathy Magic lately had revealed a sense of frustration.
She was being tense about something... I didn’t know the reason why, but I was
hoping that this outing would be a good change of pace.

When she heard my words, Anima remained silent for a while... And lifting her
hand up to her chest and looking at that hand, she quietly muttered.

[...Am I... being helpful to you... Master?]

[...Eh?]

With those words, my Sympathy Magic sensed Anima’s strong anxiety. After
glancing at me, who was at a loss for words because of her expression that made
her look frail, Anima continued to speak.

[...What I can only be proud of compared to others... would be my physical
strength... However, even this strength of mine... It won’t even reach close to
“Alice-dono”‘s feet...]

[...Anima.]

[...I thought that maybe... Master doesn’t need me... I was afraid of that, and
I tried to branch out to see if I could help Master in other things. However, my
abilities couldn’t match the professionals... Being useless like this... I
wonder what I should do... I didn’t know what to do...]

[...]

Anima’s voice is trembling.

...She utterly hated her own stupidity. She’s a tenacious and diligent woman,
but she’s also holding unto her own insecurities for a long time... Why didn’t I
notice it sooner? Now that she mentioned it, it’s certainly true. Anima started
to learn all kinds of things when Alice became my guard... Damn it... I’m really
thickheaded...

No, regretting will be for later. Right now, there are things that should be
done before that. Thinking that, I approached Anima, who was hanging her head
down, and hugged her body, wrapping her in my arms.

[Eh? M-Master?!]

[...I’m sorry. I didn’t realize at all that Anima... that Anima was feeling
anxious about that. I’m sorry, for being a stupid master.]

[N-No?! That’s wrong! This was because my mind was weak...]

[Come to think of it, I didn’t put it into words properly huh... Anima isn’t
useless.]

[?!]

[You’ve always worked hard for me and tried to do things I wasn’t good at...
Anima is a girl I can really count on.]

[...Mas... ter?]

Yes, it was easy for me to wipe away Anima’s anxiety. All I had to do was say my
heartfelt feelings... And yet, this stupid me was really slow in doing it. I
felt really confused the first time I met her, and I had to hold my head once or
twice because of her personality... But before I knew it, Anima, who was always
so straightforward and earnest, and she who adored me wholeheartedly, had become
a very big person in my heart. So much so that I felt it was natural to ask her
to do something for me...

[...For me, Anima is indispensable. That’s why, don’t say such sad things about
you being useless.]

[Ahhh... Aaaaaaahhh...]

As gently as possible, holding her body that was smaller than I expected within
my arms, I say the things I couldn’t say before. The first weakness shown by the
reliable Anima, so that I could firmly receive it...

[...I think I’m less than half the man I am as your master, and I can’t give
precise instructions to Anima who is trying to be my servant... I’m sure that I
won’t be able to assign work to you well in the future.]

[...Uuuuu... Auuu...]

[Our master-servant relationship is difficult for me, and I don’t think I’ll
ever get used to it... However, errr, this is just something I heard other
people say... but for me, my relationship with Anima... Ummm, I’d like it if our
relationship would be something like a family.]

[?!]

Yes, I don’t think I’ll ever be a great master. After all, the ideal
relationship I have in mind is one that is as close to family as Kuro has.
However, if it’s possible, I would like to have that kind of relationship with
Anima.

[That’s why, if you’re fine even if I’m this unreliable... Would you continue
helping me in the future?]

[Y-Yes?! Myself... My everything... My future is all for Master! If Master
allows it, until this body crumbles to dust... Please let me serve you.]

[Unnn. I’ll be in your care...]

[Yes... Yes... Master... I... I am... Having Master as my lord... is my
happiness.]

In the dusk, a silent sob echoes... And along with those gentle tears, I think
it has also washed away all the anxiety she had been feeling.

---

The 29th Day of the Earth month.

I was sitting at my desk in my room, responding to the letters Neun-san had sent
me. Anima handles a lot of my letters, but only those from the people I don’t
know, and the letters sent by Neun-san and Chris-san directly go to my hand.
Neun-san is especially corresponding, as we frequently exchange letters with
each other quite a bit. The contents of the letters are basically uneventful,
and this time, written in beautiful handwriting was about how Raz-san was in a
very good mood and how they ate a seasonal dish. As I was lightly reading over
the letter and writing my response, there was a knock on the door of my room,
and Eta and Theta came in.

[Master. We have come to take care of the laundry.]

[Thanks, then, get the clothes over there...]

The red-haired twin Demons who were once Megiddo-san’s subordinates... Eta and
Theta are currently working tirelessly as maids in the mansion. Although they
are twins, they still seem to have different personalities and specialties, and
are in charge of different jobs. Eta, with her long hair in a ponytail, I don’t
know if I could describe her as someone with a knight-like personality or not,
but I can say that she’s a diligent and capable woman. She was mainly doing the
laundry and cleaning, and she’s also the one who washes the clothes I usually
wear.

[Master, I’ve brought you a cup of tea... desu]

[Thanks, Theta.]

With her hair cut short and a stature that is a bit shorter than Eta, Theta has
a quiet and calm personality. She isn’t very good at using honorifics, but she
has a characteristic way of speaking of adding “desu” at the end of her words
after a brief delay. She seems to be mainly doing the jobs related to cooking,
and she always brings me tea and sweets at just the right time, which is very
helpful. As I watch the two of them getting used to life here in the mansion, I
suddenly remember that I went out with Anima yesterday. Maybe I just don’t know,
but I’m wondering if Eta and Theta are also working too hard... I’ve just
decided to pay attention to those situations, and since they’re both here, I’ll
just ask them here.

[...Speaking of which, how are Eta and Theta doing at work? Is there anything
that’s troubling you?]

[Thank you for your concern. I don’t have any problems.]

[I’m also fine... desu.]

[I see, but in addition to working at the mansion, you’re also doing some
training, right? Don’t push yourself too hard, okay?]

As far as the two of them are concerned, I can’t read any feelings of impatience
in them unlike Anima. It’s true that these two originally said they would serve
me as maids rather than guards, and since the two of them are pulling themselves
together, they may have sorted out their feelings well in that regard. Their
skills as a maid, which were devastating at first, have dramatically improved
under Illness-san’s guidance, and from what I can see, they were now on par with
the other maids in the mansion.

[Yes! Thank you. However, in order to protect Master when the time comes, I will
continue to polish up my battle skills.]

Eta, with a somewhat happy expression on her face after hearing my words,
straightens her back and replies. Just when I thought that she really seemed to
have no worries, I heard some disturbing words.

[...In times of need, it is my role to “protect” Master... Protecting is
impossible for Eta.]

[...What are you trying to say... Theta.]

Reacting to the words Theta blurted out, Eta slightly raised an eyebrow.

[...Eta... have muscles for brains... You just swing your spear and plunge into
enemies... I will protect Master.]

[...Hoohhh... Now you said it... You’re just a dull turtle, relying on defense
while hiding behind your shield... You think you can protect Master just by
shrinking inside your shell?]

[...Wait, you two?]

And with a return of her own, more words overlap, and somehow, the air between
them sharply changed and heavily with each word.

[...You’re just a simple-minded monkey, jumping around, not understanding the
importance of defense.]

[It seems that you don’t know that “offense is the best defense”... However, I
don’t really think that’s the kind of thing you can put into action anyway,
don’t you think, stupid turtle?]

[...]

[...]

Is it just my imagination? I feel like there were sparks exploding between the
two of them now. Then, their eyes are set on each other, and they each take out
their large spear and large shield from wherever they take them out from.

[...Come outside, Theta. That rotten character of yours, showing disrespect to
your elder sister, I will make sure to punch a hole through it.]

[...Don’t think you’re my older sister just because you were born a little
earlier... If I so desire... I could crush you like the bug you are.]

[...Oooiiiii.]

Their eyes perfectly set on each other, they began exchanging words with low
voices and then, they walked out of the room, completely ignoring me. Do the two
of them not get along? No, doesn’t they look like they would start punching each
other without reservation? Well, it’s pretty clear that the situation has turned
troublesome. Moreover, the reason for their fight is that which one of them is
better at protecting me... How should I say this, that’s a strangely difficult
topic they’re talking about.

[...Well, honestly speaking, with me by Kaito-san’s side, I’m enough in terms of
offense and defense, so there isn’t any problem\~\~]

[...Rather than that, why are you just nonchalantly eating my cookies there?]

[It’s to check if you’re being poisoned! If anything happens to Kaito-san, it
would be a disaster! Mmmm, crispy and fragrant... That means it’s dangerous! For
Kaito-san’s safety, I’ll have everyth—Ouch?!]

After having a bit of a silly exchange with Alice, I walked out of the mansion,
curious about how the two are doing, and was soon able to find Eta and Theta.
The result of their fight... It was apparently never settled. How do I know
that? That’s because they’re both peacefully sitting in a seiza, side by side,
with a lump popping out of their heads.

[Good grief! What the heck are you two doing?! Shirking on your duties and
fighting a duel, shame on you two! Become aware that each of your actions could
stain Master’s honor!!!]

[M-My apologies.]

[...I’m sorry.]

In front of the two of them, Anima was crossing her arms in front of her chest
and was angrily scolding them... Unnn. I could already imagine what happened.
The yard is a bit gouged, so they probably went outside to try to fight each
other, and were able to fight in a few rounds. But that’s when Anima found out,
and thus, the both of them got a fist knocked on their heads.

[In the first place, if you want to do that, do it on the training ground!
Damaging the garden of the mansion is outrageous!!! You’re not even being
conscious of your status as Master’s servant!]

[Uuuu... Yes.]

[I don’t have any words to say to that... desu.]

Hmmm. Looking at them like this, I feel like Anima is pretty attached to her
position of being the Chief Retainer. I guess it’s partly because she was able
to get over something that happened yesterday, but I’m somewhat relieved.
W-Well, putting that aside, it’s going to be a long sermon at this point... I
think it’s a problem that they got into a fight, but I feel thankful to Eta and
Theta since they were fighting for my sake, so I’ll give them a little help.

[...Listen here, to begin with, being a follower means...]

[Anima, can you forgive them... with that already?]

[M-Master?!]

[I think the two of them are properly reflecting already...]

[I-If that’s what Master says...]

When I told her that, Anima quickly backed off. I’m also responsible for not
being able to stop them before this happened, and above all, I’m their master,
so I think I should warm them myself and not just leave them to Anima right
here.

[Eta, Theta.]

[ [ Y-Yes! ] ]

[I’m really glad that the two of you are trying to protect me. I’m actually
really weak, and there are so many things I can’t do, so I’m sure that I will
have to rely on the two of you in the future... However, fighting like this is
no good.]

In fact, this time just so happens to be the first time I’ve ever seen Eta and
Theta fighting, and from the fact that they’re usually together a lot, I know
that they’re good friends.

[Both Eta and Theta have your own qualities in what you’re good at. Eta has your
own great qualities, while Theta also had your own, so I hope you’ll respect the
other person as well.]

[...Yes. Eta... I’m sorry. I might be just being jealous of the bright and
strong Eta.]

[No, I should be the one who says sorry. Also, please let me take back my
previous statement. I should have known your strength better than anyone else.
The both of us, we will continue to protect Master together.]

[Unnn.]

As I thought, they seem to be good friends, and they each admitted their
mistakes, apologized, firmly shook each other’s hand and reconciled with each
other. With this, the situation ends...

[Well, I’ll be repeating myself, but just I, myself is enough—Fugyaaahhh?!]

[You, come with me for a sec.]

[Ehh? Ah, wait, Kaito-san, why are your eyes set on—Gyaaahhhh?!]

Eta and Theta, twins with different personalities, they too are people that are
already indispensable to me. Well, putting them aside, I’ve vanquished the evil
that only likes to make fun of others, so I’ll say this again—The situation has
been peacefully settled.
