---
toc: true
---

# Intermission: Six Kings — A Plan in Motion

In the center of the vast Demon Realm... It was called the Forbidden Lands by
those who live in the Demon Realm. There’s nothing in there... No trees, no
flowers, only a wilderness that stretches for a radius of several tens of
kilometers. Not a single living creature is said to live here, and even children
know that Demons shouldn’t go near this land. This was the place where the Six
Kings gathered and used for meetings, and at the same time, it was often used by
the Six Kings as the place to fight in. The land where a battle between the Six
Kings, beings holding immense power, could take place, carelessly stepping into
such a place was tantamount to suicide.

And now, the Six Demons who are the pinnacle of the Demon Realm gathered here.

The oldest Demon and the real pinnacle of the Demon Realm... The Underworld
King, Kuromueina.

She, who is feared not only in the Demon Realm, but also in the Human Realm and
the God Realm... The Death King, Isis Remnant.

She, who is called the conscience of the Six Kings, serving as the bridge
between the realms... The World King, Lillywood Yggdrasil.

The poster child of battle, the being who loves to fight and fiercely seek the
strong, ...The War King, Megiddo Argetes Borgnes.

He, who is the largest creature in the world, a gigantic dragon holding a
physique that pierce the heavens... The Dragon King, Magnawell Baskus Lardo
Kurtzvald.

She, who planted her roots all over the world, holding all information at her
fingertips... The Phantasmal King, No Face.

With the exception of the Festival of Heroes, the Six Kings, who are rarely all
together, slowly and accustomedly take their places in the center of the Demon
Realm. The other five members of the Six King stood at Magnawell’s head, and as
a table and chairs appeared out of nowhere, the five of them took their seats.

[...Let’s get started then.]

[...Unnn.]

[Kuro-san, you called for this meeting, didn’t you? So, what’s the agenda?]

“...Shalltear, you don’t have to be in such a rush.”

As Kuromueina announced the start of the meeting, Shalltear quickly asked about
today’s agenda. Noticing that Shalltear is somewhat in a hurry, Magnawell-san
leisurely asks, to which Shalltear immediately replies.

[I want to end the meeting quickly and get back to guarding Kaito-san. So,
please get on with the main topic already. Let’s hurry this up!]

“Shalltear, you... we are called right at this time, so it must be about the
Festival of Heroes... This is an important meeting for the world. Let me ask you
just in case, between Kaito-san and the world, which one is the...”

[That’s obviously 10-0 votes, in favor of Kaito-san.]

[...I agree.]

“...I understand... I understand already...”

Lillywood’s shoulders slumped in dismay as she saw Shalltear declare without
hesitation that Kaito was more important than the world, and Isis raising her
hand in response. As for Megiddo, the only one who hadn’t joined the
conversation, he was drinking alcohol he had brought with him alone.

“Megiddo, are you not going to join them?”

[Ahh? I don’t care about the meeting... You guys can decide what you want. I
will abide by Kuromueina’s decision.]

[...In a way, I guess Megiddo-san is the smartest person I know.]

Megiddo doesn’t seem to want to participate in the meeting, so after just saying
that he will abide by Kuromueina’s decision, he started drinking again. After
looking at Megiddo with a wry smile, Kuromueina, the one who gathered the Six
Kings, slowly spoke.

[...This time, we’re not discussing the Festival of Heroes.]

“Eh? Is that so? Then, why in the world...”

[...But the agenda today is still just as important. That’s why I hurriedly
gathered everyone.]

[...Did something... happen?]

As Kuromueina began to speak with a somewhat solemn atmosphere, Lillywood and
Isis’ expressions also stiffened, trying to know Kuromueina’s true intentions.

[The problem is that... We don’t have it!]

“Don’t have it? What is?”

[I think that we should have a bigger festival here in the Demon Realm!]

[...F-Fes... tival?]

While looking at Kuromueina, who vigorously declared that, Magnawell and
Shalltear looked somewhat confused and asked back. Thereupon, Kuromueina nodded
with a serious expression and began to talk about what she truly means.

[...The Demon Realm is full of small festivals here and there, but there’s no
festival for the entire Demon Realm, right?]

[That’s right... To begin with, the Demon Realm doesn’t have anything like the
countries in the Human Realm. There certainly are cities here and there, but
they aren’t grouped together, and each region is different.]

[Unnn. That’s why I think having a big festival in the Demon Realm will help
revitalize the Demon Realm.]

“...I see, so Kuromueina, you’re saying that we should have a large-scale
festival in the Demon Realm as well?”

[Unnn! Of course, we would be fumbling around in the beginning, and it will be
difficult to scale it up to be a festival for the entire Demon Realm, so we just
have to take the helm first... Let’s see, with the name of “The Six Kings
Festival”, let’s go make a festival of our own!]

It seems that Kuromueina’s proposal is to hold a large-scale festival in the
Demon Realm, which has the largest population in the three realms. Hearing this
proposal, the other members of the Six Kings... other than Megiddo, looked like
they started thinking about it.

[...Do you have any specific description about it, or a specific time frame in
mind?]

[Hmmm. Because the Festival of Heroes is held in the Heaven month... If we’re
going to start preparing now, how about holding it during the Light month? Since
there are six of us, let’s have it that the festival lasts for six days.]

“I see, it certainly sounds amazing... Moreover, having such a festival would
certainly revitalize the Demon Realm as well.”

“...Indeed. It’s so peaceful these days, so at worst, they would just gather
with people of the same race.”

Hearing Kuromueina’s words, Magnawell and Lillywood agreed that it wasn’t a bad
idea, but for some reason, Shalltear was looking at Kuromueina with a dubious
look on her face. And when Kuromueina had finished saying her piece to some
extent, Shalltear spoke.

[...So, Kuro-san... What’s your “true intention”?]

[...I want to go on a festival date with Kaito-kun!!! However, I can’t do it at
a normal festival because there are too many people and using Recognition
Inhibition Magic would cause a scene!!!]

[...I should have known it was something like that...]

Yes, as Shalltear expected, all those stuff about revitalizing the Demon Realm,
they were just an official stance... Her real motive was that Kuromueina just
wanted to have a date with Kaito at the festival. The mood was agreeable until
just now, but after hearing Kuromueina’s words, Shalltear as well as Lillywood
and Magnawell also have dumbfounded looks on their faces.

[H-However, isn’t it a good idea? We would normally cause a ruckus if we
participated in a festival, but since it’s the first iteration of this festival,
couldn’t we fill the participants with our families... and if all the stalls
were filled with peerage-holding, high-ranked Demons... Even Isis can have a
festival date with Kaito-kun!!!]

[Eh?! I-I agree! I agree!!!]

“...Isis... you...”

However, Isis quickly agreed. It certainly was as Kuromueina said, if the
festival was filled with peerage-holding, high-ranking Demons, moreover, if they
were organized by the subordinates of the Six Kings... even if they were afraid
of Isis, they wouldn’t run away.

In other words, she can have a date with Kaito. That reason alone was enough to
make Isis agree. Isis vigorously raised her hand that it felt like she had just
cut through the air, repeatedly declaring that she was in favor.

Hearing their words, Shalltear put her hand to her chin and seemed to be
thinking about this matter, before her sharp gaze turned towards Kuromueina.

[...Kuro-san, I just wanted to make sure of one important thing...]

[Unnn? What is it?]

[If we are the ones who would open the stores, that means that I, who have the
largest number of subordinates, will have to take the lead... That would mean,
the distribution of sales is?!]

[I don’t really need any money. I mean, if you need the money to set it up, I
can give it to you.]

[?!]

Kuromueina is also the world’s wealthiest person, and her purpose is to have a
date with Kaito in the first place, so she has no interest in sales. Hearing
those words, Shalltear’s eyes widened and her gaze turned towards the other
members of the Six Kings.

[...I don’t need... them either.]

[?!]

“I also don’t want to get more money than I need either. You can take some if
you need it.”

[?!]

Like Kuromueina, Isis, one of the richest people in the world, also told her
that she doesn’t need to share in the sales, and Lillywood, who basically
prefers to stay in nature, did the same.

[Ahh? I don’t give a single fuck about money.]

[?!]

“Did you really think I can use your coins with this body of mine? I have
contracts with my people based on money, but that doesn’t mean I’m even using
them.”

[...Then, does that mean?]

[We don’t need it, so why don’t you just have it, Shalltear?]

[...I guess it can’t be helped! For the sake of the Demon Realm, let me pinch in
and help too!!!]

All the sales would be hers. As soon as Shalltear heard that, Shalltear already
decided to agree with Kuromueina’s proposal in Shalltear’s mind.

[Fufufu, with this, I have a mountain of assets to gamble...]

[Kaito-kun would get mad at you again, you know?]

[Ughh...]

[...I’ll go send... a hummingbird... to Kaito.]

[Aahhhh?! Wait, Isis-san?! Anything but that...]

Watching the sight of Shalltear clinging to Isis as she tries to snitch to Kaito
about what Shalltear said using a hummingbird, Lillywood lets out a small sigh.

“...I suppose that’s 3 in approval... 4 if we include Megiddo... So, I guess
it’s decided then?”

“I suppose...”

[...It’s not like you all need to be this long-winded anyway?]

“ “ Eh? ” ”

As Lillywood and Magnawell were conversing with each other, seeing that more
than half of them were in favor of the proposal, Megiddo, who was rolling around
with several barrels of booze around him before they knew it, spoke.

[Kuromueina, our leader wants us to do that... Then, do we really need to think
about what we should do about that?]

“...That’s right.”

“Umu, I guess you’re really a smart guy huh.”

What Megiddo is saying... is that this suggestion is something Kuromueina wants.
With just those few words, Lillywood and Magnawell’s minds were made up, and
they deeply nodded.

[But be that as it may, can’t we work out our schedule a little bit?]

[Unnn? What do you mean? Would Shalltear prefer to hold it another day?]

[No, since the Festival of Heroes is held on the 30th day of the Heaven month,
it would be a good balance to hold it at the end of Light month, but for this
time’s festival only, I think it would be prudent to move it.]

The Six Kings looked at Shalltear, who told them that she agrees to hold the Six
Kings Festival, but that the date needs to be changed.

[If we proceed according to Kuro’s plan, it will take about a month to hold that
festival... Well, as for the preparation itself, I’m sure we can have it
prepared with a lot of time left. However, you were thinking of making the first
time this festival is held by invitation only, right?]

[Unnn, that’s what I’m thinking...]

[That being the case, the people we would invite would be beings of a certain
high status. Nobles, Kings, big merchants... and people with personal
achievements.]

[U-Unnn. That’s right.]

[If that’s the case, there would be people among them who would find it
difficult to adjust their schedule. So, shouldn’t we give them a little more
time to adjust their schedules?]

What Shalltear said was quite reasonable, and Kuromueina, hearing this, crossed
her arms and began to think about it.

“It was indeed as Shalltear said. We should wait at least 2 months before
holding this festival.”

“I agree. Well then, how about holding only the first iteration of the festival
in the Fire month? After that, we would hold the second and the iterations after
that in the Light month...”

Agreeing with Shalltear’s words, Magnawell and Lillywood brought out ideas, to
which Kuromueina nodded her head.

[I guess you’re right. Well then, just for the first iteration, we will have it
held in the Fire month... Isis and Megiddo, are you okay with that too?]

[...Unnn... I’m alright with it.]

[Yeah, no problem here too.]

[It’s settled then.]

And thus, this day is the beginning of the unprecedented festival, dedicated for
the Six Kings... and the day that the Six Kings Festival has been determined.

---

[...Arehh? What is this? I kind of feel chilly just now...]

And yet again, the young man who had caused such an unprecedented festival to
take place didn’t know about it.
