---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 4: Blessing of Time

The 21st day of the Earth month.

I’m currently getting ready in front of the mirror. In the mirror, I’m dressed
in a gleaming black-based formal attire, and my hair set so slickly that I
looked like a noble... perhaps. This outfit was given to me by Lilia-san the
other day, and it looks like she prepared it for the place we’re heading to this
time.

Today, I will be attending the birthday party of Amalie, the first princess of
the Symphonia Kingdom, at the royal palace. Amalie-san is the first in line to
the throne, so this party seems to be quite the prestigious one, so I have to
dress appropriately to attend. After checking in front of the mirror a few more
times, I heard a knock on the door and along with Sieg-san, who came to pick me
up, we went to the carriage that had been prepared for us. As we continued down
the corridor side by side, Sieg-san looked at me with a serious expression on
her face and spoke.

[...It’s finally time, isn’t it?]

[Yes.]

Of course, Sieg-san knows what this party means. No, since she’s one of the
people concerned with this situation, she would obviously know about it. The
purpose of this party was not only to celebrate Amalie-san’s birthday, but
there’s something of great significance that would happen on this day.

For Lilia-san, Sieg-san and Lunamaria-san, it’s the day to settle a past feud...
Today, Lilia-san brought the evidence Alice has gathered for her and would use
it to expose the crimes of the nobles who once entrapped the Second Division of
the Knights Order. The scenario seems to have been assembled by Alice and has
already been passed on to Lilia-san, as well as to Ryze-san and Amalie-san. I
don’t know the details that much though... To be honest, I’m not a great actor,
and so that I wouldn’t accidentally slip it out, I decided on not asking
anything at all. It’s just that, my only regret is that... The fact that this
party is a very prestigious one means that the number of people allowed into
will be considerably narrowed down.

[...Luna and I will not be allowed in the assembly hall. Kaito-san... Please
take care of Lili.]

[Yes... Though I said that, it’s not like I can do anything special...]

The people can attend this party are limited to the head of the house with a
peerage within the Symphonia Kingdom, the head’s marriage partner and their
child who is first in line to being their successor, and the rest of the limits
were restricted for guests from other countries, and since Lilia-san is the head
of the house, she’s eligible to attend, but I’m originally not allowed to
attend. Thanks to Ryze-san arranging for me as a substitute for Mitsunaga-kun,
who was playing the role of Hero, I was able to enter the assembly hall as well.
No, well, even without that, I’m sure it would work out if someone like Kuro
arranged it for me but... I can’t make myself conspicuous at all, since the
leading actor of this play is Lilia-san.

[Just the mere fact that Kaito-san is accompanying Lili makes her voice as a
noble stronger, and that alone is more than enough support.]

[Is that so... Well, if I can help Lilia-san, I’ll do my best.]

[Yes, I’ll be waiting for the good news.]

More than a dozen minutes of travel by carriage... We finally arrived at the
royal castle, and what I saw was an overwhelming sight of gleaming carriages
lined up in rows. Just the fact that there are lots of authoritative personnel
gathering in this place, is enough reason as to why the security in this place
is so tight... Many knights were lined up around the gates of the castle, ready
to move when needed. We presented our invitation to the gatekeeper and entered
the castle. Only those with an invitation are allowed to enter the assembly
hall, but each person may bring up to three guards to the assembly hall. As for
Alice, I decided not to count her as she would make a scene if she showed up, so
I asked Anima, Eta and Theta to follow me as my guards.

All three of them had been instructed by Sieg-san and Lunamaria-san beforehand,
and so, they were following behind at a distance from Lilia-san and I, who were
walking side by side.

[I knew that this was supposed to be such a place that would have tight
security, but the atmosphere is different from the last time we came here.]

{Yes, the First Princess is that important to this country.]

[...I wonder if it’s alright though? She’s letting us use the assembly hall that
was supposed to be for an important occasion...]

I whispered to Lilia-san, who was dressed in a beautifully decorated, luxurious
dress instead of the simple one she always wore. Pursuing the sins of the past
in a place where a great number of nobles gathered... This should be very
effective, and hopefully, public opinion will be on Lilia-san’s side.
Incidentally, as far as timing apparently goes, the most effective time is right
before the party starts, and that’s where we’re going to do it.

[It’s alright. That child is much tougher than I am. Anyway, I have no doubt
that she will definitely use it to successfully solidify her own position.]

[I-Is that the case?]

[Yes, the call of the most likely candidate for the throne isn’t that much
before she herself becomes the king after all.]

When I met her before, she looked like a bright and elegant princess, but that
was just the way she interacted with her family, and apparently, she behaves
differently in official assembly halls. I guess I should say that it’s to be
expected from royalty huh...

In the meantime, we reached the entrance of the assembly hall and at one end, we
were separated from all the guards here.

[Well then, Master. We will wait in standby in the vicinity of the assembly
hall. If anything happens, we’ll immediately rush over, so don’t worry.]

[Unnn. I’m counting on you, Anima.]

[Hahh!]

[Eta and Theta too, I’m counting on you two.]

[ [ Yes! ] ]

Encouraged by their firm responses, I took one look at Lilia-san next to me, who
was also being encouraged by Sieg-san and Lunamaria-san, and then, we walked
into the assembly hall together. Inside the assembly hall, it looked like an
extravagant room that I’ve only seen from anime and games. It was such a
dazzling and overwhelming sight that I felt as if the entire hall was shining.
Everywhere I looked, I could see wealthy-looking... people that seem to be
nobles.

Ah, this is bad... I’m starting to get nervous now. It’s not like I’m going to
do anything directly, but a place where so many people are gathered together is
still a hard hurdle to overcome for a former loner like me. While I was thinking
like that, I felt the hem of my clothes being lightly plucked. Turning around, I
saw Lilia-san, looking at me with a slightly anxious expression on her face.

[...This is no good. I have been away from social circles for a while now... and
standing here makes me strangely nervous.]

[It certainly is a pretty amazing sight, isn’t it? ...I’m also strangely
nervous.]

[Even Kaito-san is nervous?]

[Wait right there, Lilia-san? What the heck do you think I am?]

[I-I’m sorry?!]

I don’t know what kind of being with nerves of steel I’m being made to be in
Lilia-san’s mind... I think she was just overestimating me, but that also shows
how much she trusts me, so I’m a bit... no, I’m quite happy. For all sorts of
things, Lilia-san has been helping me ever since I came to this world. If
Lilia-san wasn’t the first person I met when I first arrived in this world...
I’m sure that I wouldn’t be the person I am today. That’s why I’m grateful to
Lilia-san from the bottom of my heart, and why I want to be her strength when
the time comes.

[...Lilia-san, I know there’s not much I can do for you but... I will be rooting
for you. Please do your best.]

[...Kaito-san. Thank you. Those words are really reassuring.]

Hearing my words, Lilia-san happily smiled, and looked around the assembly hall,
her eyes filled with a strong light... and silently stared at a certain spot.
Lilia-san’s dearest wish... to confront the people who once tormented Lilia-san
and the others—is just around the corner.

---

At the same time, a light fills the building behind the temple in the Symphonia
Kingdom, where the gate leading to the God Realm is located.

[...Now then, according to Phantasmal King’s letter, it’s about time...]

The Goddess begins to leisurely walk, her deep blue hair fluttering with the
wind and her differently-colored eyes stared forward.

The scenario written by the Phantasmal King, No Face... And she plays an
important role in it. She’s Lilia’s trump card.

[Well then, I guess I should also head towards the royal palace...]

After muttering that, the Supreme God who governs time... Chronois went to her
friend to stand by her side.

---

An area raised from the level of the wide assembly hall. That’s where Ryze-san,
the King, and Amalie-san, the leading actress of this party, appeared. This
indicates that the party will soon begin, and a whisper that resounded in my
ears confirmed it.

[It’s going to start huh\~\~]

[...Alice? Where are you?]

[I’m just around the corner. I would cause quite the ruckus though, so I didn’t
show myself.]

I can hear Alice’s voice... but I can’t see her. However, maybe it’s because I
don’t know the details of the scenario, I’m somehow feeling pretty anxious right
now, so it’s really reassuring to know that Alice is nearby.

[Well, please don’t worry... “About 20% of the attendees” are under my command.
I’m well prepared for any unforeseen circumstances, you know?]

[...I see, that’s very reassuring.]

[Well then, if you need anything else, just let me know.]

Saying that, Alice’s voice disappears. Probably staying silent for a moment as
the party is about to begin. But still... 20% of the people in this assembly
hall are under her command? Seriously, thinking about it again, Alice is
actually one of the most outrageous beings in this world huh. For her to even
have her roots within the pillar of the country like this...

I can somewhat understand the reason why the Phantasmal King is feared by
others. Perhaps, they were thinking that Alice... the Phantasmal King, No Face,
is a being that should never antagonize in this world. As one of the Six Kings,
she has the power to shake the heavens and earth... isn’t the reason, as the
greatest threat are her subordinates. Because antagonizing Alice... means
antagonizing her countless subordinates around the world. That means that they
would be exposed to the horror of suddenly having their own head cut off by
their most trusted confidant, or even their own beloved family. I don’t know if
I should say that it’s to be expected from her or not, but I guess Alice really
is the most frightening one among the Six Kings.

Ahh, while I was thinking about this, Ryze-san looked around the hall while
standing on the stage and slowly spoke.

[I would like to thank everyone for coming here today to celebrate my daughter,
Amalie’s birthday. I’m glad to see so many faces, and I’m happy to see the
strength of the unity of our Symphonia Kingdom once again.]

The majestic and confident tone of voice, and the fact that he uses “I”
^(余/Yo)^ rather than “I” ^(私/Watashi)^ that he often use in private, made me
realize once again that Ryze-san is a king. Ryze-san then began talking about
the country for a while, before ending his speech with a small smile on his
face.

[...Well then, hoping that this day will be a good memory for everyone, this is
where I end my speech.]

Saying that, Ryze-san takes a step back, and this day’s leading actress
Amalie-san steps forward. Amalie-san slowly looked around at the nobles gathered
in the hall, and after blinking once, she spoke with a dignified expression on
his face.

[Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for taking the time to attend today.
Although I am still a young woman who has just turned 20, I have as much love
for our country as everyone does. As I will be the future leader of our country.
I hope to join hands with all of you here and contribute to the development of
our Kingdom of Symphonia.]

She also made a magnificent and splendid speech... I can’t believe she’s younger
than me. I don’t know if I should say that it’s to be expected from royalty or
not, but the way she speaks on the stage looks very picturesque and cool. Just
like Ryze-san, Amalie-san talked about the country for a while before she
concluded her words. She was about to announce the start of the party, but at
that moment, Lilia-san raised her hand.

[What is it? Duchess Albert?]

After Lilia-san raised her hand, she got down on one knee and asked for
permission to speak, to which Amalie-san responded in a slightly cold voice.

[...His Majesty, the King, Her Highness, the Princess... First of all, I
apologize for my rudeness at the celebration. I would like to take this
opportunity to ask your permission to speak on something I would like to say.]

[Something that you really need to speak on such an important occasion... I
assume that it would be quite the important one?]

[Yes.]

[I understand. Duchess Albert... You have my permission to speak.]

Although the two of them are close, it seems that in an official venue, they
need to only talk to each other befitting of their social status, as the First
Princess and the Duchess, and they exchanged words with each other in a stiff
tone of voice. When Amalie-san told her that she was allowed to speak, Lilia-san
deeply bows her head once and then stands up.

[...In this gathering of so many people who are responsible for their own
countries, I just want to make something clear to the public... There are those
in this room who will draw their bows to their own beloved country.]

Hearing Lilia-san’s calm, yet powerful words, the surroundings fell silent, as
if they were suddenly splashed with water. Well, that should be obvious...
Because what Lilia-san just said is that there are traitors in this country...

[...That’s something I can’t just calmly hear about, Duchess Albert. If that
really was the case, it would be quite the disappointment... Before all these
people, if what you said is just a misunderstanding... I will not let you easily
get away with it, you understand?]

[I’m ready for that. May I give out their names?]

[...Say it.]

Like Amalie-san, Ryze-san also spoke in a very solemn tone, to which Lilia-san
responded to him with a serious expression on her face... before announcing the
names of two nobles. The people that Alice investigated... a Count and a
Viscount that were sent to the frontiers...

At that moment, the quiet assembly hall suddenly became noisy. That should be
obvious why, as from the information I’ve heard so far, those two nobles hold
quite the authority, and thus, many of them must have interacted with each
other.

Of the two who were mentioned, a man dressed in a more lavish costume...
Probably the Count, spoke.

[My, oh my, what a surprise, this is... I have served this country for a long
time. And you think I’m rebelling against the country? I’d certainly like to
hear it... Where you’re basing those thoughts from.]

[Umu... Everyone, be quiet. Duchess Albert. Speak, what have these two men
done?]

[...Yes.]

The Frontier Count and the Viscount still currently looked quite carefree. Both
of them must be confident that they didn’t leave any trail behind. As a tense
atmosphere dominated the hall, Lilia-san didn’t waver and continued to speak.

[Your Majesty, the King, do you remember the incident that struck the Second
Division of the Knights Order four years ago?]

[Umu, I remember the tragic event where a miscommunication nearly destroyed the
division and many people were injured, though thankfully, none of them were
killed. Moreover, I do remember... that you were the Divisional Commander at
that time.]

[Yes. There were many who put down their swords and left the Knights Order
because of that incident. With all due respect, let me ask you something. Your
Majesty, the King... What if the incident was orchestrated by someone?]

[...What?]

With those words, the surroundings became noisy again, and Ryze-san had to tell
them to be quiet again. Thereupon, as the silence had fallen again, Lilia-san
spoke.

[The Knight Order are the guardian of our country, protector of our people. The
country’s sword and shield... And to spread false information to that Knight
Order and put them in a predicament... I consider it an unforgivable crime.]

[...It certainly is. Doing such an act is nothing short of treasonous to the
country.]

[I see... That is to say, what Duchess Albert is trying to say is that the two
of us have committed such crimes... Good gracious, how dreadful. And? The
brilliant Duchess Albert... obviously wouldn’t make such an accusation without
any evidence, right?]

Hearing Lilia-san and Ryze-san’s conversation, the Frontier Count and the
Viscount exaggeratedly held their heads and announced with creepy smiles on
their faces. They seem to be expecting that she held no proof at all, and how
should I say this... Looking at them pisses me off. However, I clamped my
irritation down when I heard Lilia-san’s next words.

[Yes, I obviously do.]

[...What?]

[Your Majesty, the King, please look at these. These are the information that
has been swapped, the tools that were used to prepare it, the paper that had
typographical errors, the reports of their actions over the past few days... and
the people who were involved in its execution, which have now been secured by
us.]

[ [ Wha?! ] ]

I guess they didn’t expect this much evidence to pop up, as both the Frontier
Count and the Viscount are astonished. The carefree expression they had changed,
and their faces turned pale. Receiving the evidence from Lilia-san, Ryze-san
looked through each one of them before looking at the two nobles.

[...I see, this would certainly be sufficient evidence... The both of you, any
words you’d like to say?]

[Ahh... No, that is...]

[T-That is... ummm...]

Receiving Ryze-san’s sharp glare, the Frontier Count and the Viscount turned
pale and they began sweating like a waterfall. In this situation, they only have
two options left... One is to uprightly admit their sins... The second is...
Resolutely not admit their sins and try to talk their way out...

[T-That is forgery! W-We have done no such thing!!!]

[That’s right! It’s just a conspiracy to undermine us!]

And it seems that they chose the latter huh... For them to admit their sins
here, in this place where all the nobles of varying countries are gathered, it
will definitely bring their ruin. They’re going to persistently not admit their
sins. In this case, it would just turn into an unsightly mud-slinging argument.
I feel like the blame game is about to begin but... It seems like that wouldn’t
happen. As if to cut through the atmosphere created by the Frontier Count and
the Viscount’s clamoring, the doors of the hall were vigorously opened, and a
certain being appeared, wearing an overwhelming presence and magical power.

[...I will be intruding.]

[T-This is G-Goddess of Time-sama?!]

The one who opened the door and appeared was the Goddess who governs time...
Chronois-san. The unexpected appearance of the Supreme Goddess immediately
filled the assembly hall with astonishment. In that noisy room, Chronois-san
leisurely walked and moved in front of Ryze-san.

[Symphonia King. I’m sorry for the sudden visit... but may I borrow this
occasion for a moment?]

[O-Of course.]

[Umu, I thank you.]

After declaring in a dignified tone that she was going to borrow this occasion,
and nodding her head when she saw Ryze-san’s approval, Chronois-san slowly moved
in front of Lilia-san and spoke.

[Lilia Albert... We will now be conducting your “True Blessing”.]

[Yes... It’s a tremendous honor.]

The words that Chronois-san declared caused the assembly hall the most
astonishment of the day. The True Blessing of the Supreme God... That is
certainly an unprecedented incident among the unprecedented incidents... It’s a
situation that gives anyone astonishment. In the midst of the commotion,
Chronois-san quietly waved her hand in response to the buzzing surrounding.
Thereupon, the noisy people shut their mouths at once and the hall was once
again filled with silence.

[By my name——By the name of Chronois——I tell the perpetual time.]

As her overwhelming presence befell on everyone, Chronois-san’s voice resounded
in the silent room.

[That this person——Lilia Albert——is one I acknowledge worthy of my blessing.]

Her resounding voice is solemn, and every word reaching my ears is filled with
certainty and power.

[Therefore——By my name——By the name of Chronois——I command the time.]

A dazzling light dances around Lilia, who had dropped down on her knees with her
lowered, converging on Lilia-san’s body.

[Oh, Perpetual Time——Protect this being and lead her to the dazzling future——By
my name——By the name of Chronois——That this one’s name——That the name of Lilia
Albert——As the one I bestowed my blessings——To be inscribed in time——in
conjunction with my name.]

So much light gathered on Lilia-san’s body that she couldn’t keep her eyes open,
until she ended it with her closing words.

[I grant upon you——the Blessing of Time.]

With those words, all the light is sucked into Lilia-san’s body and her blessing
is completed.

Then, as Lilia-san slowly looked up, Chronois-san quietly spoke.

[Lilia Albert.]

[Yes.]

[From now on, you are now under my divine protection... And from this time
forward, I give you permission to speak in my name.]

[Hahh! I respectfully received it!!!]

Reaching this point, I can somehow understand now what scenario Alice had
written. Right now, Lilia-san was given an absolute trump card, namely the
Supreme God, Chronois-san.

Then, Lilia-san slowly stood up and exercised the trump card she was given to
the Frontier Count and the Viscount, who had currently stiffened with their face
ghastly pale.

[...In the name of the God of Time and Space, Chronois-sama, I ask of you. Your
crimes that I have declared, they were true, weren’t they?]

If this happens, there’s no way they can escape. Lilia-san asked, using
Chronois-san’s name. Answering this question falsely would be an act equivalent
to turning their blade on the Supreme God, Chronois-san. The Frontier Count and
the Viscount, with faces that already went passed pale and turned white, kneeled
down in front of Lilia-san and bowed their heads.

[...Yes.]

[...It’s true.]

With trembling bodies, they hung their heads and admitted their sins. This
admission will be recognized by the nobles gathered here, and by the Supreme
God, Chronois-san, and will be exposed as a sin that they can’t overturn. Seeing
this, Lilia-san deeply exhaled, as if the burden she held on her shoulders
disappeared, before she turned to me and smiled.

The fated battle between Lilia-san and the two nobles occurred. The result—It
ended with Lilia-san’s complete victory.

With the exit of the Frontier Count and the Viscount, the assembly hall became
buzzing again as Ryze-san announced that the party had finally commenced.
Chronois-san also told them that she won’t participate in the party, but she
will stay here until it’s over, making the people within the assembly hall very
excited. It’s rare for the Supreme God, Chronois-san, to visit the Human Realm
outside of the Festival of Heroes... Unnn, rare... is what it should have been.
Because of the fact that we’ve met so many times, I don’t really get that
impression at all, but for the rest of the people here, it’s as if a tremendous
celebrity showed up at a country-sponsored party. It would make it seem like the
future of this country is in safe hands now.

As the party started, we heard a beautiful performance, and at that moment,
Lilia-san grabbed my hand and hurriedly pulled me away.

[Kaito-san! Please “dance” with me.]

[Eh? Eeehhh?! Wait, Lilia-san? I don’t know anything about dancing at all...]

[It’s alright. I’ll be taking the lead.]

For some reason, Lilia-san seemed to be in a hurry, as she vigorously pushed me
to move and start dancing with her. Of course, since I have no experience in
ballroom dancing at all, it isn’t a surprise that I can’t dance at all, but
Lilia-san seems to be a good dancer, slowly dancing for me, who isn’t used to
dancing, so even though I was dancing awkwardly, I still somehow managed to
follow her lead. With Lilia-san’s instruction, my hand was placed over
Lilia-san’s waist, conveying how slender and soft it is, and the fact that they
were almost close together made Lilia-san look awfully clear. Her glittering
golden hair, her sapphire eyes... The blonde-haired, blue-eyed beauty who looks
like a princess out of the story... No, well, she’s actually a former
princess... Anyway, there’s no reason not to be nervous about being in close
contact with such a beautiful woman.

However, why did she suddenly decide to dance with me? It’s true that there
would be ballroom dances in noble parties but...

It seems like Lilia-san is dancing on the same steps as mine, so since I think
we would have enough composure to talk for a bit, so I nervously called out to
her.

[U-Ummm, Lilia-san?]

[...T-That was close. Thank goodness Kaito-san was close by.]

[...Eh?]

[We were almost surrounded by the nobles all over the assembly hall.]

[...Ahh.]

Hearing Lilia-san’s murmur, the questions I had earlier are resolved. Lilia-san
is someone who received the True Blessing from the Supreme God, Chronois-san...
She is someone who can be said to have accomplished something that is first ever
in the history of the Humans, making her truly the woman of the hour. That being
the case, the other nobles would naturally rush to Lilia-san’s side. If they
were to interact with Lilia-san, it would lead to having some sort of connection
to the Supreme God as well...

I see, that’s why Lilia-san was in a hurry to start dancing with me... Since the
person she’s dancing with can’t be approached by the other nobles, so she can
somehow adjust her situation.

[...Kaito-san, I’m sorry. I’m going to have to ask you to keep dancing for a few
more songs... Near the exit of the assembly hall... I want to tell Luna and Sieg
as soon as possible, so I’ll leave for a bit.]

[I understand.]

[I’ll be back after about half an hour or so, and then, let’s go talk with
Amalie. So, it would be helpful if you would stay near the entrance of the
assembly hall.]

[Roger that.]

We couldn’t just come to Amalie’s birthday party and leave without
congratulating her. There was an option to leave the assembly hall with
Lilia-san but... I guess that wouldn’t be a good idea. If it’s just Lilia-san,
she can play nice and spread it around as such, but I can’t do that kind of
thing. Well, I’m not sure I’m comfortable with the idea of being left here... If
push comes to shove, I can hang out with the Emperor who has been waving at me
out of the corner of my eye...

I continued dancing with Lilia-san for a few songs, walking a bit and after we
reached the entrance, the song that was currently playing was coming to an end
right at that moment. Thereupon, Lilia-san spoke to me with a gentle smile on
her face.

[...Kaito-san, Thank you so much.]

[Eh?]

[Since you came to this world, since you let me meet Chronois-sama... I’ve
finally been able to settle my past.]

[No, that is...]

I’m not saying I personally didn’t do anything. but if the burden on Lilia-san’s
shoulders has been lifted a bit, I’m really glad. Then, at the end of the song,
the sound of the instruments echoed loudly in the finale, and the moment the
other participants and my eyes moved to the orchestra, Lilia-san stopped.

[...Eh? Lilia-san]

This was supposed to be the moment when Lilia-san could sneak out of the
venue... but for some reason, she stiffened as she looked up towards my face.

[Lilia-san?!]

[...Eh? Ahh?! M-My apologies! Please excuse me!!!]

When I called out to her in a loud voice, a flustered look appeared on
Lilia-san’s face before she, in a great hurry, literally ran out of the hall.
Not understanding the reason for her strange behavior, I just stared at the door
through which she had left, tilting my head in confusion.

---

Lilia comes to Lunamaria and Sieglinde, who were waiting outside the venue, a
little further away from the entrance, with her face down.

[Lili, great job there.]

[We saw those nobles being taken away... You finally did it, Milady!]

When they see Lilia, they both run up to her, happy that she has accomplished
her long-cherished dream, but for some reason, Lilia still holds her head down
and doesn’t respond.

[...Lili?]

[...Milady?]

In front of the two people who tilted their heads at the situation, Lilia
wordlessly stepped forward... and immediately hit her head on a nearby wall.

[M-Milady?]

(W-What in the world is this... My body feels hot. My heart is racing... and I
can’t calm down at all.)

Not replying to Lunamaria-san’s words of concern, she put her hand to lean
against the wall she just hit her head on.

(Something that’s been bothering me for a long time has been resolved, and
that’s thanks to Kaito-san, and when I was dancing with Kaito-san, I felt so
happy and blessed... and then... “I found myself just watching Kaito-san in
fascination”... that I was at a loss for words.)

[E-Errr, Lili? Are you alright?]

Sieglined tried calling out to her with the same concern, but Lilia still didn’t
seem to have heard her and just held her head in her hands. Yes, the moment that
their last dance ended... Looked up to Kaito’s face and her mind went blank. A
face that she should have been familiar with looked impossibly cool in her eyes.

(...Why... How come... Ahh, I see... So that’s... how it is.)

With doubts floating around in her mind, Lilia seemed to have thought of the
origin of her troubles.

(It’s not that I hadn’t been aware of this until now. However, I wasn’t so sure
back then. But today... I’m quite certain.)

Until now, Lunamaria had been teasing her about this, in which she would
hurriedly refute her. However, that is something... she could refute no longer.

(...I don’t know... when this started... but that’s how it is huh... I was...)

As she vaguely recalls Kaito’s face in front of hers earlier, Lilia’s heart beat
faster again and her cheeks blushed a bit.

(...I was in love... with Kaito-san.)

As she clearly recognized it, albeit in her mind, Lilia’s face instantly turned
bright red.

(No, no, let’s wait a moment. I may be sure that I’m in love with Kaito-san...
but how can I meet Kaito-san, when I feel like my face is about to explode from
embarrassment...)

Yes, even if they dealt with their past, their day just won’t end. After all,
Lilia still has to go back to the venue after this and greet Amalie together
with Kaito...

When she was a princess, although she knew that in some cases, political
marriage was necessary, she herself hadn’t fallen in love. She did have a
potential fiancée... but he was still only a candidate, and was someone who ran
away before they even had a face-to-face meeting. And after that, having grown
up in an all-female environment... Clearly speaking, this would be Lilia’s first
love.

[Wait?! Milady?!]

[Lili?!]

Lilia started banging her head against the wall repeatedly, and Lunamaria and
Sieglinde, slightly frightened by the situation, hurriedly called out to her.

(There’s no way I can meet him again like this now?! I mean, I can’t even look
at Kaito-san’s face anymore!!!)

[...M-Milady... I-If you keep doing that... It’s going to break, “the wall
is”...]

Worried about the wall Lilia had been hitting her head so many times, Lunamaria
fearfully called out to her... Before Lilia-san finally turns to her, her face
bright red and a tearful expression on her face.

[Luna... Sieg... I feel... so embarrassed... that I want to die. What on earth
am I going to do?!]

[I’m very sorry, but I have no idea what’s going on at all.]

[Same here...]

After drawing near to Lilia, who looked completely confused, Lunamaria and
Sieglinde exchanged glances for a moment and tilted their heads, and began
trying to somehow calm Lilia down.

---

The Frontier Count and the Viscount, whose former crimes had been exposed to the
public, had been immediately taken into custody by King Ryze’s instructions and
taken away by the Knights. They will be left in prison temporarily to wait for
judgment... Is how it should have been, but for some reason, the Knights didn’t
bring the two men to the prison, but moved them to the courtyard of the royal
palace instead.

[...W-Why are we led here...]

[W-What the heck are you planning?]

There wasn’t even a single soul in the courtyard where they arrived, and the
moon in the night sky gave them an unusually quiet and eerie feeling, so they
felt agitated and asked the Knights... but the reply came back from elsewhere.

[I made them bring you here, you know... It’s written in the scenario after
all.]

[ [ ? ! ] ]

In the darkness of the night, a high-pitched voice rang out, and a being dressed
in jet-black robes appeared in front of them.

[...P-Phantasmal King...]

[...No Face-sama?]

At the appearance of the Phantasmal King, No Face, the faces of the Frontier
Count and the Viscount are colored with despair. The reason for this is
simple... The Phantasmal King is someone who doesn’t allow the existence of
someone she deems as an obstacle to the world... and will mercilessly erase
them. That is to say, the fact that the Phantasmal King appeared in front of
them makes it frighteningly clear what their future will be.

[...Whether it’s Kaito-san and Duchess Lilia, they are both kind, aren’t
they\~\~ They just exposed your crime and left the rest for the country to
judge... Well, if you ask me, that’s quite naive of them... I also like
Kaito-san’s naiveness and simpleness, so that’s exactly why I wrote them such a
scenario... However, I secretly added a little something in the ending.]

[...Ahhh, ahhh...]

[Resenting Kaito-san and getting revenge to Kaito-san... Thinking about that,
wouldn’t that be troublesome... That’s why, you know, wouldn’t it be quicker if
I just kill you both here?]

Saying that with a chillingly cold voice, No Face pulls out a dagger, reflecting
the moonlight. Just a little swing, just a gentle brush, and their lives would
have been over... but the dagger was never waved at them. Because before she
could do that, a new shadow appeared and stood in between the Phantasmal King
and the two of them.

[...What do you mean by that? Kuro-san?]

[You can’t do that... Kaito-kun doesn’t want such a thing.]

[I know that... However, even if there’s just a measly 1% chance that they would
harm Kaito-san, I will never overlook it. Even if they say that they won’t do
him any harm... I don’t care.]

[I’m not saying that you have to overlook them. However, you can’t kill them...
If that happens, I’m sure Kaito-kun will feel responsible.]

[...]

Suddenly appearing and glaring at each other, the Phantasmal King and the
Underworld King... The Frontier Count and the Viscount are so confused by the
situation that they can’t even say a word. Hearing Kuromueina’s words, No Face
was silent for a while... before she slowly lowered her dagger.

[...I understand. However, so that they wouldn’t even think of opposing us, I
will show them hell. Is that alright?]

As soon as she muttered that, a glowing purple magic orb floated above No Face’s
hand and she moved it in front of the two nobles.

[ [ ? ! ] ]

[...Nightmare Fortune.]

[ [ ? ! ? ! ] ]

In the next moment, the magic orb shot out an intense light several times and
instantly reaped the consciousness of the two men. What No Face used is a magic
that shows nightmares... From this, every time they sleep, the two nobles will
continue to have nightmares just as if they were before a bottomless darkness.
As she watched the Frontier Count and the Viscount tumbled down, the Knights who
had been waiting by the side carried them and started bringing them to the
prison, No Face coldly muttered.

[What you’ll face if you turn your resentment to Kaito-san and Duchess Lilia...
Please study carefully in your dreams. For the time being, I’ve prepared about
1000 different ways for you to enjoy your destruction in a thousand ways...]

[You’re really relentless... Wouldn’t they be afraid of sleeping and end up
having a mental breakdown?]

[I dunno? When it happens, it happens... Also, I’ve always said this, but
Kuro-san, you’re just being naive. Well, I like that kind of naivety in you too
but... I have no intention of being naive myself.]

After answering Kuromueina’s words, No Face turned away and started walking
towards the exit of the courtyard.

[I will not allow the possibility of harm to come to my most beloved. If I just
leave them alone and wait for something to happen, such thoughts would be too
late by then. I will deal with them before such a thing happens. If it’s
necessary, I will kill them, not overlooking even the single thorn... It’s that
simple.]

[...Shalltear... You’re getting back to your old tone, you know?]

[...Arya? Excuse me... It looks like I got unusually passionate\~\~]

Jokingly saying that, the Phantasmal King, clothed in deep darkness, melted away
in the darkness of the night, before quietly muttering a whisper that didn’t
reach anyone’s ears.

[...I don’t want that to happen anymore... For my loved ones to die and I’m the
only one left again... I won’t let go of Kaito-san... If needs be... Even this
world... I will destroy it.]

---

After Lilia-san left the assembly hall, I slightly raised my guard. I may feel
like there isn’t a single thing interesting in me... but apparently, I’m quite
famous among the nobility, so that gives me some idea of what’s about to come.

“Could I refuse their dance invitation well?” is what I was thinking about...
but for some reason, the result was different than I expected. The nobles who
tried to approach me near the entrance were somehow talked to by another noble
at the right time or even offered a dance, and as a result, they didn’t come up
to me. As I was tilting my head at this situation that seemed to be too
convenient for me, I heard someone whisper into my ear.

[...Kaito-san, please look at the table on your right.]

[Alice? Why are you suddenly telling me that... Table on my right, are you
talking about that?]

Tilting my head at Alice, whose figure I still couldn’t see, I looked at the
table to my right as I was told, and saw a variety of dishes on it. In this
buffet-style party, the food was basically self-service, and the table was
surrounded by some nobles who were holding their small plates.

[Yes, you can see that roast beef that looks really delicious, right?]

[...I can see it.]

[...I think I deserve a reward for my hard work.]

[...How many slices do you want?]

I see. I finally understood... The nobles who came by earlier were being led
elsewhere at the right time because Alice is using her subordinates to guide
them well... Unnn. She certainly is working hard, aand it’s helping me a great
deal. Thinking that, I moved to the table where the food is placed, and while
watching as the nobles who were originally there were spoken to by other nobles
at the right time again, I take some slices of roast beef onto a small plate and
quickly move the plate to the right... and the roast beef that was on it
disappears.

[Hnnn\~\~ As expected of the royal palace, it tastes wonderful! Nothing really
tastes better than free food.]

[Come on, if you’ve got any more food you want to eat, I’ll go take some.]

[Eh? No way, Kaito-san is being unusually nice to me! So, it has finally come.
You’ve finally decided to take my flag. You’ve finally become madly in love with
Alice-chan’s charm, right?!]

[...Does that mean you don’t want to eat anymore?]

[Aaahh, I’m sorry. That’s not true. I’m going to eat!]

Even in a place like this, I felt somewhat reassured by Alice, who was still the
same as ever. I then started picking out a variety of dishes for Alice to eat
until Lilia-san returned. I thought that if Alice wanted to eat, she should just
take some herself, but Alice said something like “I think it tastes better this
way.”, which I honestly don’t understand at all.

As we continued to eat for a while, I heard Lilia-san’s voice at the same time
as I heard her footsteps from behind me.

[...K-Kai-Kaito-san?! T-Thank you for waiting?!]

[L-Lilia-san?! Errr... Are you alright?]

[C-C-C-Come on, let’s go see Amalie.]

[...Ummm, Lilia-san?]

[Hyiihhh?!]

When I turned around, the one behind me was the familiar Lilia-san but...
Lilia-san, with ears that looked really red, had her face completely looking in
a different direction. How should I say this... Her posture is a bit funny.

[...Why are you looking that way?]

[T-T-T-That’s because... errr... I just feel like looking this way!!!]

[...I-Is that so...]

She’s really bad at lying... I-I wonder why this happened? It should have been
business as usual earlier... but it seems like she’s extremely panicking. At the
same time, the atmosphere around her feels like she doesn’t want me to mention
it. If that’s the case, I shouldn’t press on this matter too deeply huh?

[T-Then, how about we go to where Amalie-san is...?]

[Y-Y-Y-Yes! Let’s go! Let’s go do that!!!]

[Lilia-san, ummm, you need to calm down a bit...]

[Y-Yes... I’m sorry.]

Urging Lilia-san, who is clearly looking like she’s about to blow up, to calm
down, the both of us headed to the seat of honor where Amalie-san is. As we
walked over there, the both of us didn’t interact at all... How should I say
this... It feels extremely awkward, but I can’t run away because of the
situation we’re in now. What is most troubling is that I have absolutely no idea
what is causing Lilia-san to be like this. In the end, Lilia-san’s condition
remained strange for the entire day.

The next day, things were somewhat back to normal, but she still sometimes
suddenly looked flustered. It wouldn’t be until a little while later before I
would find out the reason for this.
