---
toc: true
---

# Epilogue

In front of the castle gate, illuminated by the night moon.

Funf was looking at the moon in a daze, a lonely expression on her face. It was
a beautiful moonlit night like tonight... when she parted from her irreplaceable
sister who had been with her since childhood.

———Wait! “Vee”, where are you going?!

———I’m sorry, Funf... I can’t stay here anymore. I, who have committed a grave
sin, don’t deserve to be here.

———That is... That is not the case! I do not condemn Vee for your actions, and
I’m sure Kuromu-sama will...

———Even if that’s so! I, myself, couldn’t forgive myself!!!

———?! ...Vee.

———I’m sorry, Funf. Thank you for everything... Goodbye.

The memory of their parting conversation still lingers within her mind... The
memory of regret that remains to this day, of not becoming aware of the distress
her precious sister feels and being unable to help her. Holding upon such a
memory, Funf looked up at the moon... and muttered to herself.

[Vee... Kuromu-sama was already saved. Kaito had saved her... However, you still
have not come home, to our home. Holding on to everything by yourself, being
reckless by yourself... Carrying all the responsibility by yourself and
leaving... You’re stupid, Vee.]

Looking back, it started from that day. It was the day that Funf began calling
herself “the shield of the family” and would always stand in front of the
gate...

Funf told Kaito that “she wasn’t usually at the gate all day long”. That is both
right and wrong. Other than the times when she had matters related to her
family, Funf was basically always at the gate. She never sleeps, nor does she
eat, she just stays there, guarding her family’s home... and waiting for a
person.

[...You can come back whenever you want. Until Vee comes back, I will protect
the family... I’ll protect the home Vee would return to...]

Perhaps that is, in a way, an ironic fate. Funf, who continues to regret not
being able to help her sister in the past, will enter the battle for her in the
not-too-distant future. And that means confronting the young man she had grown
close to... who seeked to save her sister... Vier.

A thousand years after their parting... and the singularity has appeared in the
world. Whether they want it or not, the singularity will eventually touch the
taboo of the world. Not knowing about such a future, Funf, gazing upon the moon,
remains forlorn.
