---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 3: The Half-Vampire and the Clumsy Doctor

The 19th day of the Earth month. I had asked LIlia-san to make time in the
morning for me to come visit her in the office.

[So, Kaito-san? What do you want to talk about?]

[...Errr, you see.]

What I’m going to report to Lilia-san this time is that Kuro and Isis-san has
become my lovers... Well, it’s related to my private relationships, so it’s not
like I’m obligated to report it, but I thought I should properly explain it to
Lilia-san before she becomes astonished after finding out later. I explained to
Lilia-san, who was tilting her head at me, that after I became lovers with Kuro,
and about how I was troubled by the differences between this world and my world,
but in the end, I decided to adapt and became lovers with Isis-san too.

[...And that’s the situation.]

[...]

[...Ummm, Lilia-san?]

[...]

[Milady?]

[...]

Lilia-san, who had finished listening to me, seemed to have stiffened as she
silently stared straight at me. Lunamaria-san and I tried calling out to her
while tilting our heads at the situation, but we received no response from
LIlia-san.

[...It seems like she fainted.]

[How should I say this... I’m sorry.]

It’s a new pattern... No, has this pattern appeared before? She had so many
fainting variations that I’m not really sure. After a while, Lilia-san, who had
regained her consciousness, held her head in her hands with a stunned expression
on her face. She was holding a small bottle in one hand, taking out what looked
like a pill from inside the bottle and drank it.

[...I-I had thought that such a day would soon come but...]

[Milady, don’t take too many stomach medicines...]

[There’s no way!!! That I can think straight without taking some!!!]

[Well, I know how you feel but...]

Lilia-san bitterly exclaimed, but she seemed to have anticipated the possibility
of me becoming Kuro and the others’ lover, and she didn’t get particularly angry
at me. However, for some reason, she seemed to be trembling and her face lost
its complexion.

[...This is absurd... If any idiotic nobles were to seriously disrespect
Kaito-san... The country would vanish... For example, like Elder Brother, or
perhaps, Elder Brother, and also, Elder Brother...]

[...E-Errr...]

If anything, it was Ryze-san who gave me some very encouraging advice and I’m
extremely grateful to him for it though... Looking at Lilia-san’s abhorrent
expression, I remembered what Lunamaria-san had before about him being a fool in
front of Lilia-san.

[...Well, it’s my job to keep that area in check, so I should just obediently
give you my blessings... Kaito-san, congratulations.]

[T-Thank you very much.]

Lilia-san had her head in her hands, but she’s still a kind person, so she
quickly switches expressions and congratulates me with a smile on her face.
Lunamaria-san also takes a step forward towards me and reverently congratulates
me.

[Miyama-sama really is a wonderful person. This Lunamaria is happy for you.]

[...Errr, thank you.]

[...Luna, what’s your real motive?]

[I’m so happy to hear that Underworld King-sama will be visiting us more often.]

[...I should have known.]

Lunamaria-san was still the same person she was before, but in any case, now
that my report to her was complete, I thanked Lilia-san again before I left the
room.

---

[...By the way, Milady, it seems that you’re happy hearing what he reported
earlier, huh?]

[Ehh? W-What?]

A few moments after Kaito left, Lunamaria muttered, and Lilia looked back at
her, looking shaken.

[...I don’t know, but perhaps, if Miyama-sama becomes comfortable with the
common sense of this world... Then Milady might also have a chance, right\~\~?]

[W-W-What are you talking about?! I-I-It’s not like I...]

[Speaking of which, I just got word the other day that Milady has purchased some
“men’s clothing” before...]

[W-Where did nyow hear that?!]

Hearing Lunamaria’s words, as if she just ate something extremely spicy,
Lilia-san’s face quickly turned bright red. Indeed, as Lunamaria said, Lilia had
secretly gone out to the city alone not long ago and purchased men’s clothing...
a slightly expensive men’s formal wear. A clothing that someone wouldn’t be
ashamed to wear at a noble’s evening party...

[I-I-It’s not like that act has any meaning or anything... I-It’s just my thanks
for his help to me...]

[Ahh, I see you’re really planning to give it to Miyama-sama huh.]

[ \~ \~ ?! ]

[Good gracious, even Milady has become quite the maiden in love... You look
quite lovely.]

[Luna!!!]

---

After reporting to Lilia-san, I decided to go into the city to buy a few things.
It’s not like I’m going to buy anything important, just some snacks for me to
munch on... something to eat while I’m in my room, so I decided to take a stroll
without deciding on any particular purpose. While I’m at it, I think I’ll go
visit Alice’s general store later. Alice was usually guarding me, so I’m
wondering how her store was doing during that time... It seems that Alice can
also create clones, so her clone could be the one in charge of her store. Well,
most customers don’t seem to come at all...

Thinking about this, I veered off the main street and entered a less busy
street, though it has enough traffic that it still won’t be called a back alley,
I saw something that caught my attention. Ahead of me, around the edge of the
road, a small-built woman was crouching. I couldn’t see her expression as her
back was facing towards me, but she seemed to be in a bad shape, so I hurriedly
ran over and called out to her.

[Ummm, is something the matter? Are you alright?]

[...Eh? Yes, I’m sorry... I’m just feeling a little anemic...]

The woman who turned towards me was a beautiful woman with long hair as blue as
the spring blue sky. She also has jade-colored eyes and sickly white skin. With
the elegant dress she was wearing and her silky hair, I can’t help but wonder.
Is she some noble’s daughter? She looked graceful, but her face was very pale.

[Anemic?! E-Errr... I-In that case... I-Is there anything I can help you with?]

[Thank you for your concern... but I’m just on my way to the hospital, so I’ll
be fine.]

[N-No, but... can you walk?]

[...I guess it’s going to be a bit difficult.]

...Oi. That doesn’t look fine at all... H-However, what should I do? I’ve never
been anemic before, so I don’t have any medical knowledge of what to do. Should
I bring her there with Teleportation Magic? No, rather than bring her to the
mansion, wouldn’t it be better to lead her to the hospital instead... For a
moment, I thought about calling Alice but... even if she doesn’t look like it,
Alice is still the Phantasmal King. If she appears in the form of the Phantasmal
King in front of someone who isn’t feeling well, she would be so surprised that
the situation would turn really serious... Though I said that, it’s not like I
can just leave her alone...

[Errr, was that hospital far from here?]

[N-No, it’s just around the corner.]

[...I understand.]

[...Eh?]

Hearing the woman say that a hospital was just around the corner, I crouched
down in front of her.

[I’m sorry, I don’t know what else to do. You may not like it, but I’ll take you
to the hospital.]

[N-No, that is?! I can’t afford to bother someone I just met for the first
time...]

[I’m sorry... but my personality doesn’t allow me to ignore you, so it might be
forceful of me, but please let me help you.]

[...You are a kind person... I’m sorry. Well then, please allow me to presume
upon your kindness.]

It may be rude of me to suddenly suggest to carry a woman on my back, but
unfortunately, I can’t even think of a way to do it, and if I take my time
thinking about a way, she might get even worse. She certainly may have been
anemic as she said, but it’s possible that she could even be worse than that, so
I think I should bring her to the hospital as soon as possible. I don’t know if
these thoughts were conveyed to her, but the woman thanked me and laid her body
on my back... ehh, she’s too light?! Although she looked slender, her body was
actually surprisingly light, and even I, someone that isn’t really that
powerful, could easily carry her.

[...Really... I don’t know how to thank you enough... Ummm? Aren’t I heavy?]

[No, you’re completely light. So, where’s the hospital? I don’t really know
where it is, so please show me the way.]

[...Yes. Just walk ahead and turn right at the corner...]

The woman’s voice was somewhat weak, as if she was still not feeling well, and
following her direction, I walked a little faster to the hospital.

As the woman said, we walked a few minutes from the alleyway we had just left
and arrived at what appeared to be our destination.

[...Errr, is this the place?]

[...Yes.]

[...doesn’t this place look like a “church”?]

[Yes, the doctor is also a priest in the church...]

The place I arrived at looks more like a church... or rather, it’s really a
church, so I was wondering if I went in the wrong direction, but it seems that
this is the right place. It’s true that in RPGs, priests are considered to be
healers, and in a world where magic is common, it may be natural for a priest to
be a doctor. Well, either way, I don’t have time to think about it. I have to
get in and quickly get her examined...

With this in mind, I opened the door of the church with the woman on my back and
was met with a scene that seemed even divine. The crosses that adorned the walls
were filled with light from the stained glass windows, filling the church with
light as if it were illuminated by the starry skies.

In front of the altar, I saw a woman in deep indigo vestments with gold
embroidery, kneeling down and praying. As soon as we entered, the woman heard
the door open, and standing up, she looked back at us. Her deep, dark gray hair
in her sidelocks extended to her waist, held in place by a silver hair clip. Her
hair was covered by a veil of the same color as her vestments, but she had
something of a virtuous nun vibe around her, and her deep amber eyes accentuated
the mysterious atmosphere. The mysterious beauty of the woman took my breath
away, and with a gentle smile that captivates all that had seen it, she slowly
walked towards us.

[...Welcome. How can I help you to—Fugyyyaaaahhhh?!]

[...Ehh?]

Just as she was walking, she stepped on the hem of her long vestments... and
vigorously tripped, hitting her face on the floor. Errr, what should I do... I
feel like I’ve seen something I’m not supposed to see. The mysterious atmosphere
around her and all that stuff she had earlier is ruined. I mean, she totally
smashed her face on the floor, but is she alright? As soon as that question
comes to my mind, the priestess gets up, holding her face in her hands.

[My fwace... huwts...]

[...Errr, are you alright?]

[U-Unnn. I’m sorry I showed you something embarrassing... Errr, so, how can I
help you today... eh, Noir-san?]

The priestess, who got up, lightly scratching her cheek, as if she was
embarrassed to have fallen over, changed her expression to one of surprise upon
seeing the woman I was carrying.

[It’s been a while. “Dr. Vier”.]

Apparently, she’s definitely the doctor and the woman I’m carrying... Noir-san
sounded relieved as she called the priestess’s name. Dr. Vier looked at
Noir-san, who I was carrying, and somewhat dumbfounded, she muttered.

[...Noir-san, could it be...]

[Ah, yes. I’m feeling anemic...]

[Haahhh... I’ve already told you multiple times, even if it’s impossible for
you, “not drinking blood” is no good.]

[I know, but it’s quite difficult...]

Errr, what kind of conversation is this? Eh? I didn’t know, the common way to
prevent anemia is to drink blood huh... No, there’s no way that’s the case.
Anyway, Noir-san seems to be a frequent visitor here, and Dr. Vier seems to know
what’s going on with her.

[...Noir-san, you are aware that you’re “half-vampire”, right?]

When I heard the words Dr. Vier said with an astounded tone, I was inwardly
quite surprised. Half-vampire? So, does that mean Noir-san has half the blood of
those bloodsuckers from legends? W-What is this, ummm... I felt the same emotion
boiling within me when I saw the dragons... As expected of the other world.

[It’s embarrassing to say this, but I don’t really think of it that much.]

[Even if it’s a lie, I wish you could have told me you’re well-aware of it...
Well, anyway, let’s go treat you first. Errr, you are...]

[Ah, errr, I’m Miyama Kaito.]

[Miyama-kun, okay. Unnn. Well then, I’m sorry, but could you bring Noir-san over
here to the examination room for a moment?]

[I understand.]

Hmmm, talking to her like this, she seems to be a very capable and mature woman,
just like a doctor. The fact that she fell down earlier may have just been a
coincidence, and since Dr. Vier would be embarrassed, I won’t mention it in the
future.

With that in mind, we began to move on to the examination room under Dr. Vier’s
lead... but just as we were about to move, Dr. Vier’s feet hit a wooden bench in
the church as she started to walk... Moreover, the one that hit the bench was
her pinky toe... and that definitely hurts.

[Gyyuuuu... I-It hurts...]

[E-Errr, Dr. Vier? Are you alright?]

[U-Unnn... I’m alright. A-Ahaha, I’m a bit of a klutz from back then... Now,
let’s get a move on, the room is this way.]

[Ah, yes.]

Hearing my words, Dr. Vier giggled like a child while scratching her cheek with
her finger. With her height which is taller than common adults, seeing such a
gap makes her somewhat cute.

Noir-san and I sat in a round chair in the examination room, which had an
atmosphere more like a town doctor’s clinic rather than a large hospital, and
waited for Dr. Vier to get ready for the examination. Dr. Vier quickly proceeded
with her preparations and asked me how come I came here with Noir-san on my
back, so I briefly explained the situation.

[Hehhh\~\~ Then, Miyama-san worriedly called out to Noir-san when you just first
met huh. Unnn, I think it’s a very fantastic of you to naturally help those in
need.]

[T-Thank you.]

[Let me thank you once again. Thank you so much, Miyama-san.]

[No, that’s... Errr, you’re welcome.]

I didn’t mean to make such a big deal of it, but I think it would be rude not to
receive their thanks here, so I will just obediently accept it.

Well, I’m still a man... I would obviously be happy if I’m being praised by Dr.
Vier and Noir-san, two beautiful ladies.

[Alright, well then, Noir-san. I’m gonna start giving you drips.]

[Ehhh?!]

[...Ehh?]

It looks like everything’s read as Dr. Vier appeared with a syringe, but for
some reason, Noir-san sounded startled as she glanced at me, her cheeks blushing
red.

[Noir-san? What’s the matter?]

[Errr... Ummm... N-No matter how fantastic he is, stripping my clothes in front
of a man I just met is kind of...]

[...No, it’s an IV drip, right? You just roll up your sleeves for that, right?]

[Ara?]

Errr, how should I say this... Could it be that Noir-san is an airhead like
Shiro-san, though in a different way? It seems that Dr. Vier was also exhausted
from it... A-Anyway, Dr. Vier seems to have convinced Noir-san, and she rolled
up her sleeves of her calm-colored dress and injected the IV drip in her.

[Speaking of which, Noir-san. Aren’t you with Lu-chan today?]

[Yes, she has work to do today.]

[Lu-chan?]

[Ah, she’s my daughter.]

[Daughter?! Eh? Noir-san, errr, you’re married?]

When I tilted my head when Dr. Vier mentioned the name Lu-chan, Noir-san
explained to me that she was her daughter... But even though it might be very
rude, I was absurdly surprised and couldn’t help but ask. I thought I understood
in my head that she was a half-vampire... a Demon, but with Noir-san’s
appearance, which only looks about 12-14 years old, I was surprised when she
told me she had a daughter.

[Yes... but my husband is already dead...]

[Ahh, I-I’m sorry!]

[No, no, it was already over 50 years ago, so you don’t have to worry about it.]

Apparently, Noir-san’s husband has already passed away, so I apologized for
making her recall such a terrible event, but Noir-san calmly smiled, not seeming
to mind it. Thereupon, as if to switch the conversation, Dr. Vier spoke.

[...Noir-san. I’ve said this multiple times already, but the magic power in
blood disappears over time. You need to take fresh blood orally, not just
through IV drips, okay?]

[I know that... But, I have trouble drinking blood...]

Hearing Dr. Vier’s words of concern, Noir-san apologetically bowed her head. An
anemic half-vampire who has trouble drinking blood... How should I say this...
Aren’t your race supposed to be feeding on blood? Perhaps sensing my doubts, Dr.
Vier turned to me with a slight smile on her face.

[The Vampires have an image of a race that drinks blood, but even they have
certain types of bloods that they’re compatible with. And if the blood isn’t
compatible, they would reject it.]

[Is that so...]

[Yes, in my case though... Errr, ironic it might be, but my husband’s blood
wasn’t compatible with me... And after I rejected his blood, I just couldn’t
handle drinking blood in any way.]

[...]

The heavy words she smoothly said with a chuckle... was about how she rejected
the blood of her beloved partner. Noir-san said she didn’t seem to mind, but she
was probably in for a terrible shock at the time.

[Since she has my husband’s blood in her, my daughter’s blood is inevitably
incompatible with me... And then, since I rarely go out, I don’t have much
opportunity to drink blood.]

[...Noir-san. You can just drink animal blood, you know?]

[...Ummm, animal blood is kinda... bitter so...]

[Well, with that, Noir-san is quite the picky blood drinker... and as her
doctor, it’s quite troubling.]

Seeing Noir-san looking like a child telling her parents that she doesn’t like
bell peppers, saying that animal blood doesn’t taste good, I can’t help but
chuckle. The atmosphere softened a bit after that, and after letting out a sigh,
Dr. Vier chuckled too.

[Anyway, if that’s how you’ve been getting anemia so many times, Lu-chan will be
worried. You need to find someone to share blood with you on a regular basis as
soon as possible...]

[That’s true but... I don’t know many people who are kind enough to share their
blood with me...]

[You’re right, even if it’s only a blood donation, I would prefer it if it’s
someone willing to share their blood even if you’re not too close...]

[...]

[...]

[...Eh?]

They were looking troubled as they conversed with each other, but for some
reason, they stopped talking mid-sentence and turned towards me. When I was
puzzled by the uncomfortable situation of being stared at by two beautiful
women, Dr. Vier slowly spoke.

[...Miyama-kun, there’s something I’d like to discuss with you... but can you
share some of your blood?]

[Errr, is that for Noir-san?]

[Unnn, I was wondering if your blood could have some compatibility with
Noir-san... Of course, we’re not going to force you if you don’t want to!]

[Yes, I know it’s beyond brazen and impolite to make such a request when we’ve
only just met. I wouldn’t mind even if you refuse.]

In other words, if I were to summarize what Dr. Vier is trying to say, if
Noir-san can drink my blood, she wants me to share some of it with her. She said
that it’s equivalent to donating blood, and I can see that from the color of
Noir-san’s face that she is suffering from anemia... Even though it was just a
coincidence that I got involved with her, I don’t feel comfortable neglecting
her right here.

[Yes, I don’t mind.]

[Really?! I know I shouldn’t be the one saying this, but it isn’t really a
polite request, you know?]

[Yes. If I can help in any way, I will cooperate.]

[...Miyama-san... I really don’t know how I can thank you enough...]

Hearing my approval, Noir-san looked really apologetic and bowed her head many
times. However, we still aren’t entirely sure yet and that would only happen if
Noir-san can drink my blood, so we’re going to check our compatibility first. I
wondered what I would do if my blood wasn’t compatible enough that she would
reject it, but since Dr. Vier is with us, that means she should be relatively
safe. And thus, it was decided that I would lightly cut my fingertip and give a
drop of blood to Noir-san to drink. I heard that Dr. Vier would be casting
Recovery Magic on the wound later, so cutting my fingertip with a knife, I then
held my finger over the waiting Noir-san’s mouth. Partly because she looks like
a young girl, I feel that the sight is somehow immoral.

Thereupon, a drop of blood falls from my fingers and enters Noir-san’s mouth...

[...Hnn, ahhh, eh? Fuaaaahhhhh...]

[N-Noir-san?]

[Whamfh!]

[Ehhh?! Wait?!]

When I thought I had already dropped my blood in her mouth, Noir-san’s eyes
suddenly widened and grabbing my hand, she put my wounded finger in her mouth. I
couldn’t react to the suddenness of the situation, but I quickly came to myself
and tried to move my hand but... She’s too strong?!

[Hnnn, chhuuuu, shluupp...]

[Wha?! N-Noir-san!!! What in the world are you doing?!]

And the next thing I know, something a little rough and soft touches my finger,
and Noir-san started vigorously sucking on my finger. I didn’t know what the
heck was going on, but I know that something disastrous is happening... I know
that, but not even a twitch, I can’t move my hand at all?! I guess she really is
a half-vampire, so her strength is quite strong?!

[...Noir-san, stop.]

[Ahh... m-more...]

Dr. Vier intervenes between me and Noir-san, who is hurriedly and
enthusiastically licking my finger, and easily pulls Noir-san away... Pulling
her off so easily, I guess Dr. Vier must be pretty strong too...

![Insert 3](../../_Images/v07/Insert3.png#.insert)

[Noir-san?]

[Ahhh... Hah?! Ah, I-I’m sorry! I-It’s my first time drinking such delicious
blood, so I lost myself. I’m really sorry, Miyama-san.]

[Ah, n-no... I’m alright.]

I’m not really sure, but it seems that my blood was very tasty to Noir-san, and
that’s why her behavior became bizarre earlier. I then replied to Noir-san, who
was repeatedly bowing her head while her face turned red, telling her not to
worry about it.

[Miyama-kun’s blood... Was it that delicious?]

[Y-Yes... It’s so sweet you’d think it was honey from heaven, and it’s so smooth
that it feels like it’s charming me... After knowing the taste of such blood, I
don’t think I can drink other people’s blood anymore.]

[...Hmmm, let me check for a sec, okay?]

Hearing Noir-san’s words with a somewhat ecstatic expression on her face, Dr.
Vier touched Noir-san’s cheeks and moved her gaze as if she confirmed something.

[...Indeed, your complexion has improved and the circulation of your magic power
has become incredibly smooth.]

[Errr, so, what does that mean?]

[Well, coincidences are strange things, aren’t they? It seems that Miyama-kun’s
blood couldn’t be more compatible with Noir-san.]

I see, in short, she’s saying that compatible blood tastes good for vampires and
incompatible blood tastes bad for them.

[...Unnn. This might help Noir-san’s chronic anemia, and if it’s this
compatible, it should be fine even with small doses... Miyama-kun, if you don’t
mind, could you come here every ten days or so and even if it’s just a few
drops, could you give Noir-san a few drops of fresh blood to drink?]

[Would a few drops really be fine?]

[Yes.]

[I understand, I’m fine with that.]

If that makes Noir-san feel better, then there’s no problem at all on my part. I
can’t afford to have my fingers licked every time, but since I’ve learned from
her reaction this time around, I should be able to take measures beforehand.

[Thank you, that really helps... Ahh, of course, since you’re cooperating with
my recovery, I’ll also properly pay money.]

[Eh? Ah, no, it’s not like I need money...]

[Take it. Otherwise, Noir-san would feel uncomfortable.]

[...I-I understand.]

Turning to Noir-san after acknowledging Dr. Vier’s words... For some reason,
Noir-san is giving me a passionate gaze. Her gaze is passionate, but her eyes
seem to be shaking and unfocused, looking as if she’s befuddled.

[...Next time, let’s dilute it down a bit... I’m afraid that before she gets
over her anemia, she gets addicted instead...]

I heard Dr. Vier mutter that with a sigh. After I promised to cooperate with
them in the future and finished the IV drip for Noir-san, Dr. Vier kindly
offered us tea, and the three of us are now sitting around the table in the room
next to the examination room, chatting. There seemed to be fewer patients today
and she had more time, and when I noticed that, Dr. Vier laughed and said “It’s
good that the doctor isn’t busy.” as she prepared tea for us.

[...This tea is delicious, isn’t it? It also makes my body feel kinda warm...]

[Ahh, you can tell? It has medicinal herbs in it. It has a relaxing effect.]

The tea that Dr. Vier prepared for me isn’t only delicious, but also relieving
and soothing, and that’s apparently because it contains medicinal herbs.

[I see... By the way, Dr. Vier, can I help you with that?]

[I-It’s fine...]

While telling her my thoughts, I asked Dr. Vier, who was wiping up the “tea on
the floor” if I could help, but Dr. Vier smiled and said it was fine. I guess
she’s really as she described herself or something... as just like a klutz, Dr.
Vier had accidentally knocked over her own cup.

[Fufu, Dr. Vier is still the same as always. She’s reliable when she’s treating
someone but...]

[Ahaha, good gracious, I’m feeling ashamed.]

Apparently, Dr. Vier has already got this kind of impression from before, as
Noir-san is smiling as if she’s looking at something she’s used to seeing.

Well, putting aside her clumsiness, this tea is really good... I see, so this is
what she meant by it having a relaxing effect huh... The first thing that came
to mind when I heard that was Lilia-san, who is always troubled. One cup of tea
won’t help solve her troubles, but if it can relax Lilia-san’s mind at least a
little bit...

[...Ummm, Dr. Vier, if you don’t mind me asking, can I ask where this tea is
sold?]

[Ahhh, that’s my blend, so they don’t sell it anywhere, you know? I can give you
some tea leaves if you want?]

[Eh? Is that alright?]

[Unnn. I’ve asked some unreasonable requests to Miyama-kun after all. Hold on a
bit, I’ll wrap it up now...]

Apparently, this tea was Dr. Vier specially-made blend and isn’t something that
is bought from others, but thankfully, Dr. Vier offered to share some tea leaves
with me. Just as Dr. Vier stood up and was about to go get the tea leaves, I
heard a loud shout.

[Doctor!!! Please help us!!!]

[?!]

Hearing a desperate cry, Dr. Vier quickly runs off in the direction of the
voice... opposite of this room, towards the entrance of the church that leads to
the examination room. Curious about the situation, Noir-san and I also quickly
followed Dr. Vier out of the room.

When I ran into the church, I found two men near the entrance door. One of them
seemed to be the person who had just screamed, and had a look of crisis on his
face as he held another man in his arm. And the man he was holding...

[?!]

In the other man’s leg, something like a wooden stake pierced out of his thigh,
and the blood flowing out looked impossibly painful, making me reflexively look
away. Noir-san was just as astonished as I was, and stepped back with her hand
over her mouth.

[What in the world happened?!]

As expected of a doctor, Dr. Vier didn’t seem to be shaken, running up to them
and called out to them.

[H-He... fell down while working... and on the place where he fell down, there’s
a scrap of wood...]

[...Uuuu... Uuuuu...]

[...Let me see!]

Hearing the words of the uninjured man, Dr. Vier immediately sensed what’s going
on and touched the injured man who was groaning in pain. The man who was holding
him decided that she shouldn’t be disturbed, and as soon as Dr. Vier came near,
he moved away from the injured man and just looked with a worried expression on
his face.

[...It’s stuck pretty deep. If I just use Recovery Magic like this, some
splinters may stay in your leg... Keep a bit more distance away!]

[Y-Yes?!]

After a quick visual check of the injured man’s condition, Dr. Vier told the
other man to step back, before she snapped her fingers. Thereupon, a translucent
membrane of some sort spread out in a dome around Dr. Vier and the injured man.

[I’m going to temporarily paralyze your leg.]

[...Y-Yes.]

Perhaps, that dome is acting like a sterile room, and while they’re enclosed
within it, Dr. Vier started removing the wood stuck in the man’s leg. Telling
the injured man that she is going to paralyze his leg, she held her hand over
the injured man’s thigh... and in the next moment, Dr. Vier unhesitantly pulled
out the wood stuck in the injured man’s leg. For a moment, I thought blood would
spurt out from his wound... but it seems that she’s using magic with her free
hand, and no new blood was flowing from the injured man’s leg.

[...I’ll get rid of the remaining splinters inside first before applying
Recovery Magic. Don’t worry, you will be healed.]

[Y-Yes... Thank you very much.]

Dr. Vier’s hands were moving so quickly that I had no idea what she was doing,
but before I knew it, something that looked like tweezers was in her hand and
several splinters were placed one after another next to the sitting Dr. Vier.

[...With this... Alright! Well then, I’ll start casting Recovery Magic.]

After a few seconds of removing the splinters, Dr. Vier calmly announced and
held her hand on the injured man’s leg. The man’s leg, which had looked like a
bloody mess, quickly healed as powerful magic power flowed out of Dr. Vier’s
body. Seeing a scene that looked like a true miracle, I couldn’t help but forget
how to speak as I watched.

[...Here. With that, you should be alright...]

[T-Thank you very much!]

It seems the treatment is over and the injured man thanks her with tears welling
up in his eyes, and the man who was accompanying him also looked relieved.

[Unnn. However, the blood you lost won’t just magically come back... so let’s go
get you an IV drip.]

[Yes... Ahh, d-doctor, the treatment cost...]

And then, just as the injured man reached into his pocket to pay for his
treatment... Dr. Vier shook her head.

[You don’t have to for this time.]

[Eh?! B-But...]

Hearing Dr. Vier’s words telling him that he doesn’t need to pay for the
treatment, the man has a puzzled look on his face. While I look at them,
Noir-san walked up beside and whispered.

[...People who can use Recovery Magic are really rare.]

[...Come to think of it, I remembered hearing something like that.]

In a world like this where magic exists, Recovery Magic that heal wounds in an
instant also exists but... Not everyone is able to use it. In the first place,
there aren’t many people who can firmly use magic in the Human Realm and can
rightly be called as mages. It’s for this reason that magic tools have become so
widespread... And within such a realm where magic is difficult to learn,
Recovery Magic seems to be a very difficult magic. Moreover, since it was
basically a magic that you control based on the target’s wounds, it isn’t
something that can be replicated by magic tools.

I’ve seen Kuro use healing magic frequently, so I didn’t get the impression that
they’re rare, but that’s just because Kuro is powerful. In fact, Lilia-san,
Lunamaria-san and Sieg-san, who should have high position among the Humans,
couldn’t use healing magic either, and among the Humans I’ve ever met... The
only one who can use it was Rei-san, who is a former court mage.

[So, having your wounds healed by using Recovery Magic is originally very
expensive.

[...I think I can somehow understand.]

Because of how few the users of Recovery Magic are, where only a handful of
so-called geniuses are able to use it... Just as advanced methods of treatment
were expensive in my previous world, treatment with Recovery Magic is probably
very expensive in this world. And perhaps, the man who was injured seemed to
know that as common sense, and that’s why he took out his purse to pay with the
money he had, but Dr. Vier smiled and shook her head.

[...It’s fine, you’re expecting a baby soon, right? Don’t part with your money
here, spend it for your children.]

[...H-However...]

[You’re persistent, aren’t you? In the first place... Putting aside your injury,
you’re still very tired, right? You haven’t been sleeping much, have you?]

[?!]

[It’s all well and good to try to make money for your wife and kids, but it
won’t do you any good if you get hurt because of it... You should take care of
yourself.]

[...Yes.]

Dr. Vier’s face was so compassionate as she gently admonished him, making her
seem to look like the Holy Mother.

[Anyway, I won’t take money from a person who is already like that. Now go, put
your purse away.]

[...Doctor...]

[If you’re grateful to me, you need to get well and make your wife and unborn
child happy... Come see me sometime when you three are all well. That’s the best
remuneration you can pay with.]

[Y-Yes...?! I will never forget this... definitely.]

Hearing Dr. Vier’s words, the man is overcome with emotion, large tears flowing
from his eyes, bowing his head to Dr. Vier again and again. As she gazed at the
scene with a small smile on her face, Noir-san, who was standing next to me,
smiled.

[...Dr. Vier is always like that. For her medical treatment, she would be happy
with what the people can pay... With renumerations that are almost free, she
treats lots of people without any discrimination.]

[That’s amazing.]

[Yes, that’s why Dr. Vier is so popular around here. Everyone says she’s the
best doctor in the Symphonia Kingdom.]

Not asking for remunerations, not sparing in her use of the rare Recovery Magic,
and saves a lot of lives... How should I say this... It’s like she’s the very
definition of a doctor. I’ve only known her for a short time, but I feel lots of
respect for Dr. Vier.

[Okay, well then, let’s go to the examination room and give you some
I—Vgyuuaaaahhh?!]

Saying that, Dr. Vier was about to get up, but she slipped on the bloody floor
and loudly crashed down... Just as Noir-san said, there’s really a huge gap
between when she looked really reliable when she was treating someone, and when
she wasn’t.

[O-Ouch... I slipped again.]

[H-Hahaha...]

Seeing Dr. Vier, who looked different from the dignified expression she had
earlier, a smile appeared on the injured man’s face as well.

[Ahaha, why can’t I just cleanly settle the situation like normal... Well,
anyway, your treatment. You can quickly return to your work, but you should rest
for one day. Understood?]

[Yes!]

As Dr. Vier stood up with a wry smile that somehow looked friendly, and yet,
still looked dazzling as if the Holy Mother was smiling at us. Dr. Vier is a bit
clumsy, somewhat laid-back of a person, but I think she’s a very splendid doctor
who is very good at her craft and beliefs. From the bottom of my heart, I really
respect her—as she’s a splendid doctor.

After she finished treating the injured man who was suddenly rushed in, the two
men thanked her for her help and left, and Noir-san said it was time for her to
go home and get ready for dinner. I suggested that I would carry her back home,
but after she told me she was okay, Noir-san left. Even though it was still
early in the evening, I was worried about sending a woman home alone... but in
the first place, Noir-san is a Demon, a half-vampire... I heard that as long as
her kind is replenished with blood, they’re incomparably stronger than me, so it
seemed like my worry wasn’t needed.

I could have gone home too, but since I’m here, I decided to take a look around
the church, and Dr. Vier gladly agreed to that. The vast number of crosses on
the walls looks like stars in a planetarium, and that’s what makes this church a
little different from normal churches. I’ve never been to a church in person,
but I know about them to a certain extent... They were also sometimes being
shown on TV and anime, so I at least know that it wasn’t filled with so many
crosses.

[...It’s beautiful, but it’s slightly different from the church that I had
imagined.]

[Yes, that’s true. That’s because this place isn’t a church to begin with.]

[...Ehh?]

When I said the question that came to my mind, I heard a shocking fact from Dr.
Vier. Eh? This isn’t a church? Even though it’s decorated like this? Seeing my
astonishment, Dr. Vier softly smiled and touching a nearby wooden bench, she
spoke.

[...This place was originally built by me personally, and as far as I’m
concerned, it wasn’t intended to be a church but... Just like Miyama-kun,
someone misunderstood my intentions and asked me to let her pray. Therupon, I
added benches and an altar, and made it look like a church.]

[I see. So that’s why Dr. Vier, a doctor, is also a priest as well.]

[...W-Well\~\~ I’m not really doing anything priestly, and as for me, just being
a doctor is good enough but... Well, I guess that’s just what the public’s
perception has turned out huh?]

Dr. Vier looked beautiful when she chuckled when she said that, and combined
with her nun’s habit, she really looked like a saint.

[Speaking of which, why did Dr. Vier become a doctor?]

I found myself unexpectedly asking such a question.

[Ehh? Me?]

[Ahh, no, it’s okay if you don’t want to answer...]

I think Dr. Vier is a splendid person and I can tell for sure by the emotions
that come through the Sympathy Magic that she is truly a kind person. However,
there was something strange... It’s like there’s always a faint hint of dark
emotion mixed in with her gentle kindness, and for some reason, painful emotions
were flowing from Dr. Vier when the men thanked her before leaving. I wanted to
know the answer to that question, but of course, if there were some
circumstances involved in it, I’m not going to force her to answer. When I told
her that, Dr. Vier held up her index finger with a smile after a bit of silence.

[...Well then, before I answer, here’s a question for you! Why do you think I
became a doctor in the Symphonia Kingdom?]

[...E-Errr... Hmmm. Because the food here is so good?]

[It’s true that Symphonia Kingdom has a good food culture. But, unfortunately...
That’s not the right answer.]

To be honest, the only difference I know between the Symphonia Kingdom and the
other countries is that this country has a developed food culture based on what
Alice taught me about... However, from the way Dr. Vier spoke, there seems to be
some other reason why she is working as a doctor here in the Symphonia Kingdom.

[The answer is... because there are “few doctors” here in the Symphonia
Kingdom.]

[Eh? Is that so?]

[Unnn. The reason for this is simple. Because there’s a temple in this country
dedicated for the “Goddess of Health”.]

[...Ah, I see! The blessings!]

I remembered hearing that there’s a culture in this world where people go to the
temple on New Year’s day to receive a blessing from the Goddess of Health, which
will prevent them from getting sick. I see, and if no one gets sick, it must
mean less work for doctors.

[That’s correct... However, Miyama-kun, what you’re thinking right now is
probably wrong.]

[...Eh?]

[...Blessings, you see. Except for the ones that are done directly by the
Goddesses, they are only something that consoles the public... and there’s only
a few people who directly receive the blessings from the Goddess...]

Dr. Vier surprised me. Come to think of it, the blessing from God is one gold
coin each... Converted to Japanese yen, that’s 1 million yen. Putting aside if
you’re part of a noble family, but for the cost of a gold coin, for each
family... Only the wealthy families would be able to set aside 2 million for a
couple, or at least 3 million if they also have children, each year. In other
words, the majority of people in the Symphonia Kingdom aren’t directly blessed
by God and are susceptible to illness.

[...That’s why doctors aren’t really a popular profession in this country. The
people in the upper echelons who have money don’t get sick and don’t get injured
as often... Well then, here’s another question.]

[Eh?]

[If a mermaid/harpy hybrid mother and a half-elf father had a child, if that
child got sick... what hospital would you take him to? To the mermaids? The
harpies? The elves? Or perhaps, the humans?]

[...Ahh.]

[Yes, there are lots of hybrids in this world, and different races have
different bodies. It’s really hard to be a doctor... I’ve been a doctor for a
long time. It took me 200 years to be able to see a patient with a reasonable
amount of confidence, and yet, I still get patients with symptoms I’ve never
seen before.]

This world has different races mingling with each other, and hybrids aren’t
uncommon. In fact, from the people I know, Lunamaria-san is a mixed blood of
four different races from what I heard from here... so, the difficulty of
medical treatment will probably dramatically increase. Furthermore, the Demons
have much more diverse races, and the treatment of the Demons who live in the
Human Realm would be treated as if they were different from Humans, and the
diseases they get would also be different.

[...Well, because doctors are often in short supply, that’s why I became a
doctor, I guess? I still have some things to learn, but I’d love to be a doctor
who can cure as many species as possible.]

[Is that... to help a lot of people?]

[...Unnn. I want as many people to be as healthy as possible. I just want them
to live with a smile on their faces... and even if it’s just a little bit,
hopefully help them live a happy life.]

I think that her kindness really is bottomless... but, it appeared again. I can
feel some painful emotions again, as if she’s suffering from something. This
is... It kind of resembles the emotions I felt from Lilia-san during the Sacred
Tree Festival. That is to say, could this emotion be... regret? However, I think
this is probably something I shouldn’t just lightheartedly step into, nor is it
something I can just ask.

[I see, thank you for telling me. Dr. Vier really is a splendid doctor. I
respect you.]

[?!]

I should have brought this conversation to a close... but hearing my words, Dr.
Vier’s expression distorted. She looked helpless and feeling in pain... In front
of me, who was confused by the change in her expression, Dr. Vier slowly walked
over to the altar and without turning to look at me, she quietly muttered.

[...I’m not a splendid person worthy of your respect. No, rather... I think I’m
the biggest fool in this world.]

[...Eh?]

[...You see, the crosses glittering around this church. It’s the “number of
lives I’ve taken”...]

[?!]

I didn’t immediately understand the sorrowful words that she said. She had taken
as many lives as the number of these little crosses? But, these crosses...
They’re so tightly packed in the walls that counting them in 100s or 1000s
wouldn’t be enough...

[...E-Errr, does that mean... these are people you couldn’t help as a doctor?]

[...No. You’re mistaken... Of course I’m not all-powerful either, so there are
lots of people I couldn’t help. In the back room of the doctor’s office, I’ve
written the names of the people I couldn’t help for me to remember but... These
crosses are completely different from them.]

[Different?]

[...Long ago, I took the lives of so many people. I took away the precious lives
of innocent people for no reason... The crosses in this room are the symbol of
the sins I committed and the punishment I will have to carry for the rest of my
life...]

Dr. Vier’s voice doesn’t sound like she’s telling a lie. More than anything
else, my Sympathy Magic made me feel how painful Dr. Vier’s regrets are.

[...I don’t think that saving one life would allow me to be forgiven for taking
one life. No, rather, no matter how many lives I save, even if I save all the
people in the world, my sins will never be forgiven... for my sins shouldn’t be
forgiven.]

[...]

[I am not an omnipotent God. No amount of repentance, no amount of tears to shed
to the point of withering, no amount of apologizing here every day... For no
matter how much I do all of these, you can’t bring back a life that’s gone.]

When I came here with Noir-san, Dr. Vier was in a prayer position in front of
the altar. However, it seems that it wasn’t a prayer, but a penance... In this
place surrounded by the symbols of her sins, she continued to apologize for the
lives she had taken.

[...Even though it’s painful and brings me to tears, I will not turn away from
my sins and will continue to carry them until the end of my life. And using this
sinful life of mine, I will continue to save as many lives as possible... that’s
probably the only redemption I can do.]

[...Dr. Vier.]

[I’m sorry. I’m not the kind of person you can respect.]

[...]

I wonder what can I say here? I honestly can’t think of any words to say at all.
Dr. Vier said that her sins would never be forgiven, but perhaps, more than
anyone else, Dr. Vier couldn’t forgive herself. So, no matter what I said here,
I’m sure that Dr. Vier would still carry her sins for the rest of her life.
However, I wonder why? I really felt like I should say something.

[...I honestly don’t know what you’re talking about. Whether what kind of person
Dr. Vier was before or what sin you had committed... I can’t say anything about
it.]

[...Unnn. That’s fine... It would be better if you despise someone who has
greatly sinned like me...]

[However, as I thought, I still feel lots of respect for Dr. Vier.]

[...Eh?]

I don’t know about Dr. Vier’s past, and even if I did, I don’t think I’d be able
to get any impressions from it, as I’m not related to it at all, aside from my
typical reactions. So, I decided not to think about it.

[I don’t know what your past was, and I’m not going to ask. It’s just that, the
woman I’ve known and with whom I’ve been in contact with all day today... to me,
she’s a kind person who reaches out to people who are hurt and someone I can
truly respect.]

[...Miyama-kun...]

[Besides, you should be at least 200 years old, right? I have no way of knowing
for sure what happened back then... and even if I knew about Dr. Vier’s past
sins, I wouldn’t lose my respect for “the current Dr. Vier”.]

[...Miyama-kun... Have people ever told you that you’re a womanizer?]

[Ehh? W-What the heck are you suddenly saying?!]

She suddenly turned the conversation to something completely incomprehensible...
Womanizer... Why the heck is she saying that to the virgin me? Seeing my
confusion, Dr. Vier looks amused for some reason.

[Ahaha, you must be popular huh?]

[N-No, it’s not like I’m...]

[I don’t know about that\~\~ Well, no matter... Thank you, Miyama-kun.]

[Ehh? Eh? Ah, yes. Y-You’re welcome.]

I don’t know what the heck happened, but it looks like Dr. Vier seems to be
feeling better, and she tightly interlocked her hands with each other in front
of her breasts.

[Al~right\~\~, I’m filled with determination! I’m going to work harder today
than I ever have before!]

[Ah, errr, yes.]

[Now then, it’s about time I clean up and see you off, Miyama-kun...]

[Ahh?! Dr. Vier, watch your feet! There’s a step there!!!]

[Fuehh? Kyaaahh?!]

[?!]

Dr. Vier was about to vigorously step forward, but the altar is a step higher
than the floor... I instantly knew what was going to happen next, so I quickly
reached out my hands to her. And somehow, I managed to catch Dr. Vier who had
lost her footing and was about to fall over.

[...A-Are you alright?]

[U-Unnn... T-Thank you.]

That’s great... Thanks to Dr. Vier’s slender figure, even the weak me still
managed to catch her. If I wasn’t able to support her and she still fell, it
would have been a really shameful situation... Yep, let’s go work out a bit
more. Let’s do that. Raising Dr. Vier’s body, I make sure she’s firmly standing
before separating. I could still feel her body from my hands that caught her
earlier though, and even though I said all those sorts of words saying that I
respect her, I felt my heart skip a beat. Dr. Vier is slender but... She’s quite
well-endowed... wait, what the heck am I thinking about?!

[...Hey, Miyama-kun.]

[Ehh? Ah, yes!]

[...Come visit me again. Even on the days where Noir-san won’t receive
treatment... I’ll at least serve you a cup of tea.]

[Yes. Alright. I’d love to visit again.]

I don’t know if it’s because Dr. Vier is a healer or not, but she’s gentle and
kind, and talking to her makes me feel relieved, so I was grateful for her
offer. I’ll continue to visit her in the future, though not as much as to
interfere with her work as a doctor. It was already well into the evening, so I
left the church/hospital with Dr. Vier saying goodbye to me. As Dr. Vier gave me
a small wave, I waved back at her before turning my back... but that’s when I
think I heard a small voice.

[...That must be why Kuromu-sama likes you huh...]

[Eh? Did you say something?]

[No. It’s nothing... See you later!]

[Ah, yes.]

Turning around once to ask her what she just said, Dr. Vier just shook her head
and gave me a big smile. The bright expression on her face soothed me, and
waving my hand to her once again, I headed home. Dr. Vier seemed to have been
through a lot in the past, and she seemed to regret it a lot. There’s nothing I
can do about her regret, and I probably shouldn’t thoughtlessly intrude upon
such matters... But regardless of that, what I think of Dr. Vier is that—I think
she’s a person worthy of respect.
