---
toc: true
---

# Intermission: Isis Remnant — Two Isis

The place where that was born was a battlefield stained with blood, where
numerous corpses lay. After a battle in which two species fought against each
other, a grand one even in the Demon Realm, that suddenly appeared.

[...]

With snow-white hair and skin, blood-red eyes and a beautiful dress, its great
presence made itself known in the midst of the battlefield. Soon after, the eyes
of the warriors of both races were drawn to that being. However, it wasn’t that
their eyes were involuntarily drawn by the being’s beauty, but instead, they
reflexively turned their heads to the presence that was so repulsive and
sinister.

Immediately afterward, jet-black magic power was released from the being. What
the being had released wasn’t magic, just magic power... and it wasn’t released
with hostile intent. But with that single act... tens of thousands of lives that
had gathered on the battlefield died.

Floating in midair clad in pale blue light, the being turned its gaze to its
surroundings for the first time. Numerous corpses laid around her, unaware that
it was even they who had taken all these lives... The girl with an
innocent-looking face muttered.

[...Lonely.]

That was the moment of birth of Isis Remnant, she who would later be called
Death King, and at the same time, the first words she uttered in her life. The
young girl in a blue dress floats through the land of the Demon Realm. With the
feeling of loneliness welling up in her heart, she seeked out others...

Soon after, the girl found a small monster. Her face breaking into a smile, the
girl approached the monster... only for the monster to quickly die out.

[...Why?]

Picking up the corpse of the monster that suddenly died without a word, she
looked around her.

Why did this monster die?

Why are the surrounding plants and trees withering?

Why is the ground cracking and turning black?

The girl was indeed a newborn being. However, as she was born from the magic
power of the dead, she was born with a certain amount of intelligence. That is
why it didn’t take her long to realize that it was her fault. Several years had
passed since the girl realized that she was a being who had been spreading
death. Even as the feeling of loneliness festers in her heart, the girl has yet
to be touched by even a single warmth.

Alone and lonely, she lay on her knees in the desolate wilderness. Her body
doesn’t require food or sleep, but for some reason, she was terribly sleepy at
that moment. As she closed her eyes, her consciousness sank as if drawn to
something.

And then—she had a dream.

In the lonely world, where the sky was covered with thick clouds and the empty
snowfield was covered with black snow, there was only one shadow in the world
that projected the girl’s heart. Someone in a tattered robe, with a body shape
similar to her, though her face was not visible.

[...Who... are you?]

“...I am you.”

[...Me?]

“...We are the incarnation of death. A being who reaps life, scattering despair
around us. You need not seek warmth anymore, for the day you’ll acquire it will
never come.”

[?!]

The girl clad in shadows spun her words in exactly the same voice as her. Though
she herself hadn’t said it out loud, it was a thought that she had been
harboring in her heart for the past few years.

[...You’re wrong.]

“What I say isn’t wrong. What we’re clad in is the magic power of death.”

[...Magic power... of death?]

“Yes, we are the incarnation of death... The magic power we’re clad in reaps
lives, a cold, malevolent force that extinguishes the flames of beings’ souls.
Who is it that would accept a being like us?”

[...]

Is this really just a dream? The girl questioned, but the other girl, all too
aptly, continues to speak of the darkness that has begun to emerge in her heart.

[...That... isn’t the case... I just... haven’t met them... yet.]

“Is that so? If that’s how you feel, then so be it. However, do not forget
this... There will be no one who will accept us in the real sense of the word.
Expecting something that doesn’t exist will only hurt us... That’s something you
must not forget.”

And with those words, the girl woke up from her dream. She was asleep for only a
few minutes. But after waking up, the landscape around her seemed much colder
and lonelier than before...

A few more years passed, exactly ten years after the girl was born... and before
such a girl, a being appeared.

[Hello there. Are you that girl I’ve heard so much about?]

[...Who?]

[My name is Kuromueina. Nice to meet you.]

A conversation with the brightly smiling Kuromueina... For the girl, it was the
first time in her life. That is why the girl’s heart was filled with joy and
sadness at the same time.

[...Don’t go... any closer.]

[...Why?]

[...If you... get closer... you will die.]

The first person who didn’t run away from the girl and converse with her. Not
wanting to kill such a person, the girl spoke words of warning. But Kuromueina,
after lightly smiling at her, approached the girl without stopping.

[...Don’t... approach.]

[It’s alright. I won’t die... You won’t kill me.]

While telling her this in a gentle voice, Kuromueina approached her... and
gently embraced the girl with a look of mixed fright and loneliness on her face.

[See, it’s alright, isn’t it?]

[...Uuu... Unnn.]

When the girl felt the warmth of another person for the first time... large
tears spilled from her eyes.

[Then, once again, hello there. If you don’t mind, could you tell me your name?]

[...I don’t... have a name.]

[Is that so? In that case, I’ll give you one... Let’s see, your name will be...
Isis! Isis Remnant!]

[...Isis... Remnant... My... name.]

Tears seemingly not stopping from leaking out of her eyes, the girl... Isis
murmured the name given to her. Thereupon, Kuromueina released Isis from her
embrace and reached out her hand to her with a dazzling smile on her face.

[Isis, will you come with me? You have a lot of magic power, but it doesn’t seem
like you can control it properly... If you want, I’ll teach you about a lot of
things.]

[...?!]

Those were words that made Isis extremely happy. That’s why, without hesitation,
she held onto the held out hand. After that would be days free from the painful,
cold loneliness... is what she thought.

Yes, Isis had forgotten.

Accompanied by Kuromueina, Isis came to her house, spontaneously laid down on
the bed in the room given to her and closed her eyes. It was as if someone was
calling her... making her feel extremely sleepy... and there, that appeared
again.

In the field of black snow, in a place where another version of herself, clad in
black robes, stands...

“So, you’ve come again.”

[...What you said back then... it was a lie... Kuromueina... she accepted me...
she reached out... her hand towards me.]

“...You really think so?”

[...What do you mean?]

While Isis happily told her this, the other Isis asked back in the same cold
tone as before. As if to say that Isis is mistaken...

“Indeed, Kuromueina had reached out her hand towards us. However, does that
really mean she accepted us?”

[...Kuromueina did... She accepted me...]

“We can’t kill Kuromueina. Kuromueina would always be stronger than us... That’s
all there is to it.”

[...What are you... trying to say?!]

Before she knew it, Isis found herself raising her voice. She doesn’t know why,
but the words of the being in front of her were bothering her.

“If you still haven’t realized it, that’s fine for now. However, don’t forget...
Kuromueina is not the one we wanted. You may only feel a slight discomfort at
first. However, the more time passes, the bigger that discomfort will become.”

[...What would you... even know?!]

“...I would know of it. You are me, and I am you... That’s why, I would know.
You’d be happy not realizing this, for realizing this would make you suffer even
more.”

[...I... won’t.]

“...Is that so? If that were the case... That would be great.”

Those lonely words echoing on her ears, Isis regained consciousness, with an
unexplainable thorn in the back of her mind...

After being picked up by Kuromueina and becoming a member of her family... happy
days for Isis continued. She met and spent her days with family members who
weren’t afraid to talk to her, just like Kuromueina, and the days she spent with
them were filled with the warmth that she wanted.

Kuromueina has a warmth that gently embraces you.

Ein, who is firm and dependable.

Megiddo, who has a rough but open personality and is easy to talk to.

Lillywood, who she had hit it off with and became like best friends.

Magnawell, who speaks stiffly but knows a lot of things and can teach her many
things.

Zwei, a magical puppet created by Kuromueina that has a sense of self and is
capable of growing.

Ozma, a laid-back person who isn’t really part of the family but spends time
with them.

And the newest addition to the family, Shalltear, a mysterious girl from another
world.

Every day she spent with these family members is boisterous, but full of
happiness. However... for some reason, there were times when she suddenly felt
loneliness she couldn’t quite express. Whenever she felt this, she would fall
asleep... and dream of her other self.

“...We sure meet a lot lately.”

[...What you had said... everything is wrong... I’m... really... happy.]

“Is that so... Then, why did you come here _again_?”

[...Eh? ...That is... because... you called me here.]

After her abrupt sleepiness would always come this dream... this conversation
with her other self. Isis thought it was because her other self was calling her.
However, the other Isis, clad in a black robe, quietly shook her head.

“You’re mistaken. I haven’t called you here. You came here by your own will.”

[...What do you mean?]

“...What we’re currently in is the deepest place in our heart.”

[...]

Calmly pointing to the skies, the other Isis spoke in a voice that even sounded
gentle. As if guided by his movements, Isis looked up at the sky and only saw
dark, thick clouds.

“You said you are happy. We are indeed happy... but deep down, our heart is
still covered by thick clouds. Not a single ray of warmth had reached us.”

[...What are... you saying? ...I don’t understand... I have no idea... what
you’re trying to say.]

“It was just as I told you before. You were realizing the things that we’d
better off not realizing. No... This is something you’ve realized all along.
That’s why you feel lonely even when you’re with Kuromueina and the others.”

[...I don’t know! ...What are you trying to say?!]

The words of the other Isis, the dark, enclosed skies... It brings about an
irresistible sense of frustration to her mind, making Isis scream. In response
to such an Isis though, the other Isis... spoke to her in a calm, gentle voice.

“...Please don’t get me wrong. I’m not trying to hurt you. The two of us aren’t
separate entities. You and I are both Isis Remnant. Your happiness is my
happiness, and what makes you sad also makes me sad.”

[...Then... why do you... keep on... denying my happiness?]

“I don’t think either of us is the leading self or anything like that. Both of
us are Isis Remnant. Everyone has feelings deep inside them that they don’t want
to show to others... feelings that you keep on turning your eyes away from. The
reason why you keep on meeting me... The reason why you keep on coming here is
because you keep on turning away from your true feelings.”

[...My... true feelings? ...Tell me then... Why is it... that even though I’m
happy... that I keep on feeling lonely? ...What is it... that I kept on...
looking away from?]

“...If you can keep your eyes averted, you will definitely be happy. But if I
had noticed this, you would have noticed it someday. No, it seems like you’re
already on the verge of realizing it... In that case, maybe I should just tell
it to you here?”

Saying this, the other Isis looks up at the dark cloud-covered sky. Her hair as
white as Isis’ hair spilled out from between the gaps in her robe, swaying along
the occasional breeze.

“...This is happiness, isn’t it? We have a family, we all laugh together...
Thanks to what Kuromueina has taught us, we’ve been able to suppress the magic
power of death, even if only to a certain extent.”

[...Unnn... With Kuromueina... With everyone... Surrounded by family... I am...]

“However, Zwei _was_ afraid of us at first.”

[?!]

With those words, the black snow that continued to fall around them seemed to
gain momentum. Feeling as if her heart was rapidly cooling down, Isis’ eyes
opened wide and she looked at her other self. Indeed, it was just as the other
Isis said, the Zwei created by Kuromueina had been terribly afraid of Isis when
she was just created. Let alone talk to her, she did not even try to approach
her. However, that was in the past. Now, Zwei talks to Isis just as she does to
the others and adores her as a family member.

[...That is... But... now!]

“Unnn. It’s alright now... _because_ she’s learned how to clad herself in magic
power enough to resist our magic power of death.”

[...Eh? ...Ahh.]

“...In the end, that’s all there is to it.”

Astonished, Isis stiffened. It’s as if the place where she now stands is
crumbling beneath her feet, feeling helpless. Yes, she had realized it, what
exactly her other self said that she was better off not noticing...

“Kuromueina held out her hand to us. However, that’s only because Kuromueina is
_stronger_ than us. Lillywood and the others call us their family. However,
that’s only because Lillywood and the others are _capable_ of resisting our
magic power of death.”

[...Ah... Ahhhhh...]

“Without the power to resist our magic power of death, Kuromueina wouldn’t have
reached out to us. Lillywood and the others wouldn’t have called us their
family. Yes, not one of them... would have _ever_ accepted us.”

[...You’re... You’re wrong... Stop...]

“In the future, Kuromueina and the others will be accepted by those without
power. However, they won’t accept us... There is no one who will unconditionally
accept us. Thus, there will never come a time when their warmth will reach the
depths of our heart.”

[Stop!]

Isis’ voice sounded like she’s about to cry. The words of the other Isis
violently shook the true wish that had remained dormant in the depths of her
heart. What Isis really seeks is unconditional warmth... just like the one given
from a parent to a child, happiness that seemed to envelop her body. However,
such a thought kept on following Isis, she kept on thinking about the future. No
matter how well she meets someone she gets along with, the thought that “if they
don’t have the power to resist her magic power of death, they wouldn’t have
accepted her” won’t go away from her mind.

“...Why don’t we just compromise? There’s no one who will unconditionally accept
us. So, why don’t we be content with what we have? If you can keep looking away,
you’re better off just keeping your gaze away. Otherwise, we will continue to
suffer for a long time to come.”

The other Isis told her in a gentle voice. As the other Isis herself said, it’s
not that she wanted to make Isis unhappy. That’s why I propose this. Keep on
turning her gaze away from her true wish and give up...

[...It might just be... that we haven’t... met yet.]

“...You’ll never meet such a person. Ever.”

[... That’s not true... I’m sure... I’m sure... They must be out there.]

“... I understood it. I am also you after all. That’s why, I knew you wouldn’t
give up. However, I don’t think we’ll ever find someone like that.”

No further words were exchanged between the girls. Only the black snow that
continued to fall increased in amount, freezing the depths of their heart. The
only thing that was left was a cold, cold snowflake in the depths of my heart.
Isis Remnant... has chosen a thorny path, not to compromise with what she has
now, but to continue to search for what she truly seeks... turning her back on
her own heart that tells her that she will never find it.

She began to frequently stroll around the Demon Realm. In name, it was for her
hobby... to collect items that appear in the books she likes. However, its real
purpose was to find a being who would accept her unconditionally,... It could be
described as something like a battle.

A thousand years have passed since she began her search. The concept of
Peerage-holding, High-ranking Demons and the Six Kings, created by Shalltear’s
proposal, became well known in the Demon Realm, and Isis also became widely
known as the Death King. At the same time, her family members that came to be
known as the Six Kings became independent from Kuromueina and moved to different
parts of the Demon Realm. It was lonely and painful for Isis to live apart from
her beloved family, but it was also a good opportunity for her to search for the
thing she hadn’t found yet.

Five thousand years have passed since she began her search. The Demon Realm,
where once all that mattered was the ability to fight, has been at peace thanks
to Shalltear’s work, and each region has come to have its own unique
characteristics and history. By this time, Isis had already visited every corner
of the Demon Realm. However, she was still unable to find the being she sought.

She toured every region.

She saw Demons of all races.

However, the only thing she felt from those who fled in fear of her magic power
of death was always a clear rejection. When, at the urging of Lillywood, who had
been close since their days living together, she built a castle in a place
called the land of the dead, the loneliness she felt had grown to the point that
she felt helpless.

How many times had she shed tears?

How many times had she embraced her body, which trembled with loneliness?

How many times had she been jealous of the other members of the Six Kings who
were accepted by many...?

“It seems like it didn’t work again today.”

[...Why... Why... Why was I born... with the magic power of death?]

“...I’m sorry.”

[...Why... are you... apologizing to me?]

“I guess it’s because you’re crying?”

The other Isis, whom she meet in her dream, looked up at the dark sky, which
seems to have become thicker, and told her the words she had repeated many times
before.

“...You’re not giving up yet?”

[...Perhaps... They still... haven’t been born yet.]

“Is that so? I think that’s not possible though. No one will accept us.”

[...You’re annoying... Shut up.]

If she had been able to, it might have been easier for her to give up, to
compromise. However, Isis could not give up what she wished for. Ironically,
this made her heart suffer even more.

Ten thousand years had passed since she began her search. The feeling of
resignation grew and grew, and Isis gradually stopped going out of her castle.
She spent her time alone in the spacious castle, reading a large number of books
she has collected throughout her travels around the Demon Realm. The words of
the other Isis... that there would be no one who would ever accept her, weighed
heavily on his mind. Still, she couldn’t completely give up, and just the number
of times she went out didn’t go down to zero.

Twenty thousand years had passed since she began her search. The world
drastically changed. The invasion to the Human Realm by the Demon Lord led to
the Treaty of Friendship between the three realms... and the expansion of the
world she had been living in. Therefore, it would be inevitable... that she
would harbor hope in the expanded new world..., but she wasn’t accepted. While
the other members of the Six Kings were accepted and their sphere of activity
had expanded... She alone was rejected. What she got was the fear and awe of
being the “most terrifying among the Six Kings”. As one would have roughly
expected, she also wasn’t able to find what she wanted.

[...Why... How come... I was... just...]

“Why don’t we give up already? We had worked hard enough. We traveled around the
Human Realm, even met people from another world... but still, not one of them
had accepted us. That’s why...”

[...No... Staying lonely like this... I won’t... give up.]

“...Is that so?”

On the snowfield with a black blizzard blowing around her, Isis and the other
Isis shed tears. Trembling with loneliness, they despaired about their
circumstances... yet they continued to struggle, unable to give up hope.

Could that be... perhaps the reason why? Because they did not give up everything
there, the miracle that they had been waiting for... finally appeared thousand
years later. The being that Isis had been waiting for.

A being who was not strong enough to resist her, and yet accepted her... Upon
meeting Miyama Kaito, a great change happened to her. Love is something one
falls in... She had been beaten down by loneliness and despair for so long, that
it was inevitable that she would fall in love with Kaito, who accepted her for
who she was.

After meeting Kaito, Isis’s face began to smile more and more. Every day was
truly joyful and everything around her even seemed to sparkle. When she heard
that he accepted her feelings and asked her to be his lover... she felt so much
happiness that it was difficult to express it in words. Whenever she spent time
with her new lover and smiled from the bottom of her heart, her heart, which
should have been frozen, was filled with nothing but warmth. In the midst of
such happiness, which could be called the peak of her life, Isis had a dream for
the first time in a long time.

“...”

Staring back at her was the other Isis, whom she had met many times before.

[...It doesn’t matter... what you say... anymore... Kaito... is my destined
person... Together with Kaito... I will be happy... No... I will show you...
that I will be happy.]

Saying this, Isis’ eyes were filled with a strong and definite light, very
different from when she was shedding tears while shaking with loneliness.

[...I’m not the only one... receiving it from Kaito... I will also... give Kaito
happiness... I’ll show you... that I won’t make Kaito... regret that... he loved
me... Together with Kaito... I will... be happy... If I’m together with Kaito...
We’ll definitely achieve it.]

Looking back, it seems that all along, Isis’s heart may have remained weak. No
matter how powerful she was, her heart was that of a lonely, trembling child.
But now, thanks to the presence of Miyama Kaito, Isis has gained a firm pillar
of strength. Therefore, with a strong and unshakable will, she confronted the
other Isis who has been denying her until now.

“...Unnn. That’s what I think so too.”

[...Eh?]

However, what came back was not a denial, but an affirmation.

“Fufu, why are you surprised? It’s just as I told you, it’s not that I wanted to
make you unhappy. I am you, the both of us is Isis... Your happiness is my
happiness...”

As she calmly told her in a clear voice, the other Isis took off the hood of the
robe that she had been wearing... and there Isis found a face exactly the same
as hers, smiling happily from the bottom of her heart.

“...Look, the clouds above us have cleared up.”

[...Ahh... Indeed.]

Just as the other Isis had said, when she looked up at the sky, the sky, which
had been dark and covered with thick clouds, had turned into a dazzling blue
sky... and warm light was shining into the snowfield.

“Kaito had illuminated us. He brought warmth to the depths of our heart.”

[...Unnn... Kaito... is amazing.]

“Unnn. I don’t need to reject you anymore... and there’s no need for us to meet
like this.”

[...Are you going to disappear?]

“I won’t disappear. I am you, and you are me... Blending into one, as Isis
Remnant, we will live together with Kaito from now on... seeing the same things,
having the same feelings.”

The other Isis said. Saying that her role is now over and that she will return
to her original form from now on, living together with her...

[...Thank you.]

“What for?”

[...For taking on... a thankless role... all these years.]

“You’re weird, thanking yourself.”

[...Fufu... I... suppose.]

Unlike in the past, Isis was able to have a more relaxed mind, and so, she
realized. The other Isis in front of her had been denying her own wish for a
long time... and when those times came, trying to lighten the pain in Isis’
heart, she went ahead and insulted her...

Illuminated by the warm sunlight, the two Isis brightly smiled.

---

“After leaving Alice’s general store, I walked leisurely back to Lilia-san’s
mansion”.

I’m kinda feeling a sense of deja vu... It seemed a little strange, but as I
wasn’t able to think of any particular cause for this feeling, I concluded that
it must have been my imagination and just proceeded with my steps. But at that
moment—I felt something out of place, far exceeding what I had been feeling just
now.

It was almost evening, the time of the day when streets would normally be
crowded with people returning home from work or going out shopping for dinner,
but there wasn’t a single soul that could be found in the wide straight main
street, filled with a strange silence. Finding myself in such an abnormal scene,
as if this space had been cut off from the rest of the world, I naturally
stopped in place.

[...What the heck is—?!]

Immediately afterwards, a chill ran down my back and I can feel the hairs on my
body raising. The buildings in the vicinity were melting as if they were
rotting, and the road in front of me was collapsing, a sensation so horrifying
that it was almost impossible to imagine such a scene in my mind.

I don’t know why, but my body was shivering, and it feels like the sound of my
thirsty throat was loudly resounding in my ears. And it isn’t just in my head,
all of my body... and the instincts within it were warning me.

...That “something very frightening” is coming.

It’s different from the pressure I’ve felt from Kuro’s magic power when she
visited me in Lilia-san’s mansion before. It was much more fundamental, an
inexplicably terrifying feeling that seemed to alert my instincts as a living
being. In other words, a negative presence—dense enough that I could feel it on
my skin.

And then, from the end of the dimly-lit road which is tainted with silence, that
appeared. Long hair as white as ashes, morbidly white skin, deep and gloomy
blood-like crimson eyes. A woman dressed in a “black gothic dress-like
clothing”, wrapped in a pale blue light, floating just like fluttering
dandelions, she approached my direction with an eerie presence around her. She
looked like a ghost, but she held beauty that could be described as unequaled.
However, even her beauty accentuates the fear I’m feeling.

[Kahh... ahhh...]

Just by seeing the woman... I felt like I saw “an illusion that my head had been
decapitated”. I can’t breathe well and my whole body is shaking like crazy. And
yet, I’m unable to move from where I stood at all. Fear I’ve never felt before
surged through my body, and at the same time, my instincts were intensely
warning me.

Don’t get involved with her, quickly run away... or else, I will be killed...

However, contrary to such thoughts, my legs won’t move at all, as if my feet
were sewn to the ground.

“...What an unusual magic power... Are you... the Hero?”

[?!]

Her cold voice resounds, and her red eyes look at me. At that moment, I felt a
chill that froze my whole body, and I lost all my words due to the intense
discomfort I’m feeling. Ahh, I knew this feeling... It was just like back then.
The day I lost my parents. The crushed car, the feeling of blood running down my
neck, the coldness that seemed to drain the heat from my body... That’s right.
This is the feeling of impending death... An overwhelming fear that seemed to
freeze my soul.

Yes, I felt so terrified of this woman I’ve met for the first time. As the
feeling of fear seemed like it’s starting to overwhelm my thoughts, the question
of the unusual woman “Are you the hero?” popped within my mind. Even though my
instincts are telling me that I have to respond, that I mustn’t go against this
being, my body just keeps on shaking and I can’t move properly.

“...I repeat... Are you... the Hero?”

As if my continued silence was off-putting, the woman changed her tone to a
slightly stronger one and asked me the same question again. It was as if I was
being strangled by an invisible hand, pushing me down with an oppressive,
suffocating feeling.

[...I’m an... otherworlder, but... I’m not... the Hero.]

“...Is that so?”

The woman nodded to the words that I barely managed to squeeze out, without
showing any particular reaction. The silence is heavy. I feel as if the air
itself has weight. The trembling in my body grows even stronger, wanting to get
rid of this hellish feeling as soon as possible. After a few moments of silence,
the woman holds out her hand to me to shake my hand.

“...I’m... Isis... Isis Remnant... Nice to meet you.”

[Ughh?! Aaaahhhh...]

The moment I looked at the held out hand, what rose in my hand was an intense
sense of discomfort. A feeling of fear... Far greater than my mind can tolerate,
and I feel like nausea was rising from the pits of my stomach. I have to escape,
escape, run away, run... my instincts were intensely screaming at me. The hand
that is supposed to look white and beautiful, looks like the sickle of the Soul
Reaper. I mustn’t hold that hand. If I were to hold her hand, I will die. Don’t
defy her, don’t go against her, don’t take my eyes away from her... One after
another, they resounded in my head like an alarm clock waking me up from sleep.

“...”

Seeing me like that, the woman slightly lowered her eyes, without saying
anything. And the moment I saw the expression on her face, deep sorrow and
intense loneliness in her slightly wavering eyes... I felt as if she was
inhabited by a feeling of loneliness that was too intense. I “don’t have some
sort of power that could help me read other people’s emotions”. That’s why, this
was just a feeling of mine. To be clear, I don’t understand the logic behind
this. Why did I feel this way? I don’t know the logic for this thought, nor do I
have a clear reason or basis for it.

But for some reason—If I were to run away here, I feel like I would regret it
for the rest of my life.

“...Eh?”

I can hear the startled voice of the woman. My body, which should have been
frozen in fear, awkwardly moved... And I found myself slapping my cheeks with
both of my hands. The bizarre fear that still assaults my body hasn’t
disappeared. I feel like puking at the prospect of imminent death. However, the
thoughts that were coming to my mind are about to become something completely
different.

Get your head out of your ass! Go think about the situation more seriously this
time!

What did this person even do to me? Did she do any harm to me or had she ever
directed her hostility towards me? No, she didn’t... She had only asked me if
I’m the Hero, and then, introduced herself and asked for a handshake. She didn’t
do anything strange. Looking back into the woman’s red eyes, which seems
somewhat startled, I was about to reach out and accept the handshake... but the
intense sense of discomfort assaulted me again.

Clenching my teeth within this dizzying fear and discomfort, I still tried to
desperately move my hand. I don’t have any basis for my actions, nor do I have
any reason why. I don’t even know why I’m so desperate... However, I feel like I
have to hold this person’s hand... right here, right now. If I had been in the
same situation before I came to this world, I would have definitely ran away.
However, when I came to this world and met Kuro... I understood that even a
single goodwill could save a person’s heart. I’ve learned how glad I am to have
her reach out to me, even if I’m hiding deep within the darkest depths of my
heart. For this reason, if I’m the only one who can reach into the depths of
this person’s heart at this moment in time, then... There’s no way I can run
away from here.

I’m sweating profusely and my body is shaking like crazy... but if I’m shaking,
that means it isn’t that I can’t move! Then stop shaking there like an idiot,
and get moving!

I don’t know if it had been answered because of the scream within my heart...
Clenching my teeth so hard that my lips were bleeding, I desperately tried
reaching out... Little by little, my hand moved towards the woman in front of
me. At that moment, the discomfort I felt became even more intense, and for a
moment, I felt like I was going to lose consciousness, but I bit my lip hard to
hold onto my awareness. Even as my hand was shaking, and even though my body was
shaking, I didn’t stop.

The fear of death assaulting my mind is too intense. I want to escape. Even as
this feeling grows stronger and stronger though, I still try to reach out my
hand. Little by little, an incredibly small distance at a time... I tried to
hold the woman’s hand at a pace so slow that it took me several minutes for my
hand to move a single centimeter. Whether I’m feeling nauseous and consciousness
dimming, whether it’s sweat or tears flowing down my face... What kind of face
I’m making right now... I don’t know any of that.

Why am I so desperate?

Why do I need to feel this much pain, reaching out to this woman, whom “I have
never met before”?

I’m just an ordinary guy with no special power. Therefore, moments like this
make my weakness pretty clear. Even at this very moment, I’m afraid of this
woman in front of me. But still, I don’t know why... but I just couldn’t bring
myself to choose the option of giving up. How much time passed? Anyway, my hand
reached the hand of the woman who had spent a ridiculously long time waiting for
me to hold it out the whole time.

The moment I held her hand, I was struck with a fear even more intense than
before, and I fell to my knees on the ground, unable to stand. But... not yet. I
still haven’t spoken a word back to her yet. Get up, get up! I’m just feeling
scared... Bring about my whole body, muster all the strength I can!

Getting up, holding my wobbling leg with my other hand, I slowly turned my
attention to the woman in front of me. The smile on my face as I looked at her
looked forced, but I think it can’t be helped. Still, I want to get along with
her. Setting my mind straight to the thought of wanting to be friendly with
her... I spoke.

[...It’s nice to meet you... I’m Miyama Kaito.]

As I told her this in a voice that is aptly described as me squeezing those
words out of my throat, the girl smiled... and the intense fear that had
assailed my body completely vanished immediately afterward. Not only that, but
the surrounding scenery changed to a “snowfield”... a blanket of silver-colored
snow covering up my surroundings, and at the same time, “the memories that I had
somehow forgotten until now” began to come back to me.

[...Eh? Arehh? Isis-san?]

“Unnn. You’re both right and wrong. I’m sorry, Kaito... for trying to test you.”

Isis-san, who was wearing a black dress unlike her usual blue dress, said
something I didn’t understand, in a voice that seemed to resonate in my ears
just like Lillywood-san’s voice did. What did she mean? The atmosphere around
her also feels different from normal... but the woman in front of me... I think
she’s definitely Isis-san.

[Errr, you are... Isis-san, right?]

“You could say I indeed am, but you could also say I’m slightly different.
However, unnn. I will be glad if you call me Isis.”

[I understand... Ummm, Isis-san. Where is this?]

“With my power, I’ve connected _your_ heart with mine. You can think of this as
a dream. Earlier, I was trying to test Kaito a little bit, so you weren’t able
to remember some of your memories...”

In a dream... I see, the situation itself was rather strange, but thinking about
the strange events that have just happened earlier, it makes sense. Was that
perhaps... in a way, a reenactment of my encounter with Isis-san? I see, it felt
a little strange... but I guess that was because I was in a state where I
couldn’t remember things? I mean, Isis-san... So you’re able to do stuff like
that huh.

“I’m a part of Isis’ mind. It’s not that one of us is the real one or anything
like that. It’s just that me and the other me blended together. If I were to
explain it, you could say I’m the first Isis Remnant... wait, Isis... You could
say that this self is another me. That’s why, you could say I indeed am Isis
Remnant, but you could also say I’m different... Hey, Kaito? Do you know who I
am?”

[...]

Her riddle-like phrasing makes me tilt my head back and think. She’s indeed Isis
Remnant, but you could also say she’s different... If I take her word for it,
the woman in front of me is Isis-san, but not Isis-san. As I was thinking about
this, something suddenly came to my mind.

[...Could it be... You are “her magic power of death”...]

“Unnn. You’re right... Though I suppose the most correct answer... would be the
memory of the being from the _origin_ of her magic power of death?”

[Errr, I’m sorry. I don’t really get what you...]

“It’s alright. I’ll explain it to you. That’s why I called Kaito here like
this... However, I want to walk with Kaito for a bit. Is that no good?”

The magic power of death... Or rather, the other Isis-san looked at me with a
slightly anxious expression on her face. She had the face of the Isis-san I know
so much... Whatever the case may be, I felt such a sense of relief that the
being in front of me was indeed Isis-san.

[Of course, gladly... There’s no reason for me to refuse an invitation to a date
from my precious lover after all.]

“Ahh... Unnn!”

Hearing my words, a smile that seemed like blooming flowers appeared on
Isis-san’s lips, making her look so unfairly cute that I can’t help but smile.
Thereupon, Isis-san held out her hand to me, seemingly expecting something, and
I, sensing her intentions, took her hand in mind and started walking with her.

[...How should I say this... This place is beautiful, isn’t it? A world
blanketed in silver snow... With the clear skies above us, it feels especially
so.]

“Kaito, have you not seen views like this that much?”

[Yes, we didn’t get a lot of snow where I lived. This feels rather refreshing.]

“Fufu, I see.”

[...You seem happy, Isis-san.]

“Unnn. I’m very, very happy. Not only because I’m together with Kaito... but
because I realized once again that Kaito is the coolest guy in the world.”

[N-No matter how you put it, you’re exaggerating...]

Isis-san looked really happy from the bottom of her heart, praising me with a
big smile on her face. Embarrassed by this, I responded while scratching my
cheek with my free hand, to which Isis-san shook her head.

“That’s not the case at all. After all, Kaito held my hand... I believed that if
it’s Kaito, you would face our magic power of death even _without_ your Sympathy
Magic. However, I never expected you would also hold our hand.”

[E-Errr...]

Ahh, I see. The meeting I just had with Isis-san was different from what I
remember... I don’t know what the logic of how it happened is, but I was in a
state where I couldn’t use my Sympathy Magic earlier...

“The magic power of death is the fundamental fear of all beings, something that
couldn’t be withstood by mere mental power... is how it should have been, but
Kaito suppressed even that. In the midst of fear that normally would have caused
one to go insane or have a mental breakdown dozens of times, you still held my
hand. Kaito _really_ is amazing!”

[...A-Ahaha... Well, you can count on me.]

Eeeeehhhh?! Was I in that much of a peril just now? Go insane? Mental breakdown?
M-Magic power of death... really is something amazing huh. I felt some shudder
crawl behind my back, but seeing Isis-san looking very happy, I think it was
worth the effort.

[H-However, errr... Isis-san is also amazing. Connecting your heart and
temporarily blocking memory, you’re also able to do stuff like that huh.]

Putting aside what had happened earlier behind, for the time being, I decided to
ask her what was on my mind.

“...Hmmm. This is something only I can do right now. With the blessing Kaito
received from Shallow Vernal, ordinary Mental Magic will be nullified.”

[Eh? Then, how would Isis-san be able to do stuff like this then...]

“Errr... By acquiring the power of a God... or something like that... I guess?”

[Why is it that you yourself aren’t sure about that... Rather, the power of a
God?]

“Unnn, before I was _reborn_ as Isis... I was called the _Great Evil God of
Despair_.”

[...Yes?]

Wait a second there. I feel like some outrageous information was just being
casually brought up right there?! I am curious about the fact that she was
reborn, but I’m more curious about that name “Great Evil God of Despair”, which
is certainly brimming with an aura of a last boss. Confused by the information I
was being told, Isis looked at me with a small smile on her lips, before she
spoke.

“The being which is my... no, our origin was a God from a world different from
this one.”

[...And that is the Great Evil God of Despair?]

“Unnn... Even though I was a God, I wasn’t that powerful. If it comes to combat
ability, the current us is much more powerful than the us back then, and
compared to the God of this world, Shallow Vernal, we are incredibly inferior.”

With her gaze fixed on the clear blue sky, Isis-san spun her words with a
somewhat nostalgic look on her face. A world different from this one... A God
from another world huh. Judging from the way she talked about it, it’s also a
different world from the Earth I lived on.

“...Lonely, I don’t want to be alone... That’s all what I as the Great Evil God
was thinking about. However, I wasn’t able to speak, and all I could do was
connect my heart with the hearts of others... That was the only way for me to
connect with others.”

Just from hearing those words, I get the impression that she was a lonely God,
and she didn’t seem like the kind of being that would be called an Evil God, but
perhaps, there’s something more to the story than that.

“However, the magic power of despair dwelled within me. Just like the magic
power of death, it brings those whose hearts I connected with to despair... I
almost destroyed the world twice because of it.”

[...However, that’s not what Isis-san wanted... and was just a side-effect,
right?]

“...Unnn. I was lonely, I wanted to connect with someone... but when I reach out
for others, I end up enveloping the world in despair. The first time it
happened, I was sealed. The second time, on a scale and at a speed even greater
than the first, I nearly dyed the world in despair.”

Isis-san’s hand is trembling slightly. Remembering the loneliness of that
moment, it felt as if she was freezing... Putting a little bit of strength into
my hand holding Isis-san’s hand, and without saying anything, I waited for her
next words.

“... And for the second time... I was killed by the Hero of Hope. No, it’s more
correct to say I was almost killed... but I cast aside most of my body and fled
to another world with only my soul, using the last of my strength,... because I
didn’t want to die... all alone.”

Looking at it from a different perspective, it may truly be a heroic tale. The
Great Evil God who once nearly destroyed the world has returned, and the Hero of
Hope has defeated them. However, the Great Evil God had no malicious intent to
destroy the world, she was just lonely and wanted to connect with others... And
the only way she could connect with others was by bringing them to despair. It’s
a very sad story.

I couldn’t watch Isis-san trembling any longer, so I reflexively hugged her
slender body. For a moment, Isis-san looked surprised, but then she immediately
smiled happily and pressed her face against my chest. After a short period of
silence, being careful not to rush her... I slowly urged her to continue the
conversation.

[...And then, you arrived in this world?]

“...Unnn. I arrived here and immediately met Shallow Vernal. As I said before,
Shallow Vernal is on a completely different level from me. It would have been so
easy for Shallow Vernal to crush me like a bug and make me disappear.”

I wonder what Isis-san... the Great Evil God felt at that time? She didn’t want
to die alone, so she desperately ran away... only to meet a strong person she’s
helpless with on the path of her escape. The tragedy of that moment must have
been so great that I can’t even imagine it.

“However, Shallow Vernal didn’t eliminate me. I don’t know what Shallow Vernal
was thinking back then, but I think... it was probably just a whim. She took my
soul and recreated its core... Gave me even greater power, and was born again.”

[...And that’s when Isis-san was born huh.]

“Unnn. In the process of my rebirth as Isis, the magic power of the dead
gathered around me and the magic power of despair turned... no, it evolved into
the magic power of death. And for some reason, the memory of the being known as
the Great Evil God of Despair remained in the depths of our soul, not completely
erased... Perhaps, the loneliness we felt back then may be because of the hazy
memories that linger within it.”

Considering that, how long has Isis-san spent in solitude? Perhaps, it was so
long that I can’t even imagine it anymore. Having such a thought in mind, my
embrace towards Isis-san naturally tightened.

“I usually exist as a part of Isis Remnant... but since olden days, when Isis
receives _strong_ rejection because of her magic power of death, I appear as a
separate consciousness in Isis’ dreams. Well, right now... I wanted to talk to
Kaito, so I kind of forced myself to come out.”

It seems that Isis-san has come to an end. Now then, how should I respond to
her? It must have been hard, it must have been sad, it’s easy to put it into
words. However, I don’t think I can say things like I understand her.

[...Thank you for telling me all about it. I’m glad to know a lot more about you
than before, Isis-san.]

“...Kaito.”

[Don’t look so anxious. It’s alright... Even if I know you have such a past, my
feelings for you won’t disappear. Whether or not you have the memories of a
Great Evil God or not, whether or not your tone of voice is different from the
usual Isis-san... You are definitely the Isis-san I know... the Isis-san that I
love.]

“Ahh...?! Kaito... Kaito...”

Hearing Isis-san’s words, she tightly hugged me, tears in her eyes. Looking at
the anxiety on her face, I could already imagine what she was thinking. I think
that Isis-san basically doesn’t have self-confidence... or rather, she has
experienced a dreary loneliness, which often makes her think in a pessimistic
way. When she told me about the fact that her origin was this Great Evil God,
she had such an anxious look on her face, as if she was afraid I would hate her
for that.

But well, that’s an unnecessary worry.

Something like that wouldn’t change the fact that I love Isis-san. Isis-san, who
was crying as she rubbed her face against my chest, looked up at me with moist
eyes... and slowly closed her eyes. As for what she wanted, it’s easy to
understand without having to think about it. Gently bringing my face close, I
put my lips on Isis-san’s lips.

When my lips parted with hers, Isis-san looked like she’s pouting a bit, but at
the same time, she had a very happy expression on her face.

“...Kaito, I love you. I’m so happy to have met you that I regret all the time I
haven’t spent with you.”

[...I also feel the same case.]

“...Unnn!”

Rising on her lips as Isis-san responded as such was a dazzling smile. Holding
hands with Isis-san, we walked through the beautiful snow field under the blue
sky again. Isis-san seemed to be in a great mood, walking with a smile on her
face that made me feel happy just seeing it.

“Hey, Kaito.”

[Is something the matter?]

“You will soon wake up. Then, I will be there with the other me as Isis Remnant,
just as I have always been. But before that, I have one thing... I’d like to ask
Kaito while I still have the memory of the Great Evil God of Despair.”

Hmmm? What in the world could she be requesting? The fact that she went out of
her way of saying that “while she still has her memory of the Great Evil God of
Despair” suggests that it would be something related to that. However, according
to Isis-san’s story, Isis-san stared straight into my eyes and spoke with a
serious expression on her face.

“...I’d like you to tell something to the _Hero of Hope_...”

[...Eh?]

“The Hero who defeated me has now lost the strong heart she used to have. Too
afraid to lose it, she kept on clinging too much on the bonds she once had...
unable to move on.”

[E-Errr... What do you mean?]

“It’s okay if you don’t understand the meaning right now. However, I’m sure
Kaito will save that girl’s heart just as you saved mine. That’s why, at that
moment, I want you to tell her this: ‘The you who had defeated me is much
stronger than I am. Don’t just cower there and protect the people you care about
now...’”

I didn’t really understand the meaning or intent of those words. However,
Isis-san told me that I didn’t need to know about that right now.

[...I understand. Someday, when I understand what you meant, I’ll definitely
tell this to her.]

“Unnn!”

After nodding with a bright smile on her face, Isis-san stopped and faced me
with a small smile on her lips.

“It’s almost morning... about time for you to wake up.”

[...I see. I’m a little sad to part ways with you... but you and Isis-san can
continue to talk as much as you want, right?]

“Unnn... I will be in your care from now on, Kaito.”

[Yes. I’m also in your care.]

“Kaito... I love you. I love you so, so, so much...”
