---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 7: The Miracle of the Blue Flower

The 30th day of the Earth month.

I visited Isis-san at her home, and we were relaxing together, talking about our
impressions of the book she recommended to me.

[...Unnn... I also... found that part... interesting.]

[Right. The descriptions were very detailed and reading that part really draws
me in. Come to think of it, wasn’t this book recently released?]

Seeing Isis-san speaking with a happy smile on her face, I smiled back and
responded to her words, realizing that my heart also felt warm.

[...Unnn... About... a month ago.]

[...I see.]

It was really just a question to keep the conversation going, but when I heard
Isis-san’s response, something came up in my mind. Isis-san’s hobby is to
collect items that appear in books she likes, and when we had talked about it
before, I promised her that we would go looking for them together next time.
That being the case, I think this would be the perfect time to do that, right?
From what I have seen on Isis-san’s reaction to it so far, I could tell that she
liked that book. And since the book has only recently been released, there’s a
good chance that Isis-san has not yet started having it as part of her hobby,
collecting items brought up in a book.

[...Isis-san, do you have any plans to collect any of the items in this book?]

[...Unnn... I had... planned to do that.]

[If you don’t mind, can I go with you?]

[Eh?! ...Is that alright?]

[Yes. We promised before that we would go together, wouldn’t we?]

[...Ahh... Unnn! ...Going out... with Kaito again... I’m really happy.]

Apparently liking my suggestion, Isis-san brightly smiled and vigorously nodded.

[When should we go?]

[...We can... go now... I will... bring you there.]

I might be digressing, but the Teleportation Magic Isis-san uses is very
different from what the one I use in my magic tool. The Teleportation magic tool
that Kuro made for me memorizes several Teleportation points in advance and then
I could teleport to those places. Simply put, I can’t go to a place I have never
been before. Kuro did give me a detailed explanation, but it was so complicated
that I could hardly understand what she meant. However, it seems that my magic
tool and most Teleportation Magic Tools, it seems that some kind of technique is
embedded in it that appoints world coordinates. In contrast, this is also
something Kuro had told me, but it seems that most of the Six Kings, including
Isis-san, use a different and original way of teleporting.

For example, it seems that the Teleportation Magic that Kuro usually uses is one
that interferes with the law of causality, where she teleports by “making the
outcome of herself arriving in the target area definite”. That’s why Kuro could
apparently teleport to any place she wants to go, ignoring strong Teleportation
Inhibitors even if such measures were placed.

As for the Teleportation Magic Isis-san often uses, it’s apparently under the
Space-Time system, where she teleports using the method of “instantly reducing
the distance between her and her destination to zero” by using enormous amounts
of magic power. of course, the other members of the Six Kings, including Alice,
also have their own unique Teleportation Magic... but roughly speaking, it seems
that the Teleportation Magic the Six Kings used were generally
ultra-high-performance magic that allows them to teleport to places that are
normally impossible to teleport to or even to places they have never been to,
but such magic requires them to use a huge amount of magic power that can’t be
stored in ordinary magic crystals.

With such a Teleportation Magic in hand, it’s certainly possible for us to go
out to collect at her desired location right now. We also have a lot of time
anyway, so let’s get this done already. No time like the present, right?

[...Then, since we’re at it, how about we go now?]

[...Unnn!]

[Well then, the next question would be what we would be collecting.]

Many of the books that Isis-san likes are romance, and the book she read this
time was also a subgenre under romance... It was that so-called romantic comedy.
However, since there were a lot of places brought up in the novel, there are
many candidates for what we could collect. Hmmm, as an amateur, I don’t know
what is suitable for us to collect. I suppose let’s just hear what the
experienced collector, Isis-san has to say about this.

[...Isis-san, do you have a candidate for items we could collect?]

[...Hmmm... There was a scene... in this book... where they played by the
lake... and I think that would be a good one.]

[Fumu, I see. A lake would certainly have a lot of things around it that would
be easy to collect.]

[...Eh?]

In the first place, due to Isis-san’s magic power of death, it would be
difficult for us to collect items that appeared in scenes depicting a city. So,
we would inevitably collect items that were depicted in scenes around nature,
such as lakes, mountains, forests and so on. And this time, the item Isis-san
picked was at a lake where the protagonist and the heroine went on a date in the
novel... That scene had described how they found beautiful stones and admired
blooming flowers, so it seems just right.

However, in response to the nodding me, Isis-san curiously tilted her head. Why
is she tilting her head though? It’s not like there’s anything strange with what
I... No... Don’t tell me...

[Ummm, Isis-san... Were you planning to “collect the whole lake” just now?]

[...Unnn... Was the item... a bit too big?]

[...]

It had completely slipped out of my mind. Despite her cute appearance, Isis-san
is one of the most talented people in this world. She even said that she
collected “a mountain” as a hobby.

[I-I suppose so. I think it’s a bit too big... s-so, look, let’s just go with
the beautiful stones and flowers brought up in that scene.]

[...Alright.]

Collecting lakes may be something easy for Isis-san, but there’s no way I’d just
go along and say let’s do that. I would probably just be stunned by the
supernatural phenomenon of an entire lake being gouged out. Fortunately,
Isis-san agreed with me right away, and we proceeded to talk about the smaller
items we could collect. In the middle of our conversation, Isis-san suddenly
looked behind me and tilted her head.

[...Shalltear? ...Is something the matter?]

[Ahh, no, it’s nothing.]

[...Really?]

In response to Isis-san’s words, Alice appeared for a moment and responded to
her words, before disappearing again.

[Errr, Isis-san? What’s up with Alice?]

[...Just now... Shalltear... had turned her attention to me... for a moment...
so it caught my attention.]

[U-Unnn?]

[...Shalltear’s Recognition Inhibition Magic... is the best in the world... Even
me... would find it difficult to notice her... if her attention wasn’t turned
towards me.]

[...You mean to say that Alice had her attention on Isis-san earlier?]

[...Unnn... This was the first time... Shalltear did that... since she started
escorting Kaito... so I got... a little curious.]

That certainly is a curious behavior. It’s not as if Alice was the type that
would just commit a blunder. That being the case, she must have thought about
something in regards to Isis-san... Is she up to something again?

[...Well, it’s Alice we’re talking about here, so she must have something in
mind.]

[...Unnn... That’s what... I also think.]

I’m curious, but as Alice herself said “It’s nothing”, it would be pointless to
pursue this matter. For the time being, I decided to keep it in the back of my
mind and just continued talking with Isis-san.

---

Isis-san’s Teleportation Magic brought us to a lake on a plateau southeast of
Archlesia Empire. Around the large lake, even though it isn’t as many as a
flower garden, there were so many flowers of different colors blooming, and the
view is very good, partly because there are almost no trees. The breeze
comfortably caresses my cheeks, and the surface of the water reflecting the
sun’s rays is a little dazzling and beautiful. It’s truly a spectacular sight,
but it seems that this isn’t a tourist spot.

The area is surrounded by tall mountains, which makes it inaccessible to the
public, and because it’s remote, although there weren’t that many, this place
was apparently inhabited by monsters. Though I say that... The creatures in the
area, including the monsters, fled like rabbits the moment Isis-san appeared, so
it’s really a quiet place.

[...The scenery here... is beautiful.]

[You’re right. The wind feels good too. We already had lunch today, so we don’t
have anything prepared, but it looks like this would be a nice place to have a
picnic.]

[...Unnn.]

Somehow though, I felt a hint of sadness in Isis-san’s voice. No, but the
feeling of joy is still much stronger, so it’s fair to say that it has changed
dramatically compared to before. The beautiful but somewhat lonely scenery is
what Isis-san had been seeing for a long time. But now, she has me. Even such a
lonely scenery... with the two of us, it would be great if we can see it in a
different way.

[Then, since we’re at it... How about we take a stroll around here before we
look for what we’ll collect?]

[...Unnn... I’d like... that too.]

Holding out my hand as I suggested that to Isis-san, she holds it with a happy
smile on her lips. With our hands entwined with one another, we took a leisurely
walk around the lake. It’s a leisurely walk with nothing else to do but chat,
but seeing Isis-san smiling so happily makes me feel happy, so I don’t feel
bored.

After we walked around the large lake like that in a circle, we decided to look
for what we were looking for. This time, we decided to collect the beautiful
stones that were brought up in the novel, so I crouched down by the lake with
Isis-san to look for them.

[...How about this one? I think it’s pretty beautiful...]

[...I think... it has a slightly different color?]

[Ahh, it was a white stone, wasn’t it?]

[...Unnn... but that stone... is beautiful too... so if we can’t find a white
stone... let’s go with that one.]

Searching like that, we found quite a variety of stones. It also comes in
varying shapes, and there would even be times when we’ll find a stone with
unusual colors, so it was a little fun. It feels as if I have returned to my
childhood. Incidentally, the stone described in the novel was a white, round
stone... one that looks like a pearl, so we’re looking for something close to
that.

[...How about... this one?]

[Ohh, that’s white and beautiful... It also has a properly round shape. It fits
the image much better than the stone I found. As expected of Isis-san, you’ve
gotten so used to collecting that you’re better at searching for them.]

[...Ehhen.]

[Ahaha.]

[...Fufufu.]

We somehow ended up laughing together. Thereupon, Isis-san casted a powerful
State Preservation Magic on the stone she found. Since the items Isis-san found
are being kept in her castle, it’s safe to say that our objective has now been
achieved. Be that as it may, we couldn’t bear to just leave, so we decided to
relax here for a while. Spreading a leisure sheet by the lake, I sat down side
by side with Isis-san and chatted with her.

[Come to think of it, the protagonist of the novel practices his acting at this
lake, right?]

In the novel that Isis-san and I were reading this time, there was a scene where
the protagonist, a performer in an unsuccessful theater troupe, and his
childhood friend, the heroine, comes to this lake to practice for a play. When I
casually mentioned this, Isis-san looked a little sad and as she stared at the
lake, she muttered.

[...I’d like... to see a play... at least once.]

[...Isis-san.]

It isn’t surprising that Isis-san would know about theaters from the books, but
she has never actually seen it. After all, the mere fact that she is visiting
the city causes a tremendous commotion...

As I was thinking about what I should say to her, Isis-san turned to me, and
with a smile on her face, she spoke.

[...It’s alright.]

[Eh?]

[...It’s because Kaito... is already by my side... that I’m happy... I was
just... a little disappointed... I want to go... see a play... together with
Kaito.]

I couldn’t sense any dark emotions from Isis-san who smiled like that. It’s
probably true that she’s happy. In fact, I don’t think Isis-san really cares
about it that deeply. But still, even if it’s difficult now, I would like to
make her wish come true someday... when I suddenly heard some kind of music.

[Eh? What in the wo—The heck is that thing?]

Puzzled, I turned in the direction from which the sound was coming and found a
strange scene. There was a group of stuffed animal costumes holding various
musical instruments. Cat, dog, monkey, cow, horse, bear, lion, tiger, frog... It
kinda seemed like there was only one amphibian among the group of mammals, but
that was not the important point. These subtly creepy-looking stuffed animal
costumes are definitely Alice... If that’s so, what in the world is she doing?

As I pondered this, Isis-san, who was standing next to me, curiously tilted her
head and muttered.

[...This magic power... This technique... Large-scale Spatial Barrier?
...Shalltear... What are you planning to do?]

[Large-scale Spatial Barrier?]

[...A magic that temporarily... rewrites reality... within a space created by
magic power... It’s one kind of Space Isolation Barrier.]

[E-Errr... In other words?]

[...I think that... Shalltear probably... wants to show... us something.]

As soon as Isis-san muttered this, the melody resounding around us died down,
and the scenery around us literally switched immediately afterwards. Instead of
the lake on the plateau we were in earlier, I found myself in a large, dimly lit
hall with lots of seats... and a stage lit by lights. Don’t tell me...

Surprised by the suddenness of the event, an orchestra of stuffed costumes from
the edge of my field of vision began to play jaunty, enjoyable music. Thereupon,
illuminated by a spotlight, Alice appeared on the stage. Alice stood in the
center of the stage, dramatically bowed, and began to speak with her voice
resounding around us using Loudspeaker Magic.

“Welcome, our guests. Guiding you within the momentary dream world... I,
Alice-chan, will be your guide. Now, please take a seat.”

Alice’s tone of voice was as theatrical as her movements, and exchanging glances
with Isis-san, we nodded once before taking our seats side by side.

“What we present to you today is the story of a pair of man and woman. A woman
who became alone and a man who tried living alone... They are opposites yet
somehow alike, living their lives on different paths, but a single flower led
them to meet each other. Let’s call it ‘The Miracle of the Blue Flower.’ Please
enjoy it to the end.”

As Alice said this with another deep bow, the spotlight faded and the curtain
comes down. A few moments later, the orchestra began to play new music, and the
curtain slowly rose.

[...Kaito... This is...]

[...Yes, it seems to be a play.]

I didn’t need to think about what was about to begin, as it seemed like both
Isis-san and I understood. It was just as Alice said. This was a momentary dream
world... A space that fulfills the small dream that Isis-san mentioned earlier.

Perhaps... She had been expecting this to happen right from the start. That’s
why at that time, her attention had been turned towards Isis-san. for a moment.
Seriously... She’s really admirable when she actually acts. Having this in mind,
I held the hand of the slightly confused Isis-san and smiled at her once.

[...I know you have a lot of things in mind, but since Alice has prepared this
for us... I think we should just enjoy this play together.]

[...Unnn!]

Hearing my words, Isis-san nodded with some tears in her eyes and returned her
gaze to the stage with me. The stage, which had begun with Alice’s surprise, had
the format of switching between two points of views.

![Insert 5](../../_Images/v07/Insert5.png#.insert)

On one hand, there’s the woman who seeks others and wishes not to be alone, but
because of her special circumstances, she is rejected by those around her and
had to walk through a lonely path. On the other hand was the man who, because of
his painful past, has been blessed by the people around him and wanted to reach
out to him many times, but he rejected them and tried to be alone.

They are opposites, yet both sharing the same loneliness, walking on different
paths. However, through a strange coincidence, an event that can only be
considered a twist of fate, their paths gradually came close together.
Ironically however, the two weren’t able to meet. Although both of them were
aware of the other’s existence, they passed one another and weren’t able to
intersect with each other. Towards the end of the story, under the miraculous
Blue Flower... The woman and the man finally met and exchanged words. The woman
finally finds what she has been searching for, and the man realizes that he has
been lying to his true feelings. Thereupon, taking each other’s hand, they began
walking through a new path... and so was the story.

This story was probably based on Isis-san and I, but I enjoyed it purely as a
story because of Alice’s brilliant composition and performance with her
Transformation Magic. But more than that, I somehow feel a deep emotional
attachment to the characters, or rather, I’m feeling a sense of nostalgia.
Before I knew it, Isis-san, who was sitting next to me, was leaning on my
shoulder, while I was naturally embracing her as we watched the performance.

The stage continues. The woman and the man, who are now cooperating with each
other, gradually faced the circumstances in their surroundings and changed along
with it. They gradually came to love each other and became lovers. The play
ended with a scene in which the two... now lovers, went to see a play that had a
good reputation in the city. Although it may be a half-hearted ending for a
story... Alice’s intentions were clearly conveyed to both me and Isis-san.

After the curtain fell on the stage and a short silence passed, Alice appeared
again on the stage.

“How was it? Two people who were walking on different paths joined hands and
started walking on the same path. My oh my, that’s a love romance of the highest
order if I had seen one. Oya? You looking for the next part? Unfortunately, I
don’t know the rest of the story either. After all, the rest of this story ‘is
currently being sketched in the future.’”

Yes, Alice is matching the end of the play with our, the model of the play’s
current situation... They had even added a touch of what can only be described
as a brilliant performance.

Leaving with those words, Alice deeply bowed and the Large-scale Spatial Barrier
was lifted, and Isis-san and I returned to where we were before. Alice was
already gone from sight, and somehow, only the chair that Isis-san and I were
sitting on was still there, which was probably a follow-up from Alice.

[...Isis-san.]

[...Unnn?]

[It was a great play, wasn’t it?]

[...Unnn... Thanks to Shalltear... I was able... to see it... together with
Kaito... I’m glad.]

Isis-san was happily smiling as she leaned on me, and I could feel the strength
in my hands as I embraced her shoulder.

[This one may have been granted by Alice... but let’s see more things together
in the future. Let’s go to many places together.]

[...Kaito.]

[We have plenty of time... You see, we’ll be together from now on after all.]

[...Unnn... Unnn... I want to always... always... be with you... Kaito... I love
you.]

No further words were needed to convey our feelings for each other. Isis-san
looked up at me and after a few moments of eye contact, she gently closed her
eyes and as if my actions were being guided, I placed my lips on hers.

---

As the sun is setting, Kaito and Isis are cuddled up by the lake, which is
tinted with the reddish colors of the setting sun. As she watched the two of
them from a place far enough that she couldn’t hear their voices, Alice smiled.

[...Well, I guess the curtain ends with a happily ever after.]

[Shalltear sure is kind to those you think as your people.]

[...Since when have you arrived, Kuro-san?]

A response returned to the words she should have muttered to herself, but Alice
doesn’t seem to be particularly surprised as she looked at Kuromueina, who had
been sitting next to her before she knew it, with a somewhat dumbfounded
expression on her face.

[...Please don’t misunderstand me. Everything I’ve done is only for Kaito-san’s
sake.]

[Unnn? Fufu, alright then. I guess let’s call it that way.]

[...Doesn’t seem like you get me at all though... Haahhh... Well, I do have a
certain amount of affection for my family too. If I have to cut them down, I
won’t hesitate to do so... but if not, I can help them out a bit.]

Alice has a fundamentally dry personality. She’s a person working with
rationality in mind, not letting her emotions decide her actions, but she is by
no means cold-hearted towards anyone. She sometimes shows her kindness to those
whom she had once accepted as her own, like the time she turned her gaze away
when Kuromueina tampered with the Summoning magic circle, on the condition that
she would only do it once. Kuromueina herself understands that Alice was such a
person, and that’s why questions appeared on her mind upon seeing her recent
behavior.

[Hmmm. Well, I knew that... I understand that Shalltear is that kind of girl...
but you see, only when it comes to Kaito-kun, do you become really kind.]

[I... guess that might be so. Seriously, I wonder when was the last time
again... when I really wanted to help someone unconditionally...]

[...Have you found “the person you were seeking for”?]

[...I wonder about that. I don’t really know yet.]

In response to Kuromueina’s question, Alice gave a vague reply as she turned her
gaze to the sky. There was no change in her expression, and it was difficult to
read Alice’s emotions... but somehow, Kuromueina felt that the current Alice
seemed to be feeling nostalgic about a distant past.

[...However, I suppose you’re right. If Kaito-san really was the one I had been
looking for... I think that would also be great.]

[I see... “It would be great if the day you can be honest with your feelings”
come soon.]

[...]

Alice didn’t respond to Kuromueina’s words. Kuromueina, perhaps having
anticipated Alice’s lack of response, says nothing more and turns her attention
to Kaito and Isis.

[...Arehh? It seems like they noticed us. Isis is waving over here.]

[Good grief, she does realize she’s on a date with Kaito-san, right? Why won’t
she just pretend that she didn’t notice us...]

At the end of the two’s gazes, they could see Isis, who is holding hands with
Kaito, greatly waving her free hand at them. Seeing such an Isis, the two of
them couldn’t help but chuckle.

[Hmmm. Since she’s waving at us like that, why don’t we just join them?]

[I guess... Kuro-san, are you alright with your work?]

[I don’t have any more pressing matters to attend to today, so it’s alright.
Ahh, but I’d like to verify some things with Shalltear later on about the rights
to a newly discovered magic crystal vein...]

[And that’s why you looked for me huh... It seems like it was a mistake to use a
Large-scale Spatial Barrier. For me to be found this easily, this is quite a
blunder.]

[...No, these days, if I want to find Shalltear, all I have to do is look for
Kaito-kun, so it’s pretty easy.]

[...I guess you’re right.]

[Ahaha.]

After happily smiling, Kuromueina waves back at Isis and begins flying towards
her. Seeing this, Alice wryly smiled before following suit. When the two arrived
near Kaito and Isis shortly after, Isis, seemingly overcome with emotion, leaped
towards Alice.

[...Shalltear!]

[Dowaaahhh?! Why are you suddenly jumping on me?!]

[...Thank you... Thank you... so much.]

[Ahh, geez, stop clinging on me, piss off! I’m normal! Even if you stick on me,
no one’s building any tower here!!!]

[...The heck are you talking about oi.]

Alice, who is hugged by Isis, screamed with her cheeks blushing a bit, and
hearing her words, Kaito couldn’t help but throw a tsukkomi. Smiling at such a
scene, Kuromueina seemed to have thought of something, as she clapped her hands
a little later, catching the attention of the other three, before speaking.

[...Alright! Since we’ve gathered up like this, let’s have a barbecue!]

[Seems like Kuro is just like usual, suddenly saying incomprehensible things...
No, well, it’s certainly around time for dinner, so I guess the timing for that
is just right?]

Slightly taken aback by Kuromueina’s sudden suggestion, Kaito agreed.

[...Barbecue... with Kaito... Kuromueina... and Shalltear... I’m looking forward
to it.]

[It’s settled then! While we’re at it, the more, the merrier, don’t you think?
Hey, Shalltear... Can you buy us some ingredients, and also, invite Ein and
Lillywood to join us along the way?]

[No, why the heck are you making me go on an errand as if it’s a matter of
course? That’s rejected, rejected. Why the heck should I bother...]

In contrast to Isis’ happy smile, Alice looked blatantly displeased with
Kuromueina’s request. However, as if she had expected such a reaction from her,
Kuromueina pulled a large bag out of nowhere and handed it to Alice.

[I’ll pay for our meal. There’s “a hundred white gold coins” here, so can you
use them to buy some food?]

[...Incidentally, Kuro-san, what about the change?]

[You can take it as your reward, Shalltear.]

[I’ll take care of it!]

Alice, who had been bribed so swiftly, cleanly saluted before disappearing.
After they saw her off with wry smiles on their faces, Isis spoke while
squeezing Kaito’s hand.

[...I’m looking forward to it... Kaito.]

[Yes.]

The lonely girl trembling in loneliness was lonely no more. Standing in her
place was the face of a charming girl with a dazzling smile on her face, as if
she was reflecting upon the happiness within her heart. Needless to say, the
barbecue that took place that day was bustling and boisterous... and yet, very
enjoyable and filled with happiness.
