---
toc: true
---

# Serious-senpai's Room: Act 7

Today, just as usual, Serious-senpai is in the usual waiting room, reading the
7th Volume of “I was Caught up in a Hero Summoning, but That World is at Peace”.
Across from the table in front of her is ? ? ?, wearing her uncanny costume as
per usual, drinking tea and occasionally munching on a cookie, although how she
does it in her costume is a mystery.

[...Hmmm.]

[This time around, there were some serious developments added, and there were
some foreshadowing elements for the future, so wouldn’t it be a good volume for
the serious of the serious (lol), Serious-senpai?]

[I feel like I’m being made fun of there... Well, putting that aside, there were
indeed some serious revisions. There were more flirting revisions though! There
were more lovey-dovey parts in this chapter though!!!]

Hearing the question ? ? ? asked her, Serious-senpai shouted out the same line
twice, as if to emphasize how important her words were. In her rather goofy
appearance, one couldn’t sense the word “serious” at all, but she, as per usual,
was unaware of it.

[Well, putting aside your complaints to the flirting... Why do you look so
dissatisfied, or rather, why do you have that complicated expression on your
face?]

[...N-No. It’s just, seeing the serious development suddenly appearing makes me
anxious... that I don’t know how to react to it...]

[...Uwaahhh, what a pain in the ass.]

[Can’t you at least keep your own thoughts to your own mind?!]

Serious developments, of course, bring joy to Serious-senpai. However, after
being slighted so much up to this point, when a serious content is added to the
novel, it instead makes her wonder if the author is alright. Just as ? ? ? said,
Serious-senpai had a rather troublesome personality.

[...Well, it’s good that there are serious developments, but if we don’t mention
the contents of Volume 7, we’ll lose the purpose of this section. Alright, let’s
not think about this matter any further!]

[Purpose? Was there even such a thing?]

[I already mentioned this in Volume 4! This is the section where I introduce the
highlights of this volume in an easy-to-understand manner!]

At least, there was never any introduction of highlights on the back covers of
Volumes 1 through 4, but for Serious-senpai, this was apparently the purpose of
this section.

[Ahh, by the way, the first volume of the manga has just been released.]

[Stooooop! Yeah, it’s on sale! Even though it had this charm that was different
from the light novel, and I was happy that I’m at the back cover too! However,
what does that have to do with Volume 7?!]

In response to ? ? ? swiftly derailing the story, Serious-senpai shouted, just
as usual.

[Rather, why the heck are you still here after Volume 4, acting like a regular
here?! Anyone who has a part in the main story should get lost!]

[Ahh, but that has nothing to do with Volume 7, does it? Hey, Serious-senpai.
Properly do your job and introduce this volume’s serious highlights.]

[T-This bastard...]

Even though she’s irritated by the teasing of the aloof ? ? ?, she knew that she
couldn’t win in a verbal argument with her, so Serious-senpai only swallowed her
anger as her face turned red.

[...Well, for the time being, let me introduce everyone... to the highlights of
Volume 7.]

[Seems like time’s almost up.]

[...Eh?]

[Well then, I’m going back now, okay\~\~ Thank you for your hard work,
Serious-senpai. See you in the next volume.]

[......Eh?]

As ? ? ? lightly waved her hand as she left the room, Serious-senpai saw her off
with a stunned expression on her face. In the room left alone, having been
teased by ? ? ? this time as well, Serious-senpai’s bewildered voice echoed.
