---
template: afterword
---

# Afterword

For picking up the 10 Volume of “I was Caught up in a Hero Summoning, but That
World is at Peace”, thank you very much. This volume focuses on Alice, who is a
very important character throughout the series. As I may have mentioned in an
Afterword back then, Alice is a character I created with the image of “a
protagonist of a previous series”. No, there really is no such series in which
Alice is the main character, but this is just the direction of that character.
In RPGs, she’s like the Hero who had already defeated the Demon Lord, or
something along those lines.

In this volume, we learn about Alice’s past and the world she once saved to some
extent, but there’s actually a hidden setting established about her world that
hadn’t been talked about, which I’m bringing up here. In the world Alice lived
in, the hidden setting established was about how she lived on a planet called
“Earth”. As for what it’s like, it’s more fantasy-esque than the Earth Kaito
lived in... like the modern Japan we could think of. The reason Alice knows so
much about Earth and Japan is because there are many similarities between the
world she used to live in and the world Kaito used to live in. However, the
similarities doesn’t mean that Alice lived in the same world as Kaito, as the
two worlds they lived in are completely different.

In that case, why is that both worlds have a planet named Earth and similar
civilizations... the cause of this is Makina, the main body of the God of Earth
Eden. As mentioned in a previous volume and in Alice’s explanation in this
volume, Makina once lived in the same world as Alice and met her there. When
Makina created her own world, she remembered the memories she had of her best
friend and created the solar system and Earth in the image of the world she used
to live in.

Incidentally, the fact that Trinia’s ingredients and materials include a mixture
of items with names unique to Trinia, such as ripple fruits, and items with the
same names as those of Earth, such as bell peppers, is also related to this
setting. Alice, with her natural ability to manipulate information, has changed
some of the ingredients and materials to names that she’s familiar with for her
ease of understanding. However, for those that had names that had already been
well-established to the minds of the populace, she saw no need to forcefully
change them, and as a result, some items have the same name as those on Earth,
while others do not.

...Yes, it’s totally not because I’m glossing over how I tried to give items
names unique to Trinia to give it an otherworldly feeling, but later on stopped
thinking of unique names because I thought it was too troublesome. It’s also not
like I tried to come up with Trinia’s own units of measurement for length and
weight, and then decided to just use meters and grams because the calculations
were too troublesome. No, sir. Totally not.

Anyhow, it’s thanks to the readers who support us that we have reached this
major 10th Volume milestone. Thank you very much.

I would be very happy if you would continue to support me in the future as well.
