---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 5: A New Wish

I would like to say that my talk with Alice has come to an end there... but I
still have something I need to tell her.

[Now then, Alice. With that conversation settled, I actually have a message for
you.]

[...A message? Ahh, come to think of it, you did mention something that you’ll
tell me afterward.]

[Unnn. Well, I think it was too late of a message to say now but... Errr, “You
who have defeated me is much stronger than I am. How long will you cower over
there? Stop cowering there forever, protect the people you care about now”... is
what she said.]

[...E-Errr... Wait a moment please. This certainly is too unexpected for even
Alice-chan to react... It’s them, right? Considering the timing of Kaito-san
interrupting the conversation, those words should be...]

As might be expected from the smart Alice, it seemed that she immediately
realized who had sent me that message. However, it seems that because she had
figured out who it was that she was surprised.

[Well, it’s just as you guessed... It’s from Great Evil God of Despair-san.]

[That’s strange, isn’t it? How in the world did Kaito-san and that Great Evil
God come into contact with each other?]

[Errr, it’s a bit of a long story...]

As expected, even Alice seemed a little confused, so I decided to explain the
situation in detail. Though I say that, it’s not that I understand the situation
that much either. The Great Evil God of Despair fled to this world with only its
soul, and was reincarnated by Shiro-san after changing its properties. The
reincarnated being was Isis-san, and the will of the Great Evil God remained in
her magic power of death...

When I finished explaining, Alice put her hand on her chin, seemingly thinking
about this matter, and muttered.

[...I see, so Isis-san is... Indeed, I thought Isis-san’s magic power of death
was rather different, feeling more like an Authority of a God, but for her to
actually be the reincarnation of a Great Evil God... As expected, even I am
surprised. Well, not that it really changes anything... Isis-san is still the
same Isis-san, right?]

[Unnn, that’s what I thought too.]

[Well, I firmly received encouragement from my old nemesis. Although the will of
the Great Evil God may have already merged with Isis-san... from now on, I will
show Isis-san that I have become much stronger than I was back then.]

The expression on Alice’s face as she said that makes me clearly feel that her
strength was greater than before... No, it shows the true strength that she
originally possessed.

---

After we finished talking about the Great Evil God, I spent as much time as
possible chatting with Alice, with whom I had shared my feelings. One of my
hands was around Alice’s waist as she sat on my lap, while my other hand held
Alice’s hand, my fingers intertwining with hers. We talked for a while, and
before I knew it, Alice seemed to have fallen asleep, and I could hear her
gentle breathing as she slept. With all the tenseness on her body lifted, her
fatigue probably caught up with her and that’s why she fell asleep. Instead of
the pained sleeping face with tears dripping down her eyes she had a while ago,
Alice seemed reassured now, and a small smile seemed to be on her lips.

Acting spoiled as she leaned her body on me... No matter how much she stirred up
things before, Alice never acted spoiled like a young girl like this before. No
matter how bright she seems on the surface, I think that Alice’s heart was so
tense that she couldn’t feel composed at all. So, even if Alice wanted to have a
significant other, there was no space in the back of her mind for any person to
enter, and as a result, that may have acted as a final great wall for the other
party to bypass. Perhaps, I think my timing was just good. With the appearance
of Eden-san, a crack appeared in the walls, and from there, I was able to get
within Alice’s heart... or so what I feel.

I think that by telling me everything and becoming my lover, she was able to
come to terms with her past, and that gave Alice a sense of leeway in her heart.
That’s why she has entrusted herself to me now, in a state of complete relief.
I’m really happy about that, and most of all, I can’t help but love Alice even
more. Looking at Alice, peacefully sleeping on my lap, I vowed again, that I
would never let her shed such pain-filled tears again.

But still, she looks really pleased while sleeping like that... I guess she must
be having a good dream.

---

It was in an unpopular wooden building. Looking at this familiar place, which
now remains only in a corner of her memory, Alice understood that this is a
dream.

[...How nostalgic.]

It’s a place that will remain a precious memory for her... For this place was in
one of the many adventurer’s guilds that she used to visit when she was an
adventurer together with her best friend. The place, which seems to be a tavern
and receptionist combined into one, makes Alice’s heart feel calm, and makes her
feel an inexplicable sense of nostalgia. Although she was in a dream where her
consciousness was very clear, it is because of Kaito’s acceptance of her heart
that she can look at this past scenery with nostalgia...

As she was looking around the room, Alice’s thoughts stopped when she saw a
certain table.

[...Eh?]

A large room that she had expected to be empty. At a table at the far end of the
room, a figure sits with its back to Alice. The figure, who had two shades of
gray and black semi-short hair and appeared to be about the same height as
Alice, had a huge jet-black staff propped up next to her, probably more than
twice her height. One can’t see her face just by looking at her back, but there
was no way Alice could mistake her for anyone else. That’s because that back...
belongs to the one she had been with the longest in the world she was from.

[...It’s been a long time, “Alicia”... No, you call yourself Alice now, right?]

[...I...ris?]

Calling with a voice Alice was familiar with, the girl turns towards Alice with
a small smile on her lips. Her beautiful light green eyes, with a light that
seems to be a mixture of sharpness and gentleness just like it had in the past,
quietly looked at Alice.

[...Iris... Iris!!!]

[...Fuuu.]

Yes, this is but a dream. This wouldn’t have been possible if it weren’t a
dream... However, for Alice, she wouldn’t mind even if it was a dream. A reunion
with her best friend who was supposed to be dead. Motivated by her joy, Alice
runs towards Iris, and seeing Alice like that, Iris gets up from her chair with
a smile on her face... while “swinging” the jet-black staff in her hand.

[You... fool!!!]

[Fugyaaahhh?!]

Thereupon, she struck back at Alice, who was running up to her, with her staff
right at Alice’s face. Alice, blown back by her strike, falls over a nearby
table, before raising her upper body while holding her face that was struck by
Iris. Thereupon, Iris approached the fallen Alice with heavy footsteps.

[I-Iris? What are you suddenly...]

[I knew you would take some time, but no matter how I see it... I’ve waited too
long! You idiot!!!]

[Gueeehhhh?! Wait, I-Iris?]

[Tens of thousands of years, doing nothing but hesitating! Good grief, why the
heck did you not open up your heart to anyone?! Because of that, I’m always
stuck here, “unable to come out”, you know?!]

[Eh? Eeehhh, hey, w-what do you mean... Isn’t this a dream...]

Her collar grabbed and greatly shook... Alice, who was being scolded just like
old times, felt something out of place from the words Iris told her. Thereupon,
heaving a sigh, Iris lets go of Alice’s collar. Picking up a chair lying nearby,
Iris sat on it and spoke.

[Yeah, this is no different than a dream... However, it can be said that the me
who is talking to you now is “real”...]

[...Eh? N-No way...]

[No way, your head. I told you, didn’t I? I don’t think I could leave a big
idiot like you alone... Well, as it turns out, it took me far too much time to
talk to you like this.]

[...W-Why, h-how...]

When Iris told her that she is the real one, Alice was astonished, asking her
what she meant. She was sure that Iris was dead. Alice, who took care of her
until the end, knows that better than anyone else. However, hearing such words,
Iris continued to speak with a wry smile on her face.

[Fuuu, your behavior is easy for me to predict. I’ve spent many years in
research, but I’ve never found a way to become immortal like you.]

[T-That’s right. And yet, Iris is...]

[However, within my research, I came up with a theory.]

[...Eh?]

[If Heart Tools exist, that may mean that souls do exist, so I thought of the
possibility... of a Heart Tool carrying one’s soul.]

[?!]

At the words Iris told her, Alice looked astonished for the umpteenth time.

[I knew you would take my Heart Tool, along with my remains, into your
_Hekatonkheires_, so I gave “that” to you while I’m on the verge of dying.]

[...H-H-H-... How did you know that?]

[Haven’t I told you why? It’s simple. I told you that it was just a mere
possibility, and I wasn’t sure about it... Transferring my soul into your Heart
Tool, if I fail, I will definitely die... There’s nothing more cruel than to
create failing expectations.]

[...]

[It was a gamble to begin with. I only have one chance, and as far as I know,
your _Hekatonkheires_ is the only Heart Tool that can take in another Heart
Tool... That’s why it was just a theory. But well, it succeeded...]

[...T-Then... You’re really... You’re the real Iris?]

Hearing Iris’ words, Alice finally understands that the being in front of her is
really her best friend... Or rather, her soul, and asks for confirmation as her
voice trembled.

[...Yeah, I’m the real one... It’s been a long time.]

[Iris!!!]

[Nuooohh?! H-Hey, stop clinging on me!]

[Iris! You’re really Iris, right... Uuuaaahhhh... I missed you! I really missed
youuuuuu!!!]

[...Haahhh... Good grief, seriously... You really are a stupid fellow.]

As Iris was being jumped upon by Alice, with tears dropping down her eyes, Iris
dumbfoundedly muttered... Her eyes gently looked at Alice. As Alice cried like
that for a while... no, for quite a long time, she slowly looked up and asked
Iris.

[...Uuuu... Why did you... not talk to me until now? I-I...]

[Why, you ask? ...That’s because your heart is filled with all sorts of stuff
that I can’t find any opening for me to get out!]

[Ueeeghhh?!]

[If you had been quicker in dismissing my death, I could have gotten out
sooner... How dare you act so worried...]

[Aahhh, uuuuuu...]

Today, Iris is residing in her Heart Tool. She can directly speak to Alice’s
mind, but other than that, she can’t do anything else. However, until now,
Alice’s heart has built a wall that doesn’t allow any outsiders in, and Iris
couldn’t speak to her either. But this time, thanks to Kaito, Alice is able to
come to terms with Iris’ death and is now more relaxed... Thanks to that, Iris
was able to meet Alice again in the form of a dream.

[...I’d also like to thank that guy for that. Thanks to him, I can have a
conversation with you like this, even when you’re unconscious.]

[...Uuuuu... Kaito-san...]

[Go tell your thanks to him yourself... Go on, dreams are just momentary
memories... It’s already about time you wake up.]

[...Eh? Ahhh?!]

When Iris told her this in a soothing tone, Alice realized that her body is
beginning to become transparent. Dreams aren’t something you can see all the
time when you sleep. The time that Alice and Iris can talk isn’t that long.
However, this isn’t the last time they’d meet... Seeing the uneasy look on
Alice’s face, Iris gently smiled.

[Don’t worry... We can talk again, as much as we want. That’s as long as you’re
still alive though...]

[Auuuu... U-Unnn!]

[...I’ll also be able to talk to you again in your dreams. If you start worrying
about the most useless stuff again, be ready for my harsh scolding, okay?]

[...Unnn... Unnn.]

We will see each other again. Hearing those words that really filled her with
hope, Alice nodded again and again while tears dripped from her eyes. Then,
seeing off Alice as she was about to wake up... Iris’ gentle voice resounded.

[...Congratulations, Alice. I wish for your happiness... That’s my new wish
after we meet again like this.]

After seeing her off with these words, Iris tried to go back to sleep in Alice’s
heart again. Iris, who is currently a consciousness within Alice’s Heart Tool,
could thus interfere with Alice’s consciousness through dreams, but only for a
really short time. Looking forward to the time when she would be able to talk to
Alice in her dreams again, just as she felt her consciousness fading—she felt as
if she heard the “sound of moving gears”.
