---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 4: The Path the Girl Known as Hero Took

That uncomfortable feeling may have shown itself on her face from time to time.
However, it wasn’t until after Eden-san left that it took a definite form on her
face.

[...Kaito-san. I’m sorry. It’s just that I’m a little bit tired... So, can we
have our date at another time?]

[Eh? Y-Yeah... Are you alright?]

After Eden-san left, Alice said that to me with a wry smile pasted on her face.
There’s nothing strange about the words themselves. Just a few minutes ago,
Alice was seriously battling the powerful Eden-san, so it’s natural that she
would get tired. However, somehow... There was an uncomfortable feeling buzzing
within my chest, an uncomfortable reason that I couldn’t explain.

[Ahaha, I’m totally alright! It’s just that even the special Alice-chan can get
tired sometimes.]

[I-I see...]

I wonder why? Even though it looks like Alice is laughing... Why does it look
like she’s “crying”? Come to think of it, it was the same just now. Alice should
have been very angry at me, but for some reason, she wasn’t... It felt like she
was shaking in fear. Though I say that, it still doesn’t explain what exactly is
wrong with her... That’s why I don’t know what to do.

[Well then, I’ll attach a clone to you and leave her as your guard... I’ll be
excusing myself then.]

[...Yeah.]

As Alice cut the conversation short at that moment and left, I wanted to call
her and make her stop walking away... but I couldn’t find the words to say.
Reaffirming that I knew nothing about Alice, in the end, I could only nod my
head. Alice is like a friend I can let my guard around... A close friend who
would be something that can be considered as bad company. She’d show up out of
nowhere, interject with the conversation, and mess around... Such a scene had
become normal in my everyday life before I knew it. I had thought I knew
Alice... No, it may just be that I was trying to convince myself that I knew
her.

Alice rarely talks about her past. She had a clear wall around her, as if she
was imploring others not to step in... Staying in a situation where no one knows
anything about her. But today, Alice expressed her fury for the first time. I’ve
been thinking about Alice’s face at that moment... And I had one thought,
sticking in my mind so much that it hurts. It isn’t that I didn’t know anything
about Alice... It’s just that “I didn’t try to know” her...

Alice treats me well and laughs with me... I think I’ve been taking advantage of
that, thinking that I know her and avoided making any effort to know her. After
all, I... At that time... I don’t even know why “Alice lost her composure and
got angry”...

I can’t just let this continue. At least... I couldn’t forgive myself for not
even being able to say anything sensible to Alice as she left with a sad-looking
back.

---

Returning to the general store where there wasn’t a single customer, Alice
lowered the CLOSED tag on her door and walked into the door... she struck her
“shaking hands” on the wall.

[...I had been naive. That Teleportation Magic in the beginning... I was being
completely negligent and was caught off guard... If that person had the
intention to kill Kaito-san... I have... I would have...]

Covering her face with her trembling hands, Alice’s entire body trembled in
fear. Her wail of sorrow disappearing in the void... The outcry of a girl
frightened of the worst future.

[...I don’t want it... such a future... I will definitely...]

Muttering in a grieving voice, Alice stared into the dim darkness with tears
streaming down her face.

[...I won’t let anyone steal him away... Those who have budding resentment
towards Kaito-san... I’ll kill all of them... I won’t let anyone steal him
away... I will never let anyone steal him away... I will never... lose
Kaito-san...]

Those words aren’t meant for others, but words that she says to herself. She’s
suffering and grieving, but she’s still unable and unwilling to let go... With
these thoughts in mind, Alice’s unforgiving heart severely tortured her
worthless self.

[...It hurts... What am I supposed to do? Iris... Iris... How could I remove
this... “This curse you put on me”... I don’t know anymore... Answer me...
Partner.]

There is no one that could answer her call for help. Within the quiet dim
light... Only the voice of the sobbing girl could be heard.

---

[...Sorry. I don’t think I can help you much with that either.]

[...I see.]

I knew I couldn’t let this continue, so I decided to get to know Alice first.
That said, she has been hiding it from him all this time. I didn’t feel
comfortable asking her about a topic that she didn’t want others to step into.
So, I figured I’d ask elsewhere, and the first person I turned to was Kuro...
However, after Kuro listened to me, she apologetically shook her head.

[I don’t know that much about Shalltear either... Hmmm. I do know something
about her to some extent, but I don’t think I can say that I really know her.]

[You don’t?]

I asked Kuro, thinking that she was her family and have been friends with her
for a long time, so she might know something, but she told me that she didn’t
know Alice well. And, I tried asking her what she meant by that and...

[When I first met Shalltear... I felt like she was quite the mismatching child.
She had great combat techniques, so I thought that she had quite a considerable
battle experience... But it feels as if she “suddenly became very strong” and
didn’t know how to handle her power.]

[...]

[Well, so I accompanied her in practice and gave her advice, and so, we ended up
getting along... but how should I say this? There’s something that always feels
out of place.]

[Feels out of place?]

Kuro doesn’t seem to know much about Alice’s past either, but Kuro was able to
tell me her impression of Alice from her point of view, and after she drank some
coffee from her teacup, she continued.

[Unnn. Shalltear looks so bright and cheerful but... I wonder why? I can’t think
of a better way to describe it, but it feels as if she was “acting” the role of
“Shalltear”, and this feeling may be vague, but I feel like she’s not smiling
deep within her heart. Though I say that, I’ve only recently found out about
it.]

[...Eh?]

[I’ve certainly felt something out of place. However, that feeling was quite
vague... It was only after Kaito-kun showed up that it took a definite shape.]

[Since I showed up?]

[Unnn. I can’t really explain it that well... but she’s somehow different. Those
times when she’s with us, and when she’s with Kaito-kun...]

Kuro doesn’t know about Alice’s past either, so she’s just basing it on
conjectures... but Kuro is saying that Alice looks different when she’s talking
to Kuro and when she’s talking to me. I hadn’t seen Alice talking to other
people that many times, so I didn’t feel anything out of place but... if Kuro,
who has known her for a long time says so, she’s probably right.

[Shalltear, who has always had a thin film covering her true feelings and was
more calm than anyone else, when it comes to Kaito-kun, she would sometimes show
violent emotions.]

[...]

[This is just my guess, but I think Shalltear is terrified of losing Kaito-kun.
However, I don’t know why she’s so attached to Kaito-san. She looked so
different from the Shalltear I know...]

[...]

[That’s all I can tell you... I’m sorry I can’t be of much help.]

[No, thank you. That really helps me.]

In the end, I still didn’t know the details... but I was sure of one thing. The
uncomfortable feeling I felt from Alice, the fury she showed at that time with
Eden... The key to knowing the answer to that question, as I thought, would be
lying in the past Alice was hiding. However, it would be difficult to
investigate that... If Kuro herself doesn’t know about it, how could other
people know about it? I wonder if Shiro-san, who can read minds, would know
about it? No, although it might be a bit of a stretch, I really feel like Alice
has a way of not letting Shiro-san read her mind as well. Someone who Alice
would spontaneously talk about herself... What about Fate-san? I heard that
Alice and Fate-san are good friends, so Fate-san might know something about
Alice.

---

In the upper levels of the Divine Realm, one of the three temples of the Supreme
Gods... In the temple of the God of Time and Space. While Chronois was working
in her office, the God of Fate, Fate, appeared in front of her.

[God of Time and Space, do you have a moment?]

[God of Fate huh... What is it? With the Six Kings Festival approaching, we’re
even busier than usual. If it isn’t something urgent, you can just...]

[I’m going to the Human Realm for a bit.]

[...Huh? W-Wait, stop fooling around, didn’t I say we’re busy?! You’ve also got
a lot of work to do...]

[I’ve already done them. Here. This should be everything.]

[...What?]

Hearing Fate’s words, telling her that she’s going to the Human Realm, Chronois
thought that she’s going to slack off again and tried to angrily scold her...
But right after, Fate-san puts a large amount of documents on Chronois’ desk.
The sight of Fate working voluntarily... It would normally be possible under
normal circumstances, making Chronois stunned as she looked through some of the
documents.

[...I-Indeed... All of them are properly...]

[Then, there shouldn’t be a problem, right? I’m going to the Human Realm. I have
something important to do, so I don’t want any interruptions, okay? I even went
out of my way to do this freaking troublesome work...]

[...Y-Yeah... As long as the work assigned to you is done. There’s no problem
but... What in the world happened? What is something that is so important that
she even did her work...]

[...]

Giving a glance at Chronois, who was quietly muttering to herself while still
looking like she couldn’t believe it, Fate turned away and “walked” towards the
entrance. Then, she stopped once in front of the door, and as if she was saying
this only to herself, she softly muttered.

[It’s nothing. I’m just going to visit a “stupid friend”... and punch her for
worrying about something stupid...]

---

There’s the saying of strike while the iron is hot and there’s no time like the
present... The sooner one acted, the better, so I had quickly come to the Upper
levels of the God Realm. The purpose, of course, is to hear what Fate-san can
tell me about Alice... However, the world doesn’t always work our way, as when I
inquired around Fate-san’s temple, she was unfortunately not home.

I can’t imagine any place where Fate-san would go, and if she ran away again to
skip work, it would be difficult to find her. I’ve been trying to contact her by
hummingbird, but it seems that Fate-san has set up a special ward as a
countermeasure against Chronois-san, and no hummingbirds were able to be sent to
her, so no matter how many times I make one fly, they would always come back.
So, I went to visit the next person who might know where to find Fate-san... to
Chronois-san’s temple... but when I went there, I heard some really surprising
words.

[Ahh, If it’s the God of Fate you’re looking for, “she finished her work” and
went out to the Human Realm.]

[I see, is that so... Eh? She finished... her work?]

Somehow, I think I just heard Chronois-san say words that don’t suit Fate-san at
all. No, I may have just heard it wrong. She’s saying that Fate-san had finished
her work... I’m sorry, but I can’t believe that.

[It’s no wonder that you’re shocked. I was also quite skeptical about it but...
she certainly got all of it done.]

[...W-What the heck is going on?]

[I don’t know. She said she was going to do something in the Human Realm, but
her voice was so low that I couldn’t hear the details.]

Chronois-san told the surprised me that she was also surprised too, and that she
doesn’t know where Fate-san went. I’m stumped... I wonder where Fate-san really
went? A place she went after she finished her work? I can’t even imagine such a
place.

[...Did you need something from God of Fate?]

[Eh? Ah, yes... Actually...]

In response to Chronois-san’s question, I had some thoughts about it, so I
explained the reason why I was looking for Fate-san.

[...Fumu, I see.]

[Yes. So, Chronois-san, do you happen to know what’s going on with Alice?]

After listening to the story, Chronois-san crossed her arms and looked at me
with a troubled expression on her face. I asked Chronois-san is she had any
ideas about Alice’s condition.

[...Why are you asking me that?]

[Errr... Chronois-san, when you warned me about the Phantasmal King before...
You said that Alice was boisterous and irritating, right? Doesn’t that mean
you’ve talked with Alice enough to feel irritated with her?]

[...Fumu. You can certainly read it that way... However, I probably won’t be
able to give you the answer you’re hoping for. If you’re fine with it though, I
can tell you a few things.]

[Please.]

When I asked Chronois-san, thinking that she was fairly close to Alice, she
nodded once, looking impressed, and said that she would explain a bit about her
relationship with Alice.

[...Though I say that, there isn’t that much that I could tell you. However, the
Phantasmal King frequently visits my place.]

[...]

[She was on her way to meet the God of Fate, looking like she was about to talk
with her for some reason... It doesn’t seem like she came for any important
reason, she apparently just wants to have some idle chatter... Well, she ended
up talking about all sorts of things.]

Hmmm. What does that mean? The way Chronois-san spoke, it doesn’t seem like
she’s on good terms with Alice, but it seems like Alice is coming to see
Chronois-san. As far as I know, there doesn’t seem to be anything particular
between them... Then, why is Alice...

[I was also curious about the reason, so I asked her why. “Why are you
frequently coming to talk to me?” or so I said.]

[...And?]

[“The way she talks sounds like you” was the only thing she said, and she didn’t
speak anything regarding this matter again. Thus, I don’t know who exactly I
resemble. My bad, I don’t think I can be of much help.]

[No, thank you. It was very helpful. I’ll also be asking other people.]

There’s some things I was wondering about, but it certainly was as Chronois-san
said, I don’t think it’s going to help solve the current situation. Let’s go
look elsewhere. Well, there are still people like her family members, the Six
Kings, and Ein-san, so if I talk to them as well, I should be able to get some
information...

[...Hey, Miyama?]

[Yes, what is it?]

[...Isn’t this quite “unlike” you?]

[...Eh?]

Since I couldn’t find Fate-san, I was thinking of other ways, Chronois-san’s
quiet voice... tells me that it isn’t like me. Chronois-san’s red and blue eyes
were quietly reflecting my face, and as I felt a little pressured by the
atmosphere, Chronois-san quietly continued.

[Gathering information from the people around, removing obstacles in the way of
your objective... I think that’s not like how you usually do.]

[...]

[You’ve always been simple-minded, straightforward and earnest when you’re
facing something... Isn’t that your virtue? If you try to do anything you aren’t
accustomed to, you’ll only end up making a mistake.]

[...Chronois-san.]

This isn’t like me, what I’m doing now isn’t like how I usually do things huh?
The words Chronois-san said echoes in my mind in such a gentle, yet sharp way.

[I can understand if you’re frightened. You’re feeling comfortable with your
current relationship with her, so you don’t want to take any drastic action,
thinking that a mistake may lead to a change in your relationship, right?
However, I think it’s pointless to worry about this.]

[...]

[You’ve already decided to step into the depths of her heart... In that case, no
matter what you do, the end will always be the same. Whether you confront her
directly or ask others about some things, it will be the same... I don’t need to
tell you any more than this, right?]

[...Yes.]

Chronois-san’s words were spot on. If I want to know Alice, what should I do...?
Isn’t it obvious that I should just ask Alice herself? I’m not sure if Alice
will honestly respond. However, even if I gather information like this, I won’t
be able to make progress with anything until I finally confront Alice. Maybe it
isn’t a good thing for me to step in other people’s matters too much. I could
also wait until Alice talks to me about it... However, nothing changes in the
world if I just wait. If I don’t take action, there are also things I won’t be
able to find out without stepping in. As for the secrets Alice holds... I think
it would be better if I moved myself.

If that’s the case, then it is as Chronois-san said... It certainly may not be
like me. Even if I don’t want our relationship to crumble, it won’t start until
I strike first. Right from the start, the place I should have been heading to
wasn’t the God Realm, but to Alice’s side.

[...That’s a good look you have there. Meager it may be, I’ll be rooting for
your success too.]

[Yes! Thank you!]

With reassuring words of support from Chronois-san, I made up my mind. I’ve
decided, I will get the secrets Alice was holding from the person herself...

To be honest, I’m not very clever, nor do I know the smartest ways of doing
things. Then, it’s simple. I will do the rest just like before, but above all,
it will be like me—That’s why I’ll go face Alice.

---

The sun is beginning to set and the interior of the general store is dimly lit.
As Alice was lying face down on the counter with a gloomy expression on her
face, she heard the sound of the door that was supposed to be locked opening.

[Yaahhoooo\~\~ Shall-tan!]

[...Fate-san?]

Alice slightly looks up to look at the voice she heard, but when she realizes
that it’s Fate who has come to visit her, she places her face back on her arms
on the counter again. While looking at Alice, Fate slowly approached the
counter.

[...I’m sorry. I’m not really in the mood for tea today...]

[Ahh, unnn. That’s no problem\~\~ I’m not really here to have tea with you...]

[...Eh? Arehh? Fate-san, why did you just place that “ward”... Or rather, why
are your eyes golden...]

[Well, for the time being... Yoishoohhh!!!]

[Gafuuhh?!]

Reacting to Fate, who suddenly put a ward in the store with a loose tone of
voice, Alice slowly looked up... and saw Fate’s golden eyes. Those eyes that
only change colors when she gets serious. Just as she was about to ask about it,
with Fate’s shout, a fist was slammed into Alice’s face. After receiving the
blow from Fate, the Supreme God, Alice was sent bouncing off like a pinball and
slammed on the wall of the store. Originally, there would have been a hole in
the wall, but the area was already reinforced with a solid ward.

[...Wh... t... What are you doing all of a sudden?!]

[Hmmm. Well, you see, that’s the thing. That... I knew that something had
happened to some extent, but geez, you’re seriously worrying about the stupidest
things... Are you even a maiden?!]

[...I’m a maiden!!! I’m a lovely maiden who even makes all flowers blush...]

[Heh.]

[Not only did you hit me just after we met, you’re even scornfully laughing at
me?!]

As if Alice’s protests doesn’t concern her at all, as Fate, while cracking her
fists a few times, she slowly pulled back her legs and took a stance.

[Well, moving your body around should cool your head a bit... That’s why,
quickly get ready. Shall-tan.]

[P-Please wait for a moment! Why in the world should I...]

[Shaddaaaaappp!!! I will accept no questions or complaints! If you have
something to say, speak with your fists!!!]

[Which tyrant are you?! Wait, kuh... Why in the world is this...]

[Heave-ho\~\~!]

[Gfuooohhh?! Y-You’re even using kicks?!]

---

As the light of the setting sun drifted in through the window, Fate and Alice
were confronting each other.

[...Haahhh... Haahhh...]

[...Haahhh... Kuhhh...]

[Uwooohhhh!]

[Haahhhhhh!]

As the both of them breathed heavily, they exchanged glances before the both of
them ran as if a signal rang out. The shadows stretching across the room
overlapped and their outstretched fists crossed with each other... striking
right into each other’s faces.

[Kuh... Good job... Shall-tan.]

[Fate... -san... too.]

As both of them collapsed to the ground at exactly the same time, a brief moment
of silence fell over the area. The two clashed with each other with their fists,
having radiant expressions on their faces...

[...Hmmm. This doesn’t feel right.]

[...Eh?]

Quickly raising her body, Fate looked at the window where the light of the
setting sun with a troubled expression on her face.

[The sun is setting over here, so... as expected, the angle should be...
Shall-tan, wouldn’t it be better if you come from that side? Alright, Shall-tan,
let’s retake this scene again!]

[Eeehhhh?! Wait, Fate-san! This is already the 8th time Fate-san said that “we
should end this scene in a double knockout”, you know?! Seriously, isn’t it
about time we stop?]

[...I want to be a woman who won’t compromise with things and will always seek
for the supreme.]

[Please get rid of that obsession immediately.]

Hearing Fate’s words, which she said with a smug look on her face while staring
at the window, Alice sits down at the counter after letting out a big sigh.
Seeing Alice like that, Fate slightly smiles.

[How is it? Have you felt better now?]

[...I wonder? I’m not really sure. Fate-san... I...]

[Are you feeling guilty about putting Kai-chan in the role of your dead best
friend, treating him like he’s a replacement?]

[ ? ! ]

Hearing the words Fate lazily announced, as if she were making small talk,
Alice’s expression became stiffer. That was the best proof that Fate’s words hit
the bull’s eye.

[Or perhaps, are you afraid that people will know that you came to this world to
“look for a place to die”?]

[...]

[Hey, Shall-tan? For Shall-tan, is Kai-chan... still a replacement for that best
friend of yours?]

[H-He’s not! Kaito-san is... Kaito-san is...]

[Then, isn’t that good enough?]

[...Eh?]

Fate was the only one in this world who knew about Alice’s past that even
Kuromueina didn’t know, and that’s why she understood the pain she was feeling.
On top of that, Fate said it. How stupid her worries are...

[If Shall-tan loves and cares for Kai-chan... Then, why don’t you just tell him
everything? Kai-chan will surely take it all in and still smile by your side.]

[...]

[Shall-tan, you’re putting a little too much on your shoulders\~\~ If you
wrinkle your brows that much, you’re just driving yourself to the corner... You
have to be like me\~\~ Relax in moderation too\~\~]

[...I think Fate-san is having too much relaxation though...]

[Ahaha, that might be so\~\~]

Hearing Fate’s words, which are loose even at a time like this, Alice slightly
smiled. Seeing Alice like that, Fate nodded once, turned on her heel and started
walking towards the door, as if to say that the conversation was over.

[...Don’t act too spoiled, okay? To Kai-chan, I mean... That’s all I can say to
you.]

[...Fate-san... Ummm... Thank you.]

[Fufufu, well, Shall-tan and I are soul friends after all... “That’s why you can
use my power with your _Hekatonkheires_”... right?]

[...Yes.]

[See you next\~\~ time\~\~ then\~\~]

Leaving words that seemed to tell her that she had seen through everything in
the end, Fate lightly waved her hand and left.

---

After returning from the God Realm, I dropped by Lilia-san’s mansion once before
going to Alice’s general store, but it was already a bit late. The night has
completely fallen.

[...Well, with her clone acting as my guard, she should know that I’m coming...]

When I put my hand on the door, I felt that it wasn’t locked and it seemed like
she knew I was coming. As proof of this, I walked right in and was able to
quickly find Alice sitting at the counter but...

[Why do you look so battered?]

[...I was letting the power of youth explode.]

[Unnn?]

When I asked Alice, who looked so ragged as if she had been in a fist fight for
some reason, she responded with words that were incomprehensible as usual. Well,
it doesn’t seem like the atmosphere around her was as tense as before, so I
guess that’s okay...

[Alice, I’m sorry to bother you on such short notice, but can I go inside?]

[Yes, Kaito-san, you’re always welcome. Come in\~\~]

Hearing my words, Alice replied to me with a bright smile on her face but... As
expected, it was still somewhere in there huh. It looks like she’s forcing a
smile. I’d like to pursue it, but now isn’t the time for that, so I firmly held
back and moved behind the counter... where her workshops and living spaces can
be found. The workshop and living space that looked unimaginably large compared
to the exterior of the store... is according to Alice, an application of
Space-Time Magic. Well, since magic boxes exist, maybe it isn’t that surprising
that they could use the magic they used on that thing to expand a room.

I moved to the living room, which is located one room away from the workshop,
and sat down after Alice’s suggestion. She then made me a cup of tea even though
I hadn’t asked her for one. After thanking her for the tea, I took a sip of the
delicious tea and slowly spoke.

[Hey, Alice...]

[Yes? What is it?]

[...I want to know about you.]

[...A-Ahaha... Have you been taken away by Alice-chan’s cuteness that you’re
giving me a pick-up line? That’s a classic one you said, but that certainly
leaves quite the impression\~\~ Ahaha...]

[...]

[...Ugghhh...]

When I stopped being so roundabout and just directly told her what I felt, as I
thought, Alice tried to fool around and divert away from the topic... I can see
the tension in her eyes. It looked really unusual, but she seemed to be really
shaken.

[...K-Kaito-san... but that is...]

[Unnn. I know it’s hard to say. Therefore, I’m not going to force you to ask...
And that isn’t the only thing I wanted to know.]

[...Eh?]

[As for Alice’s past, I don’t know much about you in the first place. It’s one
thing to hear about Alice from Alice herself, but I think it’s also important to
try to know about Alice for myself...]

Yes, it’s not just about her past. I don’t know Alice well... because I didn’t
try to get to know her properly until now. Thanks to Chronois-san’s advice, I
realized that it isn’t like me to go around asking people. And so, I decided to
not just wait for Alice to tell me about it, I will also make an effort to try
to learn about Alice myself.

[...By the way, Alice. This living space is quite wide, isn’t it?]

[Eh? Yes, well, Alice-chan is the type of person who cares about where she lives
after all... Ummm... Kaito-san?]

[I see... Then, I’ll be “staying” here for a while.]

[Eeeeehhhhh?!]

Declaring so, I take a change of clothes and a toothbrush out of my magic box.

[P-Please wait a minute! Kaito-san, y-you’ll make Duchess Lilia worry...]

[Ahh, I already talked to Lilia-san about this, and asked her permission.]

[...Ugghhh... B-But, you see. Staying in the same room with a youthful maiden
like me is... A-Also, I only have one futon...]

[It’s fine, I brought my futon with me. I’m fine sleeping on the floor of the
living room.]

[Auuuu...]

I’ve already made preparations for that area. When I explained the situation to
Lilia-san, she said “That’s really typical of you, Kaito-san” and gave me
permission, and it seems like Lilia-san knows very well that I don’t think about
the future. Hearing my response, Alice was clearly troubled and was panicking,
which looked kind of cute.

[...Well, of course, if Alice refuses, it can’t be helped. At that time, I’ll
just go to a nearby inn and “come everyday early in the morning”...]

[S-Seriously... Uuuuuu... I understand. I’ll get you a proper room.]

[Really? Thanks.]

[...Ugghhh.]

For the time being, it seems like the first step is a success huh? Alice seems
to be the type of person who would slyly mislead me if I keep on getting
reserved after all...

[...Somehow, it feels like Kaito-san is becoming more of a carnivore... No,
well, I guess that’s also...]

After forcing the puzzled Alice to allow me to stay over, I put my bags in the
room Alice had prepared for me, and then returned to the living room.

[...By the way, Kaito-san. How long do you plan to stay?]

[Hmmm. Until I got to know Alice better, I guess?]

[Are you talking about where my pleasu—Fugyaaahhh?!]

[...Did you say something just now?]

[I said nothing.]

Then, I ate the food I had bought for dinner with Alice, and since there is a
lot of stuff that happened today, I went to bed right away. Alice was acting the
same as usual, but I still feel like there was something strange about her... It
looked like she was deliberately trying to act upbeat and divert away the topic.

No, maybe that’s just something I didn’t realize until now, and she’s always
been that way...

The 21st day of the Light month.

I decided to start this morning by observing Alice’s workshop to see how she
makes things. Well, actually, Alice is usually acting as my guard, so it’s her
clone that makes her merchandise for her general store... but this time, I asked
her main body to build one for me, and Alice agreed.

[...Ummm, Kaito-san?]

[Unnn?]

[I-If you stare so intently at me like that... It’s kinda making it difficult to
make them...]

Holding the forging hammer in her hand, Alice glances at me, as if she’s
uncomfortable being stared at. Is she making a sword now? I’ve never seen
blacksmithing work before, but it looks kind of cool. Thanks to Shiro-san’s
blessing, I don’t feel the heat of the fire, so I can genuinely enjoy watching
her work.

[...Somehow, even though this is the first time I’ve ever seen Alice seriously
working on something... You somehow look really cool.]

[Ahhh...]

[Ahhh...]

As I complimented her with a smile, a loud clang rang out, as Alice broke the
sword she’s making in half.

[K-Kaito-san, what in the world are you suddenly saying?! Alice-chan has always
been cool and cute, you know?!]

[Well, I guess you’re right.]

[Ugghhh... N-No, no, Kaito-san? That’s the part where you would tsukkomi, you
know?! This is the part where you would hit me in the head, saying “What kind of
stupid things are you talking about?!”, you know?! Why in the world are you
normally complimenting me?!]

Even though I complimented her, for some reason, she started complaining... I
can’t understand her. Well, but aside from that, Alice actually had lots of no
good areas... If her no good areas were to be gathered, I bet you could make a
mountain out of it already. While she’s a troublesome girl who would quickly
fool around, what is certain is that she’s a strong, knowledgeable and
dependable woman. Moreover, while the impact of her mask tends to blur it out,
Alice’s unmasked face is as cute as a doll, so I don’t think it’s necessarily
wrong to say that she’s cool and cute.

[...Hmmm. Well, there’s that part of you that really likes to fool around every
so often but... Alice is reliable, and I certainly think you’re cute.]

[Huh?! Wha?! ...Uuuuu... I-I’m feeling a little out of sorts...]

Hearing my words, Alice blushed so red that I could tell even with her mask on,
and tried to continue forging to regain her composure. Seeing her reaction,
which hadn’t been very common before, I felt like I got to know a new Alice,
even if it was only a little side of her, and that thought is making a smile
naturally appear on my lips. Then, I continued to watch Alice work for a while.

Nothing in particular happened until the sun went down. I spent the day
relaxing, chatting, and watching Alice. Then, we ate dinner and took a bath
afterwards. It had been a day since I had barged into Alice’s home, and while
nothing big particularly happened, I think I had achieved some small ones. The
times when she feels embarrassed when complimented, and when she would
flusteredly divert the topic... Seeing the girlish side of Alice feels
refreshing, and it somehow makes me feel happy. But unfortunately, I still
haven’t even gotten a clue regarding my original purpose. Alice doesn’t seem to
want to talk about it either... No, she would sometimes look at me for no
reason, so Alice may not be sure of whether she should talk about it or not. I’m
not in a position to step into Alice’s life any more than I am now, so I should
wait for her to open up herself.

Thinking about this, I got out of the bath and moved to the living room, where
Alice should be.

[Alice, I’m done...?]

[...]

[Is she asleep?]

When I returned to the living room, I found another scene that I saw for the
first time... Alice was asleep with her hands on the desk and her mask off.
Hmmm. After what happened with Eden-san, no matter how strong Alice is... She
really would get tired. Even when she was exhausted from the fight with
Eden-san, she had become flustered after my sudden intrusion... I guess she let
down her guard and fell asleep... Should I have intruded later in the morning?
It would be bad to wake her up, so let’s just let her sleep for a bit... If I
remember correctly, I had washed the blanket Kuro and I used at the Sacred Tree
Festival and put it in the Magic Box...

Smiling as I looked at the adorable Alice’s sleeping face, I took out a blanket
out of the magic box and was about to drape it over Alice’s shoulders... when I
noticed it. Glittering from the sleeping Alice’s eyes... were her tears flowing
down... Yes, Alice was crying in her sleep.

[...]

...What kind of weight does Alice carry with her tiny body? It feels
inexplicably frustrating not knowing that. Gently, I reached out to Alice’s face
and tried to wipe away her tears with my finger, when Alice’s blue eyes opened.

[...Eh? Arehh?!]

[...]

Opening her eyes and seeing me, Alice became surprised, and hurriedly, she
rubbed her hands over her eyes and put on her mask.

[You’ve got out of the bath huh\~\~ Well\~\~ As expected of Kaito-san. You look
really great even when you’re dripping with water! Ahaha...]

[...Alice.]

[...Kaito-san... Ummm, do you really... want to know about it?]

[...]

Alice immediately tried to divert the topic, but when she noticed me staring at
her with serious eyes, she lowered her head and softly muttered.

[I-Isn’t it fine... Even if you don’t know about it... We could just stay like
this... Where I would do something stupid and Kaito-san would scold me for it...
Those times were fun and made me feel happy... That’s why, isn’t it fine...]

[...]

[I’m afraid that Kaito-san... will find out about the old me.]

It was the first time she had shown a clear weakness. Asking to just keep doing
like we’re doing back then, just so that she doesn’t waver any further... with
such a sad, frail voice... I can understand what Alice is feeling. I’m sure
Alice thinks that me finding out about her past is going to destroy our current
relationship. I also felt that way too... As Chronois-san pointed out to me, I
was trying to get around confronting her directly because I felt the same way as
Alice does now.

That’s why I wanted to know what she was lamenting about... but unfortunately
for her, I’ve already put my hand on that door. I’m ready to step into the
depths of Alice’s life. And most of all... I began to wish for it... a
relationship more than I currently have with her...

[...Alice. I want to be able... to “protect” Alice.]

[...Protect? Kaito-san, protecting me?]

[Yeah. Of course, I know that my power isn’t even close to Alice’s. I know
that... Alice is much stronger than me, and that you’ve gained lots of
experience, and most of all, I know that you’re better than me at everything.]

[...]

[However, I can’t forgive myself for not being able to reach out to the
suffering Alice. I hate myself for just being protected... Even I... want to
“protect Alice’s heart” too..]

[...Why...?]

Hearing me quietly tell her that, Alice asks me back with a voice that sounds
like she’s about to cry. She didn’t say the details of what she exactly wanted
to ask. Therefore, I decided to speak my honest thoughts.

[...Alice is already irreplaceable to me. You said it’s okay to keep things the
way they are now but... I want our relationship to go further than that. I want
to be in a relationship where we can support each other... where I am not only
protected by Alice, but where I’m also protecting you.]

[...]

[So... Alice... I want to know about you.]

[...]

I said what I needed to say. If Alice still refuses to do it, any more than this
will just make her suffer.

...That’s why, I won’t say anything more. I only quietly waited for Alice’s
response. With her head facing down, Alice stayed silent, and a peaceful silence
enveloped the both of us. I wonder how much time has passed? One minute? Ten
minutes? Or perhaps, even more than that? After a long time of silence, as if
time had stopped, Alice slowly opened her mouth.

[...It won’t be... an interesting story, you know?]

[...Unnn.]

[You might also... regret it though, you know? You might even wish that you
didn’t ask...]

[I would never do that.]

[...I understand.]

After confirming that my resolve was firm, Alice let out a sigh... before she
nodded her head. Alice’s past, I had imagined it to be a heavy, hard door for
me. It was a door that she continued to carry in her small body, for hidden
behind it was her past that she still continued to hide. As I think that this is
finally the starting point—The door to Alice’s heart was quietly opened.

It seems like it would be a long story, so Alice prepared a cup of tea, which I
accepted and then, faced her at the living room’s table.

[...I wonder where I should start... I guess it should be who I am, right?]

[...]

[I’m like Kaito-san, a being that came to this world from “another world”...
Well, it’s a different world from the one Kaito-san was in.]

[...Unnn.]

The fact that Alice is a being from another world clears up the phrases she has
used so far. Since I had come here from my world, there is no reason why others
also couldn’t come, so I wasn’t surprised about this. However, I was surprised
by the words that followed.

[And also... I’m “human”... No, I guess it would be better to say that I was
human.]

[ ? ! ]

What does that mean? At the very least, Alice’s physical and magical abilities
far surpass her limits as a human. Does that mean she was reincarnated from a
Human to a Demon like Neun-san? No, it’s too early to assume that. Let’s just
listen to Alice’s story first.

[...I lived in a world that was a little less civilized than this one now, where
Humans like elves and dwarves don’t exist, only humans.]

[...That’s similar to the world I was in.]

[Yes, that’s right. The only difference is that... compared to this world, there
were a lot more monsters in my world, and there were a lot of adventurers and
guilds.]

Slowly, as if remembering the past, Alice talks about the world she used to live
in. I only had a hunch about it, but the world Alice was in... it had an image
of what I had imagined a fantasy other world would be before I was summoned to
this world.

[I was an adventurer in that world with my “partner”... Well, if I do say so
myself, at that time, I was weak and had no talent... At best, I would be
someone among the mid-to-low-end tier.]

[...Eh? Alice was?]

[Yes, it was a magical world, so I was able to use magic, but I had no real
talent in that area either.]

[...]

I honestly can’t imagine it. To me, I thought of Alice as a bundle of talent,
someone who could do anything, and a being with power that is near the top of
this world. However, Alice talks about herself as having no talent and being
weak.

[It’s just, well, our world has the power of magic that overturns talent... It’s
through the power of the “Heart Tool”.]

[Heart Tool?]

[They’re magic created by humans, who lack the strong bodies and sharp fangs of
the monsters, to fight against these beings... It’s “magic that generates your
heart as a weapon”. The stronger the belief that the user had in their heart,
the stronger their Heart Tool is. Just as the human’s mind holds no limits, it’s
also a weapon that grows along with the mind.]

[...T-That kinda sounds amazing...]

[Ahaha, it looks great on the surface, but in my world, 90% of the adventurers
could use this magic... The Heart Tool is the heart of the user herself, and
each person’s Heart Tool has a different shape and ability... Incidentally, my
Heart Tool is the _Hekatonkheires_ that Kaito-san saw yesterday.]

Alice’s Heart Tool, _Hekatonkheires_... Was it those meteor-like lights swirling
around Alice? That’s kind of cool, it’s like having your own special ability in
a certain battle manga. I wonder what kind of ability Alice’s Heart Tool has
though? When such a question popped out of my mind, Alice explained with a
smile, as if she understood it.

[My Heart Tool, _Hekatonkheires_... It has the ability to temporarily use the
ability of the people I have weaved a bond with... those I care about, and also
cares about me.]

[A-Amazing...]

[In exchange, _Hekatokheires_ by itself have no fighting power. It can’t do
anything by itself, but the more bonds I weave, the stronger it becomes... I had
such an ability back then.]

That really sounds like an ability that a protagonist would have... Hmmm, as a
boy, hearing such an ability really gets me excited.

[Now then, going back to the story... Back when I was an adventurer, I’ve always
been searching for a person.]

[A person?]

[Yes... It’s my “little sister who lived apart from me at an early age”.]

[ ? ! ]

[Ahh, incidentally, it’s nothing that serious. My parents just got divorced and
my father took custody of me while mother took care of my little sister.]

[...]

I thought this might be the core of the story, but it wasn’t at all huh...
H-Hmmm. I wonder what this feeling of disappointment upon hearing something
unrelated...

[Well, even if it was me, her big sister that’s saying this, my little sister
was an angel! She’s so cute, so talented, and yet, she isn’t haughty at all! My
little sister is the most beautiful woman in the world! She’s a real angel! If I
was a man, I would definitely have asked her hand in marriage!!! I mean, my
little sister even told me when she was little that “she would be Big Sister’s
wife”! By the way, she also told me that when we met again! Geez, her gesture
looks so cute at that moment...]

[...A-Alice?]

[...Ah, excuse me. I couldn’t hold myself back...]

...She was a siscon. Moreover, she has quite the serious one at that... Her love
isn’t on the level of just love for family. You know, I did say that I wanted to
know Alice, but I didn’t want to know something like this... Also, I’ll just ask
this one... but did Little Sister-san really say that she would be Alice’s wife
when they met again? I had a different kind of bad premonition when I heard that
one.

[Erhem... Well, I was looking for my little sister while being an adventurer,
and then, I heard that she became an Imperial Guard in a pretty large country,
so I traveled to that country with my partner... Ahh, even if I say partner, she
was a woman, okay? I’m devoted to Kaito-san, okay?!]

[...U-Unnn.]

Why do you have to act like a boke every now and then? No, she may be
deliberately trying to be funny in some places to avoid having a dark atmosphere
in her story.

[Well, along the way, I was chased around by an apprentice knight who’s acting
like a rabid dog, spared a mass-murdering priest, and fought a wonderful monster
called a Seven-Star Demon Beast... Well, let’s put those trivial stuff aside.]

Oi, why do I feel like each one of those would sound like very intense
episodes?! Damn it, I’m very curious about them... Especially that one with the
mass-murdering priest... Let’s ask her again next time.

[As a matter of fact, at that time, in my little sister’s country, a villain was
sneaking around behind the scenes, trying to destroy her country by performing a
ritual called “The Advent of the Evil God”... and my little sister and her
friends were apparently fighting that villain’s underlings.]

[O-Oohhh...]

[I don’t know the details, but I heard that the blood of the royal family was
needed for that advent of the Evil God, so my little sister fought a fierce
battle against the invading villains. However, the villains were strong, and my
little sister’s side was gradually being driven to the corner.]

[...I-I’m starting to get anxious. So, what happened after that?]

It was as if a battle was being fought on two stages, making me feel very
curious about the rest of the story, so I urged Alice to continue. Alice, as if
she was teasing me, paused at the right moment before continuing her story.

[...After defeating the top brass of the villains, the mastermind finally
appeared in front of my exhausted little sister and her friends... As my sister
and her friends were riddled in wounds, the queen presented herself as a
sacrifice to protect them! The moment tears fell from my little sister’s eyes...
I made my entrance!!!]

[W-What perfect timing that is...]

[Well\~\~ Objectively speaking, I was super cool at that time. I dashed into the
scene with the moon in the background and there’s really damn cool background
music playing around... Well, the fight actually happened indoors, so I couldn’t
see the moon or anything like that, and the BGM was also just playing in my
head.]

[Oi...]

She completely ruined it. I’ll say this again because it’s important, but she
completely ruined it. Why the heck is she making strange bokes in the most
exciting parts of the story...

[Well, after that... As a result, justice prevailed and I won.]

[U-Unnn. There’s a lot of stuff that happened there...]

[If my little sister had run up to me and passionately kissed me right there, it
would have been a happy ending but... The world doesn’t always work our way
huh.]

[...What happened now?]

[In fact, in the confusion of the battle, the mastermind obtained the blood of
the queen... and used his life as a catalyst to summon the Evil God.]

[ ? ! ]

T-This is where the Evil God makes its entrance huh. Although her story sounds
awesome when you just read it from this novel, in fact, Alice’s tone of voice is
getting tense, so it must have been a pretty bad situation. I-I’m getting
anxious again... Quickly continue already...

[Thinking about that Evil God now, it wasn’t that powerful. Compared to the Gods
in this world, it only had the power of around the bottom of the high-ranking
Gods. However, it still held power that was a tremendous threat to us humans.]

[...]

[That Evil God resurrected and right at that moment...]

[Right at that moment?]

[...Ahh, we’ve run out of teacakes. I’ll go get some more!]

[Eh? Hey, Alice?! What happens next?!]

Forced to stop the conversation at a very good point, Alice went to the kitchen
to get teacakes. Or rather, if you get serious, can’t you just go back and forth
to the kitchen in an instant?! Why the heck are you walking like a normal
person?!

New set of teacakes were lined up on the table... Or rather, food does exist in
Alice’s house huh... No, well, they obviously do. I didn’t realize it since she
had the image of someone who’s always hungry... hey, wait a minute? I’m sure
Alice doesn’t need to eat or sleep... So, I guess that hungry-looking self she
had before was just an act to fool me huh. Well, even though eating is just
supposed to be their preference, this woman still acts like she hasn’t been fed
for days...

[...Ah, where were we again?]

[At the moment when the Evil God appeared.]

[Ahh, that’s right. That Evil God, the mastermind called it the “Great Evil God
of Despair”, but that Evil God didn’t have any kind of will. It just follows the
reason for its existence, destroying the world.]

[...Eh? Sorry, wait... What Great Evil God did you say again?]

[Great Evil God of Despair?]

[...]

Great Evil God of Despair... Arehh? I feel like I heard that somewhere...

———I’d like you to tell something to the Hero of Hope...

Ahhh?! I remember now. The other Isis I saw in that dream said that she used to
be called the Great Evil God of Despair! Does that mean that the Hero of Hope
that that Isis-san was talking about... is Alice?

[Kaito-san? Is something the matter?]

[Ahh, no, errr... For the time being, continue with your story. I’ll tell it to
you when you’re done.]

[Unnn? I don’t really understand, but alright.]

For now, I decided to leave that Great Evil God of Despair-related talk for
later and first listen to Alice’s story to the end. Alice tilted her head once
in response to my reaction, but then resumed her story.

[As soon as that Evil God arrived, “Darkness enveloped the hearts of humans
around the world, and it led them to despair”. Well, just because it’s a last
boss, it used the last boss’s mental attacks? What a disgrace of a last boss, it
is. How about you just physically smack people around?]

[You just smoothly dissed it huh. Well, enveloping the hearts of humans around
the world with darkness... Isn’t that amazing...]

[I guess so. Well, it would be OK if you imagine it as Isis-san’s magic power of
death spreading around the world. Well, in terms of ability, Isis-san is many
times stronger than it...]

I mean, that Isis-san is the reincarnation of the Great Evil God of Despair...
However, thinking about it again, fate sure is strange sometimes. The two of
them who fought in a different world back then are now family.

[In reality though, it was quite a dangerous opponent... Not only does it paint
the humans’ hearts in darkness, it also dyes our vision in black... If it
remains like that, the minds of the people all over the world would have died.]

[I see... So, how did Alice defeat it?]

It’s hard to give out a proper response. Hearing the story from that Isis-san, I
know what the Great Evil God of Despair was thinking at that time. She was a sad
God who reached out to others because she was lonely and didn’t want to be
alone, but as a result, she ended up wrapping the world in despair.

[Just because it was given despair, it would instantly fall to despair, the
human hearts aren’t that simple, you know? Rather, it’s precisely because
despair exists that they try to resist it... At that moment, the hearts of all
humans in the world were connected as one because of the Evil God. That’s why...
it became an opportunity.]

[...]

The joking look on her face changed to a serious look and Alice continued
speaking. It seemed to imply that the content is important from here on out.

[The small wishes in the hearts of people all over the world, the definite hope
for the future... With the power of _Hekatonkheires_, I weaved all of those
thoughts into my own body. To defeat the Great Evil God of Despair, to protect
the people I care about... I weaved the whole world together.]

[...]

[In conclusion... I won. I defeated the Evil God and defended the world... That
was the day I was called “Hero of Hope”.]

[...Alice.]

I wonder why? Objectively speaking, that was supposed to be... a happy ending.
It was a victory for Alice, who gathered the hopes of the world against the Evil
God, who wanted to enveloped the world in despair. It sounds a bit unrewarding
to me, knowing the secret of the Great Evil God, but for those who lived in that
world at that time, it’s definitely a heroic tale. It should be a wonderful
event, an ending deserving of a legend... but why does Alice have an uncheerful
look on her face?

[...That was a joyous event, as the world became at peace... it would have been
great if it had ended there.]

As if to answer my question, Alice gives a self-deprecating smile.

[...I noticed the anomaly right away. No matter how many days I didn’t eat or
sleep... I found myself not getting tired at all.]

[ ? ! ]

[Weaving the hope around the world... my body originally couldn’t withstand such
immense energy... So, that must be why... my body evolved... No, it transformed.
“To a monster that surpasses the Evil God”...]

[...]

Alice, who is supposed to be the Hero who defeated the Evil God, before she knew
it, became a monster that surpassed the Evil God... I see. That’s why she said
she was “Ex-Human”... Alice must have exceeded her limits as a human in that
moment. In a world where humans are the only race existing, she has become a
being that is completely out of the norm.

[...Well, that doesn’t mean I was persecuted or anything like that. I mean, they
actually couldn’t. At that time, I’ve already become someone that the whole
world couldn’t defeat, even if they were united.]

[Is... that so...]

[Yes. However, my partner... my best friend laughed at my distress, telling me
“Idiot. Just because you acquired power exceeding human intellect, you think
you’re a God? How stupid.”... and treated me no differently than she ever did
before. My little sister and my friends were also the same. They naturally
laughed at me, as if they were telling me that no matter what kind of being I’ve
become, I will still be me.]

Whether it’s Alice’s best friend or her little sister... For them, it doesn’t
really matter if Alice became someone beyond human intellect. No matter what
happens, Alice is still Alice... I’m sure that hearing those words would make
Alice happy, and I could see it from her expression now.

[...However, my despair... started at that moment.]

[...Eh?]

As if to interrupt such an atmosphere, speaking in a heavy and pained voice,
Alice lowered her head for a moment... before looking up again with a smile on
her face, as if she was about to cry.

[...From the moment my body was transformed... I had become “immortal”.]

[Wha... Ahh...]

[That’s right. Now, just as Kaito-san imagined... while the people I love and
cherish with all my heart and soul are getting old... My body remained this way
for a long, long time.]

[...]

Now, I finally understand. I understood the despair Alice has been
experiencing... The story told so far is the story of a girl who was called a
Hero, and “defended those important to her”... And now, it was the story of the
girl “who lost them”...

[My mother died, my father died... The cruel passage of time took away my loved
ones one after another. Over and over again, I experienced the death of my loved
ones. When my little sister, the most important person in the world, died of old
age while still worrying about me... I cried so much that tears won’t come out
anymore.]

[...]

How much... grief did she feel? For the people she protected, even fighting an
outrageous being like an Evil God... How much grief did Alice’s heart have
experienced, having to see their deaths...

[... I... thought of myself as “invincible”. As long as I have people to protect
on my back, my heart will never be broken. That I can be as strong as I want,
and I can beat even the mightiest of opponents... And it certainly was true.]

[...]

[My heart would never fall as long as my loved ones were around... But losing
those people... My heart, it broke into very small pieces... broke so much that
it was laughable.]

I can’t say anything. The pain of being left along, I know a little bit about
it. When I lost my parents and was left alone, I felt a terrible emptiness in my
heart... and I’m sure Alice felt that too...

[My Heart Tool, _Hekatonkheires_, is the Heart Tool of bonds... It allows me to
feel my bond with others. And I can vividly feel the end of the life of the
people with whom I had bonded with...]

At the same time, a question I had in mind was answered. Why did Alice manifest
such a tremendous fury for Eden-san... Perhaps, she is afraid of losing people
important to her more than anything else. Because she definitely experienced so
much of it...

[...When a loved one dies, a cold, dark hole is left in your heart where the
person should have been before... The hole may be small, but it will never go
away... That hole will remain in your heart, forever and ever.]

[...Alice.]

[I couldn’t bear the thought of being left alone. I didn’t have the confidence
to carry their deaths with me... So, when all my loved ones are gone... I
thought that I couldn’t live anymore.]

Her heartbroken voice, her tear-filled eyes... They were telling us that Alice’s
words weren’t an exaggeration. However, if that’s the case, then why is Alice
still living in front of me now? Did something happen that changed her mind?

[...The last one left was my best friend. She’s amazing. She apparently “doesn’t
want to leave me alone”, and that thought alone kept her alive for much longer
than the others... However, her limits still arrived.]

[...]

[A future where I am left alone to mourn for others, and where I would take my
own life... My best friend must have sensed this. Therefore, on the verge of my
best friend’s death... She placed a “curse” on me.]

[...A curse?]

[Yes. A gentle, yet painful curse... And it still binds my heart today. A curse
I couldn’t go against, namely “my best friend’s last wish”... I still vividly
remember the conversation I had with my best friend at that time.]

Slowly as if she was reflecting each of those words, painfully as if lamenting
her heartbreaking fate, Alice began to quietly say the words of her last
remaining memories with her best friend.

---

On a bed in a dimly lit room, there lies an old woman. With a skinny body,
trying to keep her weak eyes open... The old woman calls out to the girl beside
her, who continues to stare at her.

[...Good grief... I tried... to persevere but... as expected... I’m almost
reaching my limits... 150 years huh... Who would have thought... I’d be able to
live this long just because of my clinginess.]

[...]

The old woman slowly speaks her words, as her body hardly moves anymore, and her
face only slightly tilted towards the girl. She was the woman who cling to life
the most in the world. She took various life-prolonging measures and continued
to chase her dream of becoming an immortal until the day she lay on her bed.
However, it was never for her own sake... She continued to fight against the
barrier of human lifespan, trying not to leave behind one important... a really
important person in her life.

But unfortunately, the old woman couldn’t get over that wall... and so, her life
would soon run out.

[However... Well... Being on the verge of death like this... makes me
understand. I am... a lucky fellow... If I were to wish for more happiness than
this... I will be struck by divine punishment.]

[...]

[...It’s just that... there’s one thing... I regret... That I was unable to be
with you... Until the end...]

[...]

[...I’m sorry... I will... be leaving you... I’ll be going first.]

She realizes that she is dying and apologized to her best friend, with whom she
has spent most of her life with, for dying first. Thereupon... many tears fall
into the old woman’s hands.

[...No...]

[...Unnn?]

[...I don’t want this... Iris... Don’t die... Don’t leave me alone...]

The girl who became immortal burst into tears and told the old woman not to die.
The old woman was the last one already... The last among the beings the girl
loves with all her heart... and other than this old woman, the others have
already died.

[...You’re still... as selfish as usual... but, sorry...]

[...Iris...]

[...Hey, ●●●●●●? Do you mind... if I ask you... one favor?]

[...Eh? U-Unnn.]

Reaching out a withered hand to the girl’s eyes, wiping away the girl’s tears
with her trembling hand, the old woman slowly... spoke with a smile.

[...Do you remember... that bet we made a long time ago? You know... that bet we
made... in the trading city...]

[Eh? Unnn... That bet of about “who can have a lover first”, right?]

[Yeah... In the end... The both of us never had one...]

[...It’s not that Iris couldn’t, it’s that you didn’t, right? For my sake...]

It was just a small game they played a long time ago. Two girls who had never
been in love and made such a small bet to see who could fall in love and have a
lover first. But in the end, the bet never came to an end. The reason why the
girl who became an immortal monster couldn’t was obvious, but even though the
old woman had such an opportunity, they were all rejected without hesitation...
She chose to remain with the girl.

[...No... In the end... I wasn’t able... to find someone... better than you.]

[It’s the same for me. I couldn’t find anyone I would feel more comfortable
with, Iris.]

[...I see... Hey, ●●●●●●?]

[What is it?]

Her muffled voice calls out the girl’s name, the old woman utters her small
wish.

[... I want you... “to experience love”...]

[Eh?]

[...Fall in love... Find your significant other... and then... be happy...]

[...Why... are you...]

The girl, perhaps sensing what the old woman is trying to say, opens her eyes
wide and has a shocked expression on her face. That’s because the wish uttered
by the old woman... is a restraint for the girl after she loses the old woman...

[...I’m sorry... I know that... you’ll suffer... because of this. You’re free to
resent... this dying woman’s selfish wish... However... even so... I... “want
you to live”.]

[ ? ! ]

[...That’s why... please... if you still... think of me as your best friend...
This final wish of mine... please grant it. And then... someday... you’ll be
able to smile again... just like back then...]

[Iris? Iris?!]

Even as she was speaking, the old woman’s voice was getting weaker and weaker...
and the girl could painfully feel that her life was about to run out. So, the
girl shed tears and desperately called out to the old woman... Asking her not to
die...

Looking at that girl, the old woman smiled... and with the gentle smile on her
lips, she said her last words.

[...For... the... good... fortune... of meeting... you... thank... you...]

[Iris!!! A-Aahhhh... aaaaaa... Uuuuuu... Aaaaaaaahhhhhhhh?!]

It’s truly ironic, as the girl’s Heart Tool of bonds called _Hekatonkheires_, as
the death of those she had weaved her bonds with was so vivid, that it painfully
pierces deep into her heart. Hearing the sound of the breaking bond that she
weaved... What remains in her heart is the proof that such a person existed... a
small and unfeeling fragment of that bond...

In that empty room, within the dim darkness... only the girl’s sorrowful wails
echoed...

---

After quietly recounting her final conversation with her best friend, Alice
wiped the tears she had been shedding for some time.

[...I want to go to where my best friend... and all my important people are.
However, by doing so, I would be stepping on the last wish of my best friend,
who has been following my selfishness all along. Since that day... I couldn’t
afford to die.]

[...]

[I somehow wanted to fulfill my best friend’s wish. However, my mind had already
started to think about all the people I met... I’ve come to treat them on the
premise that I would separate from them on their death... And in the end, I
couldn’t have any kind of romantic feelings for them.]

I see, so that’s why Alice... called those last words as a curse. She wants to
die, but if she dies, she will betray her best friend. It’s the last wish of
someone really precious to her, and that’s why those words bind her heart more
strongly than anything else.

[...From then on, I tried a lot of things. I played musical instruments,
painted, made things... The only thing I had was a staggering amount of time, so
I used my time to master every single thing there is.]

[...Unnn.]

[In the process, I also met and befriended new people... and watched them die
many times. I kept looking at the shifting world and continued to see many
deaths off. I felt my heart grow colder and colder, until I eventually felt
nothing at all...]

I suppose it’s not just a matter of years or even decades... Maybe Alice has
been living through thousands or tens of thousands of years of that
mind-boggling time, fulfilling her best friend’s last wish. Only having that
goal...

[Ahh\~\~ But come to think of it, there may be one person... who “may still be
alive today”... Before I came to this world, there was only one other person
besides Iris whom I called my “best friend”.]

[...What were they like?]

[Hmmm, she was born with a mysterious power... and ultimately “chose to become a
God”. I think she’s now playing God in some other world.]

[That’s kinda, how should I say this... Seems like it’s another tremendous
person.]

[Right... Well, it would be a long story if I told you about the girl, so I’ll
leave that for another time and continue with the story.]

Alice’s expression seemed to soften a bbit when she was talking about the girl
who had become a God. For Alice, who has lived an enormous number of years, to
call her her “best friend”... words that probably have a special meaning to
her... I think she’s really important to Alice. As I was thinking about this,
Alice’s expression changed to a serious one again as she resumed her story.

[...After spending a staggering number of years... I thought. In a world where
there are only humans, I will definitely never be able to fulfill my best
friend’s wish forever... So, I did a lot of research on how to go from my world
to another world.]

[Does that mean that Alice came to this world on your own?]

[Yes, well, I found a way to do it but... the catalyst was a bit of a problem...
so I stole the core of the Evil God that was tightly sealed up and used it!]

[ ? ! ]

She somehow smoothly said something outrageous again... No, well, compared to
the method of being summoned to this world just like how I came here, going to
another world on your own seems to be a higher hurdle...

[Then, taking the “ashes” of my closest friends into my body with
_Hekatonkheires_, evolving into an even more monstrous creature, I then
powerfully invoked the Great Magic of Different Dimension Teleportation. Also,
it was just a side effect, but somehow, after taking in their ashes, I was able
to transform into my closest friends for a long time. Even though it was my own
power, I still feel like _Hekatonkheires_ have lots of mysteries...]

[...And so, you came into this world?]

[Yes. No, well, I was also surprised. I’ve become even more powerful, there’s
also the fact that I still haven’t mastered my own power yet but... I was beaten
to a pulp by Kuro-san as soon as I came to this world.]

[...S-Speaking of which, Kuro also said something about fighting Alice...]

Apparently, for Alice, Kuro was the first person she met when she first came to
this world... but what kind of exchange did they have that it immediately led to
a battle between them...?

[It’s that, you know? After defeating the last boss, I dove into the hidden
dungeon with great enthusiasm, and it was like the first one who greeted me was
the hidden boss that I should be facing in the end... Well, seriously, Kuro-san
was super strong.]

[...That way of speaking...]

[Anyway, that’s how Kuro-san called out to me and taught me how to use my
power\~\~. From that point on, as Kaito-san probably know some extent, holding
the meaning that I am now different from the person I used to be, I named myself
Shalltear, and at the same time, as one of the members of the Six Kings, I began
to call myself No Face.]

Then, 20,000 years ago, she fought in that war against the God Realm and became
friends with Fate-san... wait, arehh? I don’t think I know about the fine
details that much. With that in mind, I was going to ask her about that topic,
about her promise to her best friend but... Alice looks me straight in the eyes
and gives me a beautiful smile that seems to suck me in.

[...And then, I met you... and fell in love.]

[ ? ! ]

Those words she unexpectedly told me along with her past. She has been jokingly
telling me those words before but... I wonder why? Those words I heard just
now—they had a completely different impression than before.

The words Alice said... Quicker than I could react to that, Alice continued
speaking. That should mean that she’s asking me not to mention her earlier
statement just yet.

[I’ve said it before, didn’t I? That the name Shalltear meant “a fragment of
illusion” in the world I lived in.]

[...An illusion... huh.]

[Yes. When my heart was shattered and I became a nobody, what was left of me...
was a wish that I hadn’t been able to fulfill after living so many years. That’s
because that was only the meaning of my life, nothing but an illusion.]

[...Unnn.]

Illusion huh... I think Alice spent a mind-boggling time until she came to this
world. That’s why, for her, she can’t imagine a future where her best friend’s
wish can come true. It was certainly like she’s chasing after an illusion huh?

[When I first came to this world, I had great expectations. There are many
people in this world, including Kuro-san, who are immortal like me. I thought I
could fulfill my best friend’s last wish here...]

[But you weren’t able to make it come true?]

[...Yes. Thinking about it now, I guess it’s natural that happened. I was trying
to force myself to fall in love because I had a strong desire to fulfill my best
friend’s wish... And now, I understand that I couldn’t fall in love with anyone
when I have such thoughts in my heart.]

Laughing to herself as she said this, Alice drinks her tea, which has gone cold,
and continues her story.

[The Phantasmal King, No Face... the King without a face. That’s certainly on
point, isn’t it? I’ve been empty ever since I lost everyone. I’ve been shifting
appearances, dancing around in the dark, playing the role of a nobody... I don’t
have any definite form that I could call my own. I was such a being.]

[...Alice.]

[...Ummm, I’ll be honest with you. This being named “Alice”, at that time... I
planned for this being to “disappear” after kidnapping Kaito-san.]

[...Eh?]

Saying that, I was looking at Alice’s blue eyes that were also staring straight
at me, and I could tell that those words weren’t a lie. Alice was going to
disappear after kidnapping me? What the heck does that mean? Seeing me tilting
my head while thinking about what she said, Alice wryly smiled.

[I never approached Kaito-san because I wanted to fall in love with you, but
because I wanted to repay Kuro-san for her kindness and ascertain what kind of
person you are... Looking back on it now, I guess it’s great that I wasn’t
strangely aware of it. Past me, that’s a fine play!]

[...H-Hmmm.]

[...Well, all jokes aside... In fact, I was going to make our connection
something shallow. At least, I wasn’t planning on going to Archlesia Empire
together with Kaito-san.]

[Does that mean you changed your plans?]

[No, it was more like... something unexpected, I think? I guess I have to
apologize to Kaito-san for that. I’m sorry...]

[Eh? N-No, why are you suddenly...]

Telling me that she has to apologize, Alice deeply bowed her head to me, but I
don’t even know why she’s apologizing. Alice then continued to bow for a few
moments, before slowly looking up and explained the reason for her apology.

[...It was the second time we met, wasn’t it? When Kaito-san scolded me... It
feels as if “I could see my best friend overlapping with you”.]

She should be talking about her first best friend... the one who gave Alice a
curse that wishes for her to keep living.

[Alice’s best friend... Are you talking about the person named Iris you
mentioned earlier?]

[Yes. The standard flow of our conversation would often be about how I would do
something stupid and my best friend would scold me, getting angry at me... And
then, after she was done being angry, she would have a small smile while
astoundedly looking at me... She would then warmly chuckle, as if to say that it
can’t be helped if it’s me... I liked those times a lot.]

[...]

[After finishing your sermon, Kaito-san would let out a sigh before wryly
smiling... It really resembles the times I had with my best friend, making me
feel as if I went back in time... I felt really happy then.]

After saying that with a nostalgic expression on her face, Alice moves her gaze
several times, some kind of anxiety can be seen in her face. Then, after
searching for the words to say for a while, her face slightly lowered, she
spoke.

[...I pictured Kaito-san as my best friend. I would say stupid things on
purpose, just to get scolded by Kaito-san... I’ve always treated Kaito-san as a
replacement for my best friend.]

[...I see.]

[Ahh, I-I’ve thought differently now! I’m not thinking of Kaito-san as a
replacement for my best friend.]

[Ah, unnn. You don’t need to be so quick to deny it.]

[Ahhh...]

Hearing my words, I don’t know if she thought she hurt my feelings or not, but
Alice hurriedly explained herself. However, I’m not particularly worried about
Alice’s words, as I’m more worried about her earlier words about how she was
going to disappear. When I explained this to Alice, she let out a sigh of relief
and continued with her story.

[...As I said, at first, I treated Kaito-san as a substitute for my best friend.
However, as I exchanged words with Kaito-san many times, the image of my best
friend overlapping with Kaito-san’s image began to blur... it’s more of a good
way though. I was having fun being together with Kaito-san, not because
Kaito-san is a replacement for my friend, but because the one I’m together with
is Kaito-san... Yes, I began to think like that.]

[...]

[However, this “Alice” character is a persona who would betray Kaito-san in the
end and disappear. I was wondering if Kaito-san will lose your faith in
others... That was my fourth trial. Of course, I had my subordinates lurking in
that place of abduction to prevent Kaito-san from being injured. And once
Kaito-san had survived that trial, I had planned on having our connection remain
as being your subordinate, not as Alice, but as the Phantasmal King, No Face.]

[...However, Alice saved me at that time.]

[...Yes. That was the biggest miscalculation I made... and a miracle that I’m
really happy about.]

Alice’s expression when she said that somehow looked gentle, and with a wry
smile... It seemed to show her trust in me, and it kinda makes me feel warm.
It’s almost as if Alice was saying that what she was looking for was someone
laughable like this...

[At that time, I betrayed you as planned, and as I said goodbye... Kaito-san
smiled at me, right? You understand that I betrayed you, but still, you thought
it couldn’t be helped... When I saw that smile, my best friend and Kaito-san
became completely separate entities in my mind. I thought that this person was
the only one who couldn’t be replaced by anyone else...]

[...]

[Before I knew it, I found myself breaking down the door that I was supposed to
have closed. I advanced on the stage that I once got off. Not as Shalltear, not
as No Face, but as “Alice” who was supposed to have disappeared... From that
moment on, Alice isn’t just a character I play... but a new name for me.]

From a girl to a hero, from a hero to a piece of illusion, from a piece of
illusion to a faceless king, and from a faceless king... she changed to this
girl in front of me, to Alice I know well. Hearing that... I wonder why? I felt
relieved. Now, I understand that the Alice in front of me isn’t an illusion, but
Alice herself...

[...And that’s why I fell in love with you, Kaito-san... but shameful it may
sound, I suddenly felt scared.]

[Scared?]

[Yes. I thought that if Kaito-san knew about how I’ve been treating you as a
replacement for my best friend, you would hate me... No, more than that thought,
this affection I feel for Kaito-san... I began to wonder, “Did I really love
Kaito-san”? Perhaps, were these feelings of mine just because I found the right
person to fulfill my best friend’s wish...? I’ve been wondering what my true
wish is...]

[...]

I see, within Alice’s mind was her best friend’s wish to “fall in love”. Whether
it was because she fell in love with me, that her wish will come true... or was
it because she was trying to make her best friend’s wish come true, and that’s
why she fell in love with me... Perhaps, that was what she was worried about.
That’s why she would joke about how much she loved me, and then run away when I
rode along with it...

[...The moment that God appeared, and thought that Kaito-san might die... I was
helplessly terrified. If Kaito-san died, I don’t think I would ever be able to
stand up again, I don’t think I would be able to laugh again... Because I
understood that myself, ummm... That’s why I acted a bit strange at that time.]

[...]

[I’m sorry that I got off on a tangent. I was afraid that you might just feel
indebted. I was afraid that our relationship that fills me with happiness will
change. I’ve made various excuses. But in the end, I was just a coward... I
couldn’t tell Kaito-san about myself.]

Breaking her words and closing her eyes once... Alice looks straight at me and
finishes her words.

[...This concludes my story. No matter how Kaito-san receives it... I’m ready
for it. It’s okay if you think I’m pathetic or cruel. If you were to hate me, it
can’t be hel... Eh?]

Why would I do that? I’m not really sure but... I found myself getting up from
my seat and holding Alice’s small body in my embrace. I still haven’t finished
sorting through everything I’ve just heard in my head. I don’t think I can
properly say what I’m feeling either. But even so, I had an overflowing desire
to tell her something.

[...Thank you, Alice. Even though talking about it may be difficult... but you
still told me everything.]

[...Kaito... -san?]

[I don’t know if I could say it well... Can you stay a little bit longer and
listen to me too?]

[...Yes... No matter what it is... To be honest, I’m about to cry already
though...]

After listening to Alice’s story... I can’t say I understood all the pain she
felt and had been carrying. However...

[...Alice. I lost my parents once too... I think I understand at least a little
bit of the pain of being left behind. However, the years I’ve spent in the past
aren’t even close to Alice’s. So, I can’t comfortably say that I understand how
Alice feels.]

[Yes.]

I’ve only been alive for at most... around 21 years and a few months. However,
after I’ve lost my parents, I’ve given up on a lot of things. If I never came to
this world, there’s a non-zero chance that I will choose the worst possible
future because I will be sick and tired of being alone everyday for an extended
period of time. How many years has Alice been carrying these feelings? Tens of
thousands of years in her original world and tens of thousands of years in this
world... They were mind-bogglingly long years that I couldn’t even imagine...
Living her days in suffering, using only the wish left by her best friend as a
reason to live. I don’t think I can say that I understand how she felt.

[...Even though I wanted to be cool and say that I wanted to protect Alice’s
heart... But in reality, I think there’s only so much I can do for Alice.]

[...]

[But, well... what I can do “is be with you even in the future”.]

[...Auuu.]

As I put my thoughts into words, I strengthened my embrace on Alice’s body. So
that not a bit of warmth would leak out of her small body... I hugged her body
tighter.

[For me, I had the impression that Alice is... an idiot, no good, troublesome
fellow who always messes around...]

[...That’s mean, Kaito-san.]

[...However, Alice is cheerful, reliable and someone I don’t have to put on a
bold front with... Someone who’s so important to me that I can’t imagine her not
being around anymore.]

[ ? ! ]

As I heard a soundless gulp, Alice, who was in my arms, slightly moved.

[...I promise you, I’ll never leave you alone, Alice. So, from now on, I’ll
continue to be unpretentious... I want you to be by my side as “Alice”.]

[Uaahh... Yesh... If that... is your wish... I will always... be by your side.]

Her voice trembling as she spoke, her small hands went around my back. I’m sure
she feels the same way as I do, not wanting a bit of warmth to leak out of our
bodies, acting as the stopper... It’s as if our embrace ascertains that we are
indeed together. Promising Alice not to leave her alone may be difficult for me,
who was but a mere mortal... but I’ll definitely keep my promise.

[...It may be difficult for me since I’m not immortal... but since Neun-san was
able to change from a Human to a Demon, I guess we can use such methods...]

[...Eh? Kaito-san is pretty much “immortal”, you know?]

[...Eh?]

Arehh? That’s strange? Just now, I’m pretty sure that I was declaring my resolve
to reject my humanity and stay with Alice but... What the heck is with her
response, as if she’s asking me “What the heck is this person talking about?”?
I’m immortal? Hahaha, you’re joking around even at a moment like this, what a
troubling woman you are... Eh? Seriously?

[...You didn’t hear about it from Shallow Vernal-sama?]

[...About what?]

[N-No, what I’m saying is... the effect of her blessing...]

[...She only said “I dunno” while tilting her head...]

Hearing Shiro-san’s name here makes me feel strange... Just like that time when
I met Lillywood-san, how is it that the people around Shiro-san know more about
her blessing than the me who had been given this blessing and Shiro-san herself?
Or rather, does Shiro-san’s blessing really even have the effect of making one
immortal?

[...I-Is that so. Well, I heard it from Kuro-san but... I heard that Shallow
Vernal-sama’s blessing is perfectly the highest blessing one can receive from
all Gods, and you can get all the benefits from the blessings of every God.]

[Really? Or rather, there’s a blessing that could make you immortal?]

[The True Blessing that Duchess Lilia received from Chronois-san had such an
effect.]

[...]

Whoa there, I kinda feel like I’ve heard another shocking statement... The
effect of becoming immortal is due to Chronois-san’s blessing, and it seems that
Lilia-san became immortal because of that. A-Anyway, it seems I’m immortal. Oi,
come out, airhead goddess... I didn’t hear anything about this from you, you
know...

(The effect of my blessing is “apparently” higher than all Gods.)

It’s too late already! Moreover, the person herself is saying “apparently”...
Why the heck does Kuro have more understanding about your ability than you?!

(I was also surprised... I see... I guess that “additional magic technique” that
I was about to cast on Kaito-san was just pointless huh...)

Oi, why the heck do you sound like you’re also planning something else? My body
is being super-modified without my knowledge?!

As I was throwing tsukkomis at Shiro-san in my mind, I looked at Alice, who was
looking at me in puzzlement.

[...I see, I’m an immortal huh...]

[...That’s right... Fufufu...]

[...Kuhh—hahaha... What the heck is this, I’m completely unaware of the most
essential points huh...]

[Well, that’s just like Kaito-san, isn’t it?!]

[Wait a moment there, you...]

What is this, being unaware on the most important things... Having such a
conversation that seems to throw everything out of the loop, it feels like Alice
and I really had a connection with each other, as both of us unconsciously
exchanged glances and laughed.

[...Well, but when we’re talking about being immortal, wouldn’t that save Alice
from a lot of grief, so isn’t it great?]

[...Immortality doesn’t make you invincible, you know?]

[For such matters... “You would be there to protect me”, right?]

[...That’s how it ends up huh... I really can’t match you. Yes, leave it to me.
When it comes to protecting people, I can say that I’m unrivaled. Instead, when
I want a shoulder to lean on, or when I’m losing my presence of mind... “Please
protect me”, okay?]

[Yeah, I promise.]

As Alice tells me that she will protect me, she asks me to protect her heart.
Those words seemed to supplement each other, and were a very gentle...
reassuring promise.

[...Alice. I love you. Please continue to be with me in the future.]

[...Kaito-san. I love you. Please let me stay by your side.]

Then, exchanging words of confirmation of our feelings, as if the both of us
were being drawn to each other... We softly kissed each other. Mutually
exchanging our soft and pleasant warmth with each other, the both of us
communicated our feelings to each other. When both of our lips parted from each
other, I could see tears dripping from Alice’s eyes.

[...It seems like it was foolish of me to be afraid.]

[Unnn?]

[To go where my close friends are... I was trying to fall in love for the sake
of dying. So, I was afraid that if that came true, I would have a strong desire
to die... Being anxious about that matter, I couldn’t find the courage to take
the first step.]

With tears streaming down her face, Alice put her hands around my neck and
hugged me as if she were clinging to me.

![Insert 5](../../_Images/v10/Insert5.png#.insert)

[However, I don’t think I can go to the place where my close friends are... I
fell in love with Kaito-san and you accepted my feelings... My desire to die has
gone away. I want to be with you forever... I want to “live” in a future where
I’m walking by your side.]

[...Unnn.]

[...Kaito-san, just this once... Can you call me by this name?]

Then, Alice whispered one name in my ear, took her body away from me and looked
me straight in the eye. I immediately understood what that name was. It was the
name of the hero who once saved a world, and now, she’s ready to truly say
goodbye... to her past self.

[...”Alicia”.]

[...]

When Alice heard the name I called her, she gently closed her eyes and stayed
silent for a few moments. Then, held within Alice’s beautiful blue eyes as she
opened them were strong and definite intentions.

[...Thank you. As of now, the girl who was called a hero in the other world...
Alicia has truly died. And from now on, the name I hold as I walk with you from
now on is “Alice”. Once again, hereafter, I will be in your care.]

[Unnn. I will be in your care too...]

Saying goodbye to her past self, Alice gives me a big smile. Not as the hero
from another world, not as a fragment of illusion, and not as the faceless
king... but as Alice, a girl living in this world...

Holding brightness as powerful as the sun... I think that was definitely the
sincere smile that her best friend wished for.
