---
toc: true
---

# Intermission: Alice — The Visitor's Beginnings

The night sky is filled with stars. In the harbor illuminated with light,
another ship had come to dock their ship. How long has it been since the human
species expanded their range of activity beyond the stars and into the space?
Trade with other planets is flourishing, and technology and civilization
continously developing without stop. However, everything has been automated, the
number of fields that do not require human hands continues to increase, and the
products that have been created are becoming saturated. You can get what you
want without having to work for it, and you can be given something without
trying to get it. A world where enviousness and competition are no longer
necessary... The world had indeed greatly developed. But a world where desire
has disappeared... a world where there are fewer and fewer people who are
willing to move on their own... was also a world slowly moving towards its
destruction.

An orbital elevators connects the stars and the cosmic skies. The elevator is
controlled by a magic-operated machines, and even though there is no life form
working there, it is running smoothly everyday. As if gravity didn’t exist, a
small shadow clad in a black robe walked up to the wall of the orbital elevator.
Strangely enough, neither the people living on the ground nor the magic-operated
machines guarding the elevator seems to be aware of the shadow.

When the shadow reached the middle of the orbital elevator, at an altitude where
no living organism could ever move, she sat on the wall of the orbital elevator
and began to look at the scenery.

Her golden hair peeked out from between her black robes, and her blue eyes
stared out at the world. That shadow... No, that girl’s eyes were very cold as
she stared at the world, and I could even see a hint of resignation in them. It
was ridiculous to count the number of years that had passed since the girl has
been transformed into a monster beyond the realm of humanity. She had already
changed her name and appearance countless times. At times, she fought alongside
courageous students who were fighting against evil for some reason, and at other
times, she played the role of the villain, being the vanguard sent against the
agents of justice. As she does all sorts of things, the girl matches with the
era as a member of its society, accumulating many bonds... and losing many of
those bonds.

She had met a staggering amount of people. She have mastered every field of
technology she can think of. She had traveled the worlds many times. But still,
the curse left behind by her best friend still haunts her mind... and she still
hadn’t found what she was looking for. And this is something she understood
herself. She clearly understands that what she was looking for “isn’t something
that she can ever find in this world”... Yes, she had already been left
disappointed by this world. It was clear in her mind that within the people of
today, who have forgotten how to compete with each other and only accept what is
given to them, she cannot possible find the person she seeks. That is why the
girl decided to leave this world. What she was looking for couldn’t be found in
this world, so she decided to look for another world.

After taking in the view from the orbital elevator, the girl activated the
now-lost “True Magic”. On this day, the girl who once saved the world from a
powerful Evil God and left her name in the legend disappeared. Turning her eyes
away from the slow demise of the world she once lived in...

---

In a space that only the girl can enter, built on the border between dimensions,
a lot of tombs had been lined up. They were the graves of the people she had
formed bonds with. People who now remained only in her memory. As she kept watch
over the world, she also saw off the deaths of many loved ones. Then, when the
relatives of her loved ones ceased to exist or the person is forgotten by the
world, she quietly retrieved their graves and preserved them. That is how this
place was built. A graveyard containing only the ashes of those who had formed a
bond with her... That was what this place is.

[...Everyone, I’m sorry. I’ve given up on this world. I’ll never find what I’m
looking for in this world... so I’m going to another world.]

Silently facing a tombstone, the girl quietly muttered. Of course, she received
no reply, and her voice only echoed in that large space.

[I know it’s selfish of me, but I want everyone to follow me... “as a part of
me”...]

As the girl muttered, a number of lights shot out from her body, each one
reaching out into a gravestone.

[With _Hekatonkheires_... I’ll have everyone’s ashen remains within my body...]

The lights soundlessly brought the ashes out of the tombstones towards the girl.
Each time one of the ashes entered her body, her power, which was already
strong, increased. And when all the ashes were taken in, the magic power within
her body swelled several times over.

[...Now then, let’s go.]

After she quietly muttered, the girl activated the magic technique that she had
been studying for many years... and crossed over to another world. All that was
left was that big empty space with nothing in it... that space that seemed to
represent what was within her heart.

---

In the garden of a large house that can already be called a mansion, towering
over a corner of the vast Demon Realm... the figures of Demons amicably chatting
can be seen.

[...Alright, just like that. It seems like Zwei is also getting stronger and
stronger huh!]

[Yes! Thank you for your guidance, Megiddo-sama.]

“Don’t you feel anything strange in your body? Megiddo might be a bit rough, so
I’m a little worried.”

[I’m alright. Thank you for your concern, Lillywood-sama.]

In that place, a family of Demons gathered around a Demon.

[...Zwei... got really... stronger.]

“That’s right. She’s young and growing fast.”

[Hmm\~\~ I was also surprised that Master Megiddo was able to properly teach
her.]

[Oi, you said something, Ozma?]

[No, no, I didn’t say anything!]

They were happily discussing the growth of their youngest member, the magic doll
Zwei. The place they were in was very peaceful, which was unusual considering
they were in the conflict-ridden Demon Realm, where the weak become prey and the
strong survives.

[Everyone, tea has been prepared.]

Ein, who insists that she is Kuromueina’s servant has prepared enough tea for
everyone... everyone except for Magnawell, whose stature is too big for him to
drink tea. Everyone pleasantly chatted while drinking their tea.

[...Speaking of which... Ein... Where’s Kuromueina?]

[Kuromu-sama has left to quell a major conflict in the south. I’m sure she’ll be
back soon.]

[What?! Oi, oi... It would have been great if she brought me along.]

“If you go there, you’ll only cause more damage...”

The head of their family, Kuromueina, was undoubtedly the strongest in the Demon
Realm, but she had no interest in ruling the Demon Realm. She basically doesn’t
get involved in the struggle for supremacy in the Demon Realm, respecting the
will of each individual. This time, however, she had been asked to help a
minority race involved in a conflict in the south, and was on her way to
suppress it. With Kuromueina’s strength, it was easy to suppress whatever
conflict it may be, so her family didn’t seem to be particularly worried about
her, and just went about their day as usual. However, their carefree thoughts
were suddenly shattered.

[...What?! This magic power...]

“I-I don’t know! It just suddenly appeared inside the wards I set up!”

“For even Lillywood to not detect what it is... Moreover, for that thing to have
this much magic power.”

[Ahh, I know. Strong... Whatever that is, it’s strong.]

All of them were strong people, so they noticed. Something with extraordinary
magic power had suddenly appeared nearby...

[...We don’t know if that thing’s hostile or not, but I don’t think we can
overlook it.]

After hearing Ein’s words, the girls left their seats at once.

[Ozma! You stay here and protect Zwei!]

[I’d really like to join though... Well, roger that. Please take care over
there.]

[Ohh!]

Leaving Ozma to guard the weaker Zwei, the six Demons, including Ein, headed
towards the place where they detected the being with huge magic power.

In the blink of an eye, the six arrived at their destination and found a large
plume of smoke, as if something had crashed there. They could feel a huge amount
of magic power was flowing the center of the smoke, and they’re certain that the
being they’re looking for was there.

[...Ahh, this will be great. Since that being have this much magic power, that
would mean it would be powerful, right?]

“Megiddo, pin down your bloodlust... Don’t provoke them.”

[To hell with that. I don’t know how that thing did it, but if that’s inside
Lillywood’s wards... That makes that thing an invader, right?]

As the battle maniac Megiddo lets out his intimidating killing intent, the
others vigilantly stare at the center of the smoke. In midst of this tense,
skin-piercing tension, a doltish and slack voice resounded.

[...Haahhh... How the heck could this happen? Should I be happy that I succeeded
for the time being, or should I be saddened by the fact that there are only
non-humans around here... I can’t fall in love with anyone who isn’t human,
probably because I used to be human\~\~]

[ [ [ [ [ [ ? ! ] ] ] ] ] ]

Yes, a voice echoed... “above Megiddo’s head”. Before they knew it, a blonde
girl clad in black robe was standing over Megiddo’s head, muttering to herself
with a somewhat dazed expression on her face.

[...Who the heck are you?]

[...]

[Tsk?!]

Without responding to Megiddo’s question, the girls disappears again and stands
in front of the girls... “with a knife in each hand, ready for battle”...

[Looks like she’s up for it huh?]

[...]

Without uttering a word, the girl held up two knives, one black and one white,
and quietly took her stance. The girl’s face was hidden by hidden by her robe,
and although it was impossible for one to read her expression, the girl was
inwardly quite flustered.

(Unbelievable... These guys are ridiculously strong. If people with this
strength is considered “average in this world”... This is going to be
bothersome.)

The Demons in front of her eyes are so powerful that they are almost at the top
of this Demon Realm, but the girl from another world doesn’t know that. Although
the girl shuddered at the thought that there could possibly be so many powerful
people in this world, she kicked the ground and charged, not showing the
agitation on her face.

[Hah! If she’s charging at us, that means we’re going to fight, right?!]

When Megiddo sees the girl cominig towards him in a straight line, he
ferociously smiled and welcomed her with a powerful swing of his fist. As the
enormous Megiddo swung his fist to her approach, the girl evasively leaps and
began running up Megiddo’s arm.

(No matter how I look at him, he looks like the type of person who would try
overpowering others with his power. His swing is big and his movement is slow...
But it looks like he would have a tough defense. These muscles of his looks like
he can take quite a beating. In that case!)

Even as she analyze Megiddo’s power, she doesn’t stop moving. Holding the knife
in a backhanded grip, with the momentum of her charge, she swung her knife
towards Megiddo’s face. However, her slash is stopped by Ein, who suddenly
appears and grabs the arm holding the knife.

(Instanteneous movement? No, I can’t see any signs for such movements... It’s
also unlikely for her to move at a speed that I could not perceive. If she
grabbed my hand instead of attacking me, the most likely scenario is that she
stopped time. She couldn’t attack me with time stopped, so she grabbed me to try
and stop me...)

Grabbing Ein’s arm as she saw through her ability in a moment’s thought, she
twisted the arm that Ein grabbed and freed herself from her restraint. At the
same time, her gaze quickly moved to check the others.

(The others haven’t attacked. Based on the way she stands, her eye movements,
and the way she kneads her magic power, that white hair is probably a magic
user. That one with her butt on the tree is probably someone that have attacks
that reach everything on a certain range, but it seems like she’s more focused
on her friends. I guess she’s probably a support type. It doesn’t seem like that
stupidly large lizard... Is it because that things attack range is too wide and
could engulf its friends?)

Even though she was thinking of all these things, the girl’s movements didn’t
slow down at all, and she evaded Megiddo’s fists as if she was flowing water. As
the girl had analyzed, Megiddo and Ein were the ones in charge of melee combat,
while the others were preparing to attack when the girl takes her distance from
them. In the meantime, Ein stopped time again and tried to get behind the
girl... but she stopped moving and released her hold on time.

[T-This is... magic threads? S-Since when are these...]

A huge number of magic threads appeared around the girl, and they prevented Ein
from taking action. The magic thread was very thin, and the magic power
contained in it is weak. They were so weak that they can break with just a mere
touch...

However, this magic thread is only immensely effective against Ein. When she
stops time, objects are never destroyed and remain unchanged. Therefore, this
thread can never be broken during a time stop... It’s an obstacle that only
prevents Ein’s actions. Ein had only used her ability against the cloaked girl
once... and after just seeing it once, the girl had seen through Ein’s ability
and even prepared countermeasures against it. Ein was also one of the most
powerful people in the Demon Realm, and that’s why, she intuitively understood.
The girl in front of them is dangerous... and that the longer the fight goes on,
the worse off they’ll be...

[Isis! Don’t mind us! Please shoot!]

[Uuuu... I... I understand.]

Following Ein’s words, Isis spread her hands out, and as if in response to her
actions, a huge magic circle appeared in the sky. And from that magic circle, a
blue flash of absolute zero that freezes everything in its path...

[Don’t underestimate me!]

[Wha... Reflection Magic—Kuhh.]

With a swing of the girl’s knife, the flash went to Isis as if it was reflected
in a mirror, to which Isis hurriedly evaded. But after the girl turned her back
in respond to Isis’ magic, Megiddo swung his fist at the girl.

[You’re full of gaps!]

[...I don’t have such things.]

[What?! Tsk...]

But the girl’s reaction was quick, and without looking back, she threw her white
knife at Megiddo. Caught off guard, Megiddo’s movements slowed down for a moment
before he took evasive movements. After brushing away all the magic threads that
the girl had installed, Ein joined the battle again, but the girl’s evasiveness
was so precise that it was hard to catch her. However, it was not as if the girl
had the leeway to fight back either. She couldn’t find an opening to fight back,
so she could only stay on the defense. The battle is at a stalemate... The
moment that thought crossed the minds of everyone present, the girl took action.
It would be unbearable for her as a lone person to force an endurance battle
against a group of people. That’s why, the girl changed her mind and distanced
herself from Megiddo and Ein. She also knows that making such a decision would
make Isis and Magnawell come after her...

As the girl moves away from Megiddo and Ein, Isis unleases her Anti-Reflective
Magic while Magnawell unleashes his breath, blowing at a wide range—but they
lost sight of the girl.

“Nhuu?!”

[...Dis... appeared?]

They looked surprised for a moment, but the two of them were overwhelmingly
strong people... and they immediately found the girl. Before they knew it, the
girl had moved to the spot where the white knife she had thrown to Megiddo had
fallen, and with a fluid motion, she picked it up and held up her stance.
Thereupon, the white knife in the girl’s hand began to vibrate at super
high-speed, making a high-pitched sound.

[...Pierce, Death.]

“Guooohhh?!”

“Magnawell?!”

The white knife thrown by the girl pierced Magnawell’s paw with the speed of a
flash. It easily shattered Magnawell’s tough scales, but for someone of
Magnawell’s stature, it can be considered as just a scratch... However, he was
more than a little shocked at the ease with which his own scales had been
pierced, making Magnawell’s thoughts blank out for a moment. And with the
disappearance of that girl again, Magnawell reflexively leaped up to the skies.

“Guooohhh?!”

[...As I had expected, you lizards have soft underbellies.]

[Whaa?! That bastard... she’s making that instantenous movement again...]

With the astonished and the others at her back, the girl quietly takes aim at
Magnawell that has leapt into the sky.

(Seriously, this big lizard is a hindrance. A super-massive attack that I can’t
brush off... It would be extremely troublesome if I fight him along with the
support of that time-stopping woman. With that body frame, it can’t fly, but it
can still leap huh... Now then, I guess I should kill it already huh?)

The girl wanted to somehow bring Magnawell down in her next attack, but such
expectations disappeared when Magnawell spread his huge wings that covered the
sky.

“Now you’ve done it!!!”

[Uweeehhh... For something as disgustingly big as it, it can fly huh.
Seriously—Whoa there.]

[You’re quite carefree even though you’re fighting us huh.]

Muttering with a disgusted expression on her face, the girl evaded Ein’s
incoming attack and moved away. As Ein waved her fist in pursuit, she was unable
to carelessly use her time-stop because she was wary of the girl’s magic
threads.

[It’s not that I’m carefree... It’s just that you folks have never coordinated
with each other in a fight, have you? Your coordination was a mess. You worry
about shooting your allies, so you end up not doing anything at all.]

[But that doesn’t really change the fact that you’re at a disadvantage though?]

A little surprised at the girl’s response, Ein speaks up as she continues her
attack. Brushing aside the fists fired at her with an unbelievable speed, a
fearless smile on the girl’s lips.

[Disadvantage? I’d like it if you don’t try to make me laugh... After all, even
if there’s a difference in numbers, it doesn’t really mean anything , you know?]

[Hoohhh...]

[You must be an idiot huh? “You can’t call something an advantage if you can’t
even take advantage of it”. Your greater numbers isn’t an advantage when you
can’t even take advantage of it. Come say that again after you practice your
combinations.]

[I see, I’ve learnt something new today. “After we bring you down”, this will be
my something I will study.]

Just as the girl said, Ein and the others had never fought together that much.
This is because each of them has overwhelming power... They didn’t coordinate
with each other, because they could win without needing coordination at all.
However, they can’t say such a thing against this opponent. Even when she’s
fighting with Ein and the others, she still had the leisure to talk.
Concentrating even more, Ein fired her fists again... but the girl disappeared
for the third time.

[That instantaneous movement again?!]

Yes, the ability that this girl had was troublesome for Ein and the others. The
girl had great skill at deflecting attacks, and she had speed and power, but
none of these aspects were at a nonsensical level. Ein and the others could
handle her just fine... However, this instantaneous movement was the only thing
they couldn’t see through. If Ein, who has the ability to manipulate time
doesn’t sense the time being messed with, it means that she isn’t stopping time.
But if that’s the case, it’s too inexplicable for her to disappear without a
magic circle or even a fluctuation in magic power. But in reality, the girl
disappeared before their eyes, and before I knew it, she was directly running
towards Lillywood, the white knife she had just picked up in hand. Ein
immediately tried to follow her, but before she could do so, the girl sent out
magic threads behind her.

[...It’s basic theory to aim at healers first, right?]

“I’m not going to let you do that!”

Ein is blocked by magical threads, while Megiddo and Isis are too far away.
Magnawell is also not suitable for a quick follow-up. But even if that’s so,
Lillywood is one of the most powerful people in the Demon Realm. When it comes
to Defensive Magic, she is one of the best in the world. As the girl approached,
a wooden wall rose around Lillywood... a wall that even Ein and the others would
have difficulty breaking. Thus, Lillywood’s main strategy was to defend before
making her counterattack. However, the expression on the girl’s face didn’t
change. Seeing the wooden wall rising up from the ground, she threw her “black
knife” forward and threw her white knife behind her. The four others who were
chasing the girl thought for a moment about the true meaning of her strange
actions... and Megiddo was the first among them to notice it.

[This is bad, Lillywood! Her ability isn’t instantaneous movement! It’s
“Compulsory Teleportation”! She can “forcibly transfer anything touching the
black knife to the location of the white knife”!!!]

Almost at the same time as Megiddo shouted this, the wooden wall with the black
knife pierced in it suddenly disappeared. The girl quickly closed the distance
between her and the astonished Lillywood, sending a sharp punch forward.

“Kuhh! Uwaahhhh...”

[Lillywood?!]

With a creaking sound, Lillywood’s body bent backwards and was blown away.
Seeing Lillywood, Isis let out a shriek, and Ein, who had finally removed the
magic threads around her, stopped time and moved behind the girl. She throws her
fist at the girl with all her might, but just before it hits her, she releases
her time-stop. Thinking that she should make sure to capture her this time, the
fist that she had clenched... she had swung it to the girl’s side and blown her
body away. Ein then stopped time again, heading towards a place engulfed in a
cloud of dust... the place where Lillywood was blown away.

[Lillywood, are you alright?!]

“Yes, I’m alright.”

Helping the fallen Lillywood up and with the smoke obscuring her vision, Ein
positioned herself to protect Lillywood behind her. Thinking that she’s ready to
deal with the girl no matter where she attacks her...

“Ein! You’re mistaken! That’s not me!!!”

[Wha—Oh no?!]

[Gotcha!!!]

Hearing Lillywood’s voice, Ein understood in an instant. The girl that she had
blown away was just a clone, and that she had lured her into a trap by daring
her to attack her clone... “knowing herself that the first thing on their minds
was to get rid of her”... but, everything’s already too late. With an ultra-thin
thread of magic power stretched out, preventing Ein from escaping, her deadly
blade approached Ein from behind... Evading it is impossible, while her
time-stop ability wouldn’t do anything.

And then, the girl’s blade struck Ein in the back of her neck—is something that
didn’t happen.

[...Eh?]

That voice came out from the girl who was sure that it would kill Ein. The
battle was going as she planned. It was the greatest chance for her to finish
off Ein, who had the most troublesome ability among her opponents. However, the
girl’s plans only brought her thus far—

[...I don’t know what the circumstances are... but if you try to hurt my family
any more than you already have, I will not be lenient anymore.]

Yes, as if to sneer at all the plans the girl had... the strongest being of the
Demon Realm... had descended.

With Kuromueina’s appearance, surprise appeared on the girl’s face for the first
time.

(What is this monster... The quality, density and control of magic power... No
matter which aspect it is, they’re clearly on a different level from the rest?!)

With her innate insight, she grasped Kuromueina’s ability and understood her
sheer power. Looking at Kuromueina in front of her, cold sweat ran down the
girl’s spine, and the composure she had earlier disappeared. However, as the
girl raised her vigilance, Kuromueina calmly spoke.

[...Now then, tell me your name and why you attacked my...]

[Haaaahhhh!]

[...family. You won’t even listen huh!!!]

[Gafuuh?!]

It all happened in an instant. The girl grabbed the thin magic threads that was
meant to restrain Ein before making use of the threads to slash Kuromueina. If
she was a normal girl, she might have handled the situation more calmly... But
ironically, the girl’s current mental state was anything but normal.

The biggest reason for this was that the girl was the strongest person in her
former world. In her original world, there was no one to threaten the girl’s
life, and she hadn’t felt threatened in the tens of thousands of years she had
lived. However, when she came to this world, she was immediately met with people
holding tremendous power... “beings that could kill her” whose bloodlust was
directed towards her, she responded with force. And just when she was slightly
relieved to have the upper hand in the battle, an incredibly strong person
appeared in front of her, possessing strength that makes her feel despair...
Now, for the first time in tens of thousands of years, she strongly felt her
life was in danger. The girl can’t let herself die. If she died, she wouldn’t be
able to fulfill her best friend’s wish. That’s why she moved as fast as she
could to eradicate the threat in front of her.

...However, her strike was just snapped away by Kuromueina’s left hand, as if
she was just putting out a fire, and immediately afterwards, a fist holding
tyrannical power was driven into the girl’s face. With Kuromueina’s strike, a
mushroom cloud rose in the distance.

[...You guys stay here. I’ll take care of the rest.]

After instructing her family, Kuromueina moved to the spot where the girl was
blown away in less than a second, and leisurely stood in front of the huge cloud
of dust. If it had been an ordinary Demon, the blow would have already killed
them. However, Kuromueina doesn’t think that the girl would be killed by a
strike like that at all. In the first place, Kuromueina had no intention of
killing the girl. She was so kind that she could be described as naive. Even
though she was angry that the girl hurt her family, she didn’t want to take
their lives as well.

[...I’d like to talk with you if it’s possible... but I guess that’s not
happening huh.]

At about the same time that Kuromueina mutters this with a sigh, a number of
lights appeared, cutting through the huge cloud of dust.

[——Weave my bonds! _Hekatonkheires_!]

[...This is...]

Seeing the girl being surrounded like lights, twirling around her like shooting
stars, Kuromueina’s eyes widened.

(What is this? Arehh? I can feel great power from her, but it’s slightly
different from magic power... A magic I don’t know about? Or perhaps, is it
something else? I don’t know... but the fact that she used that after receiving
my strike means I can’t be negligent.)

As she stared at the girl clad in flashes of lights dashing towards her,
Kuromueina quietly clenched her fists and took a stance. Then, a few tenths of
second later, numerous flashes of light and jet-black light exploded.

---

Hearing the thunderous roar coming from far away, Ein and the others lined up
and waited for Kuromueina’s return.

[...I can’t see what’s happening from here, but since the sound is still
echoing, it means that she’s a challenge even for Kuromu-sama... That’s quite an
accomplishment.]

[...Kuromueina... would she... be alright?]

“There is no way that Kuromueina can be defeated. However, it doesn’t seem like
she can easily eliminate her. She’s really strong. Megiddo should know how about
this matter better, right?”

At Ein’s muttering, Isis looked concerned, and as she healed her wounds,
Lillywood tried reassuring her. However, she also added that it wouldn’t be
settled so easily...

[...Yeah, the reason why we were being pushed all this time is simple. It’s not
her power, nor was it her speed... It’s because of her combat techniques. In
that one aspect, she was far superior to us. It’s frustrating to say this, but
she was so charmingly perfect in every way. Her body handling, adaptability, and
even her ability to assess the situation.]

“...Or rather, if you hadn’t let loose your killing intent in the first place,
there wouldn’t be any need for a fight, don’t you think?”

[Ahh\~\~ I guess that’s really the case huh? To be honest, I didn’t see her as
someone that couldn’t be reasoned with... My bad.]

“Well, there’s no point crying over spilled milk. We can’t make a calm decision
when we’re up against someone as strong as that...”

In a sense, Megiddo was the one who started this whole debacle, and when
Magnawell pointed it out, he obediently admitted his fault and bowed his head.
Even Ein, who had a some conversation with the girl, couldn’t calmly make a
decision while they’re on edge in that battle, so no one blamed Megiddo anymore.
Thereupon, the five Demon just sat quietly... and waited for Kuromueina’s
victory.

---

(...What a waste.)

After a number of attacks and defenses, such a thought popped out in
Kuromueina’s mind.

(This child’s very strong but... she isn’t making full use of her enormous magic
power. Does she have little experience fighting with all her magic power
released? If she could use that magic power perfectly, she’d be much stronger.)

As she was thinking about this, one of Kuromueina’s arms was cut off. However,
Kuromueina didn’t seem to be particularly bothered by this. Her arm that flew
off turned into black smoke, instantly regenerating her severed arm.

(...Amazing. I can’t make her move in the way I want to at all. She blocked all
my attacks, and she’s good at taking advantage of the moment... Hmmm. Does this
mean I still have some room for me to grow to huh? I think I’ll have to polish
my combat techniques more before I fight “the other me”...)

In the face of the girl’s desperate attacks, Kuromeina still had quite the
composure within her mind. The girl certainly had great combat techniques, and
she certainly overwhelms Kuromueina in terms of skill. However, that’s all there
is to it. In terms of power, speed, durability, and even the amount of magic
power, Kuromueina is far superior. If the girl was able to use her magic power
perfectly, she might have been able to tell. That at this point, there was no
possibility for Kuromueina to lose.

(...However, would it take me a considerably long time? Hmmm, it can’t be
helped... I didn’t want to use it if possible because it causes too much damage
to the surroundings but...)

She also had the option of waiting until the girl’s stamina or magic power runs
out. Even if she parries and evades all of Kuromueina’s attacks, it would
definitely be the girl who would fall to her knees first. But that would take a
really long time. Considering the amount of magic power the girl had, Kuromueina
estimates that it would take ten days before she collapses. And if she chooses
such a way, the damage would naturally spread. Therefore, Kuromueina chose
another method, which is “to become serious and fight her in a short-term
battle”. The knife that the girl swung sharply slipped through Kuromueina’s
body, and as the surroundings were enveloped in black smoke... a pair of golden
eyes opened in the darkness.

[Wha?!]

It was no wonder that the girl had stopped in her tracks. An opponent she had
been hopeless against a moment ago had her magic power increased twice... no,
dozens of times more.

Seeing Kuromueina’s change, the girl’s feet stopped for a moment... which is an
opportunity that Kuromueina didn’t let away, and in an instant, the black smoke
turned into a huge fist, slamming into the girl’s body.

[—?!]

Receiving the punch, the girl was so shocked that she couldn’t even speak, but
her mind was still thinking at high speed.

(Fast?! Heavy?! This is bad, I wasn’t able to disperse the impact... Oh no, this
feeling... for 0.1 or 0.2 seconds, I’ll lose consciousness...)

An opening of just a few tenths of seconds is fatal in this level of battle. As
soon as the girl had judged such a thing happening, the girl’s body, with its
vast amount of combat experience, began to act faster than she could think.
Pulling out a small ball from a pouch at her waist and throws it at Kuromueina
as her body is being blown away. As the small ball emitted light that spread out
in that dark space, the girl who was knocked to the ground was knocked
unconscious for a moment... and leaped faster than her flesh could even scream
out from the damage she received.

“...You really are amazing, aren’t you?”

[...here.]

“Unnn?”

[I’m not going to let myself die here!!! Now——Weave the world!
_Hekatonkheires_!]

Feeling Kuromueina’s overwhelming power with her body, the girl finally released
her greatest and strongest trump card. The ultimate form of her heart tool
_Hekatonkheires_... With her activation chant, the lights twirling around her
body like shooting stars were absorbed into the girl’s body. And as she took all
the light into her body—“the girl fell to her knees, spitting blood out of her
mouth”.

“...?”

[...Wh... y...]

It wasn’t that Kuromueina had done anything. The girl who was kneeling down on
the floor was dumbfounded, her eyes opened wide and she froze where she sat.

(Why? _Hekatonkheires_ won’t respond... I don’t feel my strength increasing.)

Yes, the reason why the girl fell to her knees was simple. It turned out that
the strongest trump card she had used “failed”. The girl had an expression of
disbelief, but after a little while, she seemed to have realized something... as
a sad smile appeared on her lips.

(...Ahh, I see... That’s right. I thought that no matter what name I call
myself, and no matter what I looked like... I would still be Alicia. But the
truth is that I’ve just been pretending to be oblivious about it for a long
time...)

The root of the girl’s power is her heart... the bonds she weaves are her power
and the foundation of how she became the hero who had overcome many
predicaments.

(My... Alicia’s heart... had already been broken... a long time ago.)

Looking back to the past, she had alays felt the signs. Even in the midst of
battle, she no longer had the feeling that “she could be as strong as she once
was, no matter how much she trained”. The girl’s heart was filled with holes as
she kept losing the people she cared about... and before she knew it, her heart
had been shattered, and only a small fragment remained.

(Then, this me who had arrived in this place... this me who just lives with a
broken heart... Who am I? I don’t know. I don’t know but... there’s one thing
that I know of.)

Staring at the golden eyes in the darkness, a single tear leaked out within her
eyes, her weakness apparent within it.

[...My bad... Iris... I couldn’t... keep my promise.]

Prepared to die, the girl lowered her head... but the killing strike that she
was waiting for didn’t come. Seeing that the girl had lost her will to fight,
Kuromueina returned to her young girl form and approached the girl, holding out
her hand.

[...Eh?]

[Come now, hold still. I’m going to use Recovery Magic on you.]

The girl stared in disbelief at Kuromueina, who was treating her wounds with a
faint smile on her lips. After Kuromueina finished healing her wounds, the girl
quietly asked.

[...Why didn’t you kill me?]

[There are many reasons. Like how I never wanted to kill you in the first place,
or like how I didn’t know what exactly was going on earlier... but I guess the
greatest reason for that is... unnn. I’m just thinking that if “you’re crying
while thinking of someone special to you, then you shouldn’t die yet”, I guess?]

[...]

Listening to the words Kuromueina said with a gentle smile on her face, the girl
was silent for a moment, before she sat down on the ground and looked up at the
sky.

[Ah\~\~ I lost. I totally lost. You’ve defeated me... Boil me, grill me, do
whatever you want.]

Perhaps, the fact the her tone had naturally changed to a respectful one may be
an indication of her awareness that she is no longer the hero... she is no
longer Alicia. Anyway, the girl stopped resisting and decided to leave the
decision to Kuromueina. Seeing the girl acting like that, Kuromueina wryly
smiled and calmly spoke.

[...Then, how about you tell me your situation? Ah, but before that, I guess
I’ll introduce myself. I’m Kuromueina, what’s your name?]

[...My name... huh...]

Hearing her question, the girl looked like she was thinking for a bit. She
doesn’t want to use her former name, Alicia, anymore. The heart of hero Alicia
had already been shattered, and the being living in this world now is just a
fragment of her former self...

[Unnn? Could it be that you don’t have a name? Then, I’ll give you one!]

[...]

[How about “Drei”?]

[...Hmmm, let’s see. I guess I’ll call myself Shalltear.]

Shalltear... In the language of the world where the girl was from, it means “a
fragment of illusion”. Yes, holding the meaning that current confidence she have
is just a fragment of a dream... an illusion held by the hero named Alicia, she
named herself this.

[...Shalltear? Eh? What about the name Drei that I thought of?]

[No way, I don’t want to be called a “tacky name” like that...]

[T-Tacky?!]

[Kuromueina-san... Kuro-san, you don’t have a very good naming sense huh?]

[I don’t?!]

Looking at the the shocked Kuromueina, the girl... Shalltear finally smiled, for
the first time since arriving in this world.

---

After Kuromueina finished talking with her, Shalltear put on a mask she had
taken out of nowhere and followed Kuromueina’s lead. After hearing what happened
from Kuromueina, Ein and the others became less cautious to some extent, and
Shalltear was brought into the house where Kuromueina and the others were
staying.

[Well\~\~ I apologize for the trouble I caused earlier. I’m sorry. Well, in my
defense, your side were the first one to direct your killing intent towards
me... though I guess let’s just let bygones be bygones and say that both sides
are at fault. I’ve already let the matter go. Ahh, excuse me, cake refills
please!]

Dumbfounded... They stared at Shalltear with such an expression on their faces
as she stuffed her face with one cake after another. Seeing Shalltear being so
relaxed at their home, making it hard to believe that they had killed each other
just a few minutes ago, they didn’t know what to do with her. Kuromueina, the
one they could consult what to do about, looks like they she had experience
something shocking though, as she had shrunk in a corner of the room, muttering
about her “having great sense” or something.

[Once again, my name is Shalltear. I will be in your care... Ah, I don’t want
the care of that gorilla over there though.]

[Ahh?]

[I mean, what the heck is with that vulgar gorilla... A pet? He’s a pet, right?
Kuro-san, I can understand if you want to keep that hundred-feet lizard as a
pet, but keeping gorillas isn’t a thing anywhere, you know... Where the heck
could you find anyone who would want to keep a gorilla as a pet...]

“L-Lizard?”

It seems that Shalltear is aware that Megiddo is the one who directed his
killing intent towards her, as she speaks to Megiddo in a very sharp manner. Of
course, the short-tempered Megiddo almost boils over immediately, but he is
aware that he is the cause of this problem, so he stifles his anger and
responds.

[Y-You bastard, just because I’m silently listening, you’re yapping all you
want... Listen here, my name is...]

[Ahh\~\~ No, it’s alright. I’m not interested. It’s probably just some stupid
name like Gorilla Gorilla or Gorilion, right?]

[Ahh? You wanna fight, midget?!]

However, the hot-blooded Megiddo could only hold himself back once. However,
Shalltear’s eyebrows twitched when she heard Megiddo call her midget.

[Ahh? Oi, barbarian swine. What did you just say?]

[I said, you wanna fight?! Midget!!!]

[...You’ve said it twice huh? Fight? Yeah, if you want to fight, I’ll give you a
fight, you freaking muscle daruma. Reluctant I may be, I guess I’ll discipline
Kuro-san’s pet in her stead huh?]

[...Bring it on!]

Both Megiddo and Shalltear stood up from their chairs at the same time. Megiddo
and Shalltear then closed the distance and was about to begin fighting, Megiddo
with his fists and Shalltear with her knives... but before their strikes could
reach the other person, both of their heads were smacked by Kuromueina.

[Gyaaahhhh?!]

[Guoooohhh?!]

[...No fighting.]

[ [ ...I-I’m sorry. ] ]

Hearing Kuromueina’s calm words, Megiddo and Shalltear obediently retreated to
their sides. After that, both of them looked a little uncomfortable... but after
a few moments, Shalltear spoke.

[...Y-Your name?]

[Ahhn?]

[Your name, I said. Name. I’ll remember it for Kuro-san’s sake, so tell me your
name.]

[...It’s Megiddo.]

[Megiddo-san then.]

[And you’re Shalltear, right? You’re from another world?]

[Yeah.]

With Kuromueina’s mediation, the two have a somewhat awkward conversation... but
even thought it was a little, their quarrel brought them a bit closer...

[...Is that why you’re dressed so weirdly?]

[...Huh? Weird? Which part of me is weird?]

[No, I can understand how your clothing is different, but what I’m talking about
is that mask... Do people from another world dress strangely like you?]

[Haahhh\~\~ For you to not understand how cool my get-up is, you’re really no
good, aren’t you? Well, I guess I shouldn’t expect any aesthetic sense from a
musclehead like Megiddo-san huh?]

[...Ahh?]

A tense atmosphere flowed between the two again. Shalltear, who speaks in a way
that agitates others, and Megiddo, who says exactly what he thinks... They’re
completely incompatible with each other. Moreover, Megiddo is easily provoked,
so in a sense, it’s inevitable that a fight will develop between them.

[No, no, you don’t have to worry about it. Different outfits suit different
people. I think something like hide skirts or cudgels suit Megiddo-san, you
know? It stupidly suits you well.]

[...Ahh, I see. I guess a wacko like you would know if such strange outfits
would suit someone huh...]

[Hahaha, Megiddo-san is quite funny, aren’t you\~\~]

[You’re also a pretty great fellow...]

Both of them are smiling, but their eyes aren’t smiling at all.

[Ahahaha...]

[Fuhahaha!]

[ [ I’ll freaking kill you!!! ] ]

[...You both want to get hit again?]

When Megiddo and Shalltear heard that silent, but clear mutter... The both of
the immediately stopped moving, and after Megiddo transformed into a human form,
the both of them firmly shook hands with each other.

[Well\~\~ It seems like Megiddo-san will get along with each other. I will be in
your care from now on.]

[Yeah. I’ve never seen someone as interesting as Shalltear before. I know I’ll
learn a lot around you.]

The two shook hands so firmly that their grips would have been strong enough to
crush a lump of iron to pieces... and they did such a thing with smiles on their
faces. Seeing the two of them, Kuromueina nodded her head in satisfaction before
speaking.

[Yes, that’s great. Shalltear is going to be part of our family now, so we
should get along well.]

[...Wha?! I-Is that how it is?]

[No, to be honest, this is also the first time I’ve heard of this. I wonder
where she got that idea from? How strange... Well, whatever!]

[You’re too easygoing, oi. You stupid or what?]

[I don’t have anywhere to go after all\~\~ Even though I don’t feel like having
a pet gorilla, it looks like I will have fun around here.]

As sparks flew between Megiddo and Shalltear again, the both of them talked to
each other with bright smile on their faces.

[Ohh, that’s right! Shalltear, after we eat... how about we go for a walk to
deepen our friendship?]

[Ahh\~\~ That sounds great. Let’s go somewhere together! I’d like to go
somewhere as wide and empty as possible though.]

[Ohh, leave it to me! I’m familiar with this area after all... I know a good
place “where you can crush trash as much as you want”!]

[That’s very helpful\~\~ I’m not familiar with the geography regarding this
area... so it saves me the trouble of “having to look for a place to bury a
gorilla’s corpse”.]

From a distance, they looked like close friends laughing with each other... but
in fact, it was as if Hannyas were materializing behind their backs. Ein and the
others were aware of this too, and even though they had a dumbfounded look on
their faces, only Kuromueina looked satisfied, mistakenly thinking that the two
of them had really become friends.

“...It seems like another person with a thick character joined the family huh.”

“Yes, my head hurts just thinking about the future.”

[...I’m glad... that the family increased... Ahh... Ein... tea please...]

[And you’re also going at your own pace huh. Yes, here you go.]

[...Thank you.]

And like that, an eccentric girl from another world... Shalltear joins
Kuromueina’s family. Thanks to her advanced combat techniques, the fighting
ability of the Six Kings as a group later improved but... other than that, with
her appearance, the nature of the Demon Realm itself was about to undergo a
major change.

---

In the corner of the Demon Realm, a huge house... which can already be called a
castle stands, where powerful Demons live as a family. Sitting on its roof, a
girl clad in a black robe which makes her face obscure from the sight of
others... Shalltear was absentmindedly looking at the night sky, lost in her
thoughts. Since she came to this world and became a member of Kuromueina’s
family... Several hundred years have passed. In that time, many things have
happened, such as the increase in members of Kuromueina’s family and their
invasion of the God Realm. It’s not that she’s unhappy with her life here.
Regardless of how her relationship with them had started, she now have a certain
amount of affection for her family, and she’s grateful to Kuromueina for that.
But even if that’s so... Shalltear’s heart was still dreadfully empty.

The reason for this is simple... As her name implies, Shalltear perceives
herself as nothing more than a fragment. She knew that she was a fragment of an
illusion that a girl named Alicia once had. She was but a fragment embodying her
Alicia’s desire to fulfill her best friend’s wish, and that this was all she
had. She’ll fufill her best friend’s wish, and then die... This was the only
absolute within Shalltear’s shattered heart. It’s not that she’s dissatisfied
with her life here... However, she isn’t afraid to cutting down this life if she
feels like it is getting in the way of her goals. She have a certain amount of
affection for her family... but she wouldn’t hesitate to cut off their necks if
it’s necessary. She’s feeling grateful to Kuromueina... but she doesn’t have
blind faith in her unlike the rest of the family. At best, she would try to help
her out if she can, but that’s about it.

Shalltear’s only concern is to carry out her own goals... That’s the only thing
that her shattered heart can cling on to. She want to fulfill her best friend’s
wish and die soon. That’s the only thing that had always been in her mind, but
ironically, it hasn’t progressed in hundreds of years. She was so aware that she
used ti be human that she couldn’t see non-humans as love interest... No, it’s
more correct to say that looking at a non-human as a love interest
subconsciously made her felt like she’s “compromising” instead. But ironically,
she was unaware of this and was frutstrated that no one met her ideal.

As she gazed at the starry skies for a while to calm her frustration and
impatience... she suddenly heard a voice.

[Shalltear, what are you doing in this place?]

[...Megiddo-san. Well, I’m just thinking for a bit.]

As the humanized Megiddo appeared on the roof, Shalltear let out a small sigh
and moved her gaze from beneath her robe.

[...Megiddo-san, what do you think of the current Demon Realm?]

[Ahhn? What are you talking about?]

[The weak becomes prey and the strong survives, the devious and the strong fill
their pockets, while the pure and the weak hide and cower, or fall under their
control. Every day, skirmishes occur here and there, and many lives are lost...
I just can’t like the current Demon Realm.]

[...Fumu.]

As she spoke in an indifferent tone, Shalltear took out two cups out of nowhere
and threw one of them to Megiddo. After making sure that Megiddo took it and sat
down next to her, she took out a bottle of alcohol. As she poured some into her
cup, she spoke.

[What about you, Megiddo-san? Is the current Demon Realm a nice place for you
who likes to fight?]

[No, I don’t like the current Demon Realm either...]

[Oya? That’s quite unexpected. I thought you were going to say “Fighting is in
my blood” or something...]

When Megiddo spoke over a cup of alcohol, Shalltear replied, sounding a bit
surprised.

[You’re right, I do like to fight. I also like seeking for strong people. But
strength isn’t just about fighting power, right? However, there is only one kind
of strength necessary to live in the current Demon Realm... Combat ability. A
Demon Realm where only combat ability matters is boring.]

[I see... Then, Megiddo-san, do you think that order is necessary in the Demon
Realm?]

[That’s what I think... but it will be difficult. Things that have been built
for a really long time is unlikely to change... Well, that’s unless Kuromueina
finally takes her throne as the leader of the Demon Realm, but that’s not going
to happen, right?]

[Kuro-san is kind and overly optimisic about things after all. It’s unlikely
that she’ll try to rule the Demon Realm by force.]

The strongest being in this world is undoubtedly Kuromueina. However, for better
or for worse, she is just too kind. She accepts even the current state of the
Demon Realm and watches it over, and she herself will not make any move that
would bring any change to the Demon Realm. So, it was necessary for someone
other than Kuromueina to make that change. Megiddo has known Shalltear for quite
a long time and as they often fight on a daily basis, he knows her personality
to a certain extent. Megiddo sensed the determination from Shalltear, who
indifferently said that without any jokes or teasing at all... and gulping down
his drink, he muttered to himself.

[...Shalltear... What are you planning?]

[Yes, to be honest, the way the Demon Realm is now is getting in the way of my
purpose. I’ve been trying to simulate various methods to achieve this, and it’s
starting to take shape... and I’m planning to make my move soon.]

[...I don’t get it.]

[Unnn? What are you talking about?]

[I don’t know how you’re going to do that, but I’m sure you’ll do it well... but
then, why are you that “impatient”?]

[...]

Megiddo, who somehow sensed Shalltear’s impatience, asked, but Shalltear didn’t
answer. Megiddo didn’t say anything more though, and they stayed like that,
drinking within that moment of silence... until Shalltear spoke.

[...Your wild intuition is something to be reckoned with huh. Hey, Megiddo-san.
Can I ask you something?]

[What?]

[I... am working hard to die. If I wanted quickly achieve my goals so that I
could finally die... what do you think?]

[Ahhn? Nothing much. If you want to die, go right ahead. If that’s a
satisfactory ending for you, I don’t care. At that time, I’ll just bring a
bottle of alcohol to your grave.]

[...Gorilla-san.]

[Oiii!]

When Megiddo nonchalantly told her that she can do whatever she wants, Shalltear
couldn’t help but smile. She then took off the hood that was covering her face,
poured some alcohol into her cup and drank it all at once. Seeing Shalltear like
that, a smile also appeared on Megiddo’s lips... “and turned back into his true
form, a form that only three other people in this world knows”.

[Uwaahhh?! The heck is that?!]

[It’s not like I pestered you to tell me, but I’ve learned one of your secrets.
Don’t tell anyone about this, okay? I really hate this form.]

[...For a gorilla to turn into a beautiful woman, what kind of third-rate
fantasy is this... Well, I guess the world is full of wonders huh.]

Seeing Megiddo’s true form, as exepected, even Shalltear was taken aback,
surprise evident on her face. Even so, it’s just like her to exclaim things in
an exaggerated manner. Looking dumbfounded at Shalltear’s reaction, Megiddo
filled his... her own cup and lightly clinks her cup with Shalltear.

[I’ll say this once again, don’t tell this to anyone.]

[Yes, yes. Then, I guess what happened today is just a secret...]

[Yeah... Well, I don’t know what you’re going to do, but do your best not to
regret it.]

[...Roger that.]

There was a certain calmness in the air, the kind that only comes from people
who are in good terms with each other. Basking themselves within such an
atmosphere, the two of them drank their sake.

[...If the world becomes at peace... If the world becomes a place where everyone
could laugh with each other, holding each other’s hands, what would you do,
Megiddo-san?]

[Let’s see... I guess I’ll gather subordinates and train them to be stronger.]

[Fuuu, Instructor Gorilla huh... Ahaha, that doesn’t suit you at all\~\~]

[You bitch... Do you have to make fun of me every time you open your damned
mouth?!]

[What, you want to be called that instead? Teacher Gorilla huh... Ahahaha, that
sounds stupid... Ah, I’m sorry, I guess that’s really rude of me huh!]

[Fine, you bastard! Let me kill you myself!]

Seeing Shalltear laughing her head off, Megiddo finally snaps. It seems like
today too, the conversation between the two developed into a fight... and they
were both severely scolded by Kuromueina, who rushed to the scene after hearing
the commotion they’re causing. In a way, it could be said that the two of them
were the same as usual.

(...To be honest, I envy him... her though. That’s no good for me. Even when I
think of the future where the world is at peace... where my best friend’s wish
is fulfilled... I just can’t imagine myself laughing with everyone. Unless an
extraordinary miracle happens... No, let’s not have strange expectations. The
day when I can truly laugh with happiness from the bottom of my heart... will
probably never come again...)

---

A huge mansion built on a low hill.

In one of the rooms, Shalltear was looking down at the owner of the mansion who
had become a silent slab of flesh with her cold eyes. This slab of flesh before
her... was the flesh of a power Demon and the boss of the Demons living in this
area. And coincidentally, he was a being that is unnecessary for the orderly
Demon Realm that Shalltear was trying to create. Having decided to bring order
to the Demon Realm, Shalltear begun to move in earnest and was trying to achieve
her two priorities. The first is to get rid with the beings that only fatten
their pockets, and those beasts who rage as they will... to clean up the trash
that disturbs the Demon Realm, and the Demon that she hadd just eliminated this
time falls under this category. This Demon was extremely cruel, attacking and
destroying the settlements of weaker species and those species that didn’t
follow his rule, torturing the inhabitants he had kidnapped in extremely brutal
ways until they die. Therefore, Shalltear killed this Demon and all of his
followers wthout question.

She could have just wiped out the whole place, together with the corpses and all
the traces of what happened here... Before she left, Shalltear went to the
basement of the mansion for his other priority. Her second priority is to gather
subordinates that would be her hands and feet. No matter how powerful Shalltear
is, it is difficult for a single person to establish her roots in the entirety
of the vast Demon Realm. Loyal subordinates who would work as her eyes and
ears... that’s what she’s seeking for in the basement.

The basement beneath the mansion is the torture chamber where the Demons that
Shalltear had killed torment their preys to their heart’s contents. And that
room was filled with the stench of blood. There were bloody torture victims
haphazardly littered here and there, while some battered bodies lay at the edge
of the room, reeking of decay. If it were a normal person, they would have gone
crazy seeing such a sight, but Shalltear looked unmoved.

[Hmmm, I guess this time’s a miss too huh? They’re all either dead or
broken-minded dolls... I guess these are just idiots who didn’t know how to hold
back when torturing people huh. Good grief, it ended up being a waste of
time—Oya?]

[...]

When she couldn’t find anyone sane enough for her to pick up, Shalltear almost
let out a sigh, but then, she spotted a Demon in one corner of the room. It was
a young girl tied in chains... Seeing her eyes, which were being dyed in
gloominess but hadn’t lost their light, Shalltear smiled.

For this girl, this place was hell. One day, the village where she lived was
suddenly attacked. All of those who fought were killed, and those who stayed
behind are in this house... and brought into this hellish room. There was no one
left of her own kind, and all of them died in front of her eyes after being
tortured that made her want to cover her eyes. The only reason why she is still
alive is because of her beauty. Of course, she was subjected to many tortures.
However, she wasn’t tortured to the point of death like the others. The Demons
of this mansion, with their twisted fetishes, couldn’t help but love to watch
the as the beautiful girl’s expression turn into despair. That’s why only the
girl was kept alive in this hell.

The hell that seemed to go on forever though... was suddenly wiped out one day
by a single Demon.

[...Heehhh... This peculiar shadows beneath your eyes... You’re a Hell Nightmare
huh. Oya? “One of your eyes” had been gouged out huh. Ahh, come to think of it,
I did hear someone say that the eyeball of a Hell Nightmare can be used to make
a powerful elixir, didn’t I?]

[...]

When the girl first saw the robed Demon who speaks in a cheerful tone
disproportionate to the torture chamber... “Who in the world is this Demon?” was
the first thought that popped out in her mind, which was something that was
perfectly normal to question.

[Ahh, right, right. I’ve already killed all the Demons in the mansion.]

[ ?! ]

The girl’s only remaining eye widened in astonishment at those words, which were
said as if she was just making small talk, but her expression quickly changed to
one of understanding. The magic power that Shalltear wears is so powerful that
even a girl with no particular combat experience can tell that she is out of the
ordinary. She can certainly understand that the robed Demon would be able to
easily eliminate those Demons with her power.

[And with that, luck is on your side. You can leave this place and be free, you
know?]

[...]

She’s free from this hell... When she heard those words and understood their
meaning, what welled up from within her mind... was an inexplicable discomfort.
She should have wished for the end of this hell. She should have hoped to be
free. But now, the girl felt no relief. All that’s left are muddy and dark
emotions...

Seeing the girl’s reaction, Shalltear deeply smiles from beneath her robe, as if
to say that it was just as she had expected.

[...Frustrating, isn’t it?]

[...Eh?]

[Do you hate the Demons that did this to you? Do you hate your tribe for not
protecting you? Do you hate me for coming to your rescue after everything has
already happened? Or perhaps... Do you hate yourself... “for not being able to
kill that Demon yourself”, for being so weak that you don’t have any choice but
to give in to their unreasonable violence?]

[...]

When she heard Shalltear’s tears words that seems to agitate her... she
understood the black emotions that had arisen in her heart. Yes, the girl was so
frustrated that “she couldn’t destroy this hell with her own hands” and that
“she couldn’t kill those abominable Demons”. Just as Shalltear said... She
couldn’t help hating her weak self.

[...I hate it.]

[I bet you do.]

[I hate myself for being weak! I hate myself for not being able to fight! I hate
myself for not killing him! That fucking piece of shit!!!]

[...Those are good eyes you have. Magnificent.]

...The girl fits Shalltear’s criterias. Her mind held madness within it, but
clenching her teeth, she doesn’t let the madness control her actions. The less
mindful they are, the easier it is imprint your ideals within them. And it makes
it easier for them to be dependent on you.

[...Do you want power?]

[...Yes. I want power.]

[Fine, if you wish for power, then I will train you! In exchange...]

[Guhh?!]

Unhooding herself, Shalltear hooks her finger into the collar around the girl’s
neck, pulling her closer. The girl screams in pain at the shock, but Shalltear
didn’t care, staring into the girl’s single eye as she speaks.

[You will be my hand. You will be my feet... You will by my eyes and ears, and
you will serve me with everything you have.]

[...]

[If you do so, I will give you the power you desire. From the one being deprived
of, you can be the one depriving others. Now, what will you do?]

[...]

The words of solicitation from an overwhelmingly powerful person spread through
the girl’s mind like poison. The Absolute, who had so easily shattered the hell
she had been placed in... was telling her “to become hers”... At that moment, an
unbearable feeling of pleasure rushed through the girl’s mind. Within the girl’s
distorted mind... She was convinced that she was born to be ruled by this
person.

[I will do as you will. As your subordinate... I offer to you my undying
loyalty...]

She found herself spontaneously saying those words. Thereupon, the chains that
bound the girl shattered, freeing her limbs. However, the girl didn’t move from
her spot even a step. After all, her master hadn’t given her any instructions
yet... Turning her back on the girl, Shalltear spoke to the girl as she walks
out of the room.

[My name is Shalltear... Remember it. Well then, let’s go. You are... “Pandora”.
From now on, you are to call yourself that.]

[Yes, everything as Shalltear-sama wills...]

The moment Shalltear gave her a name, the girl readily forgot her past name. As
if to show that it was no longer necessary and she would never use it again...
She gave it up as if it was a matter of course. Then, she stood up and followed
Shalltear’s instructions. With intense madness in her eyes, containing
bottomless loyalty within it...

At that moment though, Shalltear herself wasn’t aware that her actions had lead
to a complete miscalculation, the awakening of Pandora’s sexual fetishes that
the person herself had not even realized. Moreover, her experience in the hell
of being tormented by trashy Demons fused together with her natural inclination
of tormenting others in the worst way possible... giving birth to an incredibly
perverted person, both being very sadistic and very masochistic, which would
greatly perplex Shalltear later.

---

Near the center of the Demon Realm, six Demons were gathered in a powerful
specially prepared for them. At the center of the discussion between these
Demons, whose strengths were all near the top of the Demon Realm, is a girl...
Shalltear.

[...And with that, it’s pretty much just as what was written on the documents.]

Shalltear was talking about the documents she handed out prior to this
discussion. Only Magnawell wasn’t able to read what was written on the documents
due to his size, so Shalltear had to read it aloud and explained it to him. And
now, other than Shalltear, the five people gathered here... have stunned
expression on their faces, frantically trying to understand what Shalltear had
said. The contents of this document contains what can be called as a major
reform of the Demon Realm... There are a wide range of changes, which also
includes the means on how to achieve this change, but the two biggest changes
written on it was the clarification of power in terms of rank and the selection
of the king that would be the center of the Demon Realm. Looking at the
documents, they can already assum why Shalltear gathered the five of them in
this place. But even so... they still couldn’t believe it. Even the normally
calm Ein couldn’t hide her astonishment.

However, that astonishment isn’t about “whether or not what was written here can
be achieved”. They were astonished by how they felt that the current Shalltear
“would definitely be able to achieve this”. It’s been about a hundred years
since Shalltear started working to reform the Demon Realm... Yes, in just a
hundred years, Shalltear had gained enough power to be able to take root in the
entirety of the vast Demon Realm. The people Shalltear directly invited to join
her group became the upper echelons, who then added more people to their ranks.
And so, after a hundred years, the number of subordinates Shalltear had was
already close to a billion. Furthermore, most of the beings that could have
interfered with her plans have left this world. Yes, to put it in another way,
Shalltear have seized the vast magical world in just a hundred years. Thinking
about Shalltear’s peculiar... or perhaps, demonic ability to achieve such a
thing, Ein and the others shuddered.

[Well, I’m sure you’ve already guessed what I’m going to say, but I want all of
you to become kings. Including Kuro-san, I guess we’ll call ourselves the “Seven
Kings” eh? I’ll negotiate with Kuro-san, so I hope all of you will positively
consider it.]

No one responded to Shalltear’s words. Their minds couldn’t keep up with what’s
happening at all. In such a situation... It was Lillywood who finally managed to
squeeze out her words.

“...Shalltear... How many Demons have you killed?”

[I dunno? I don’t remember how many trash I dispose of.]

“...You...”

Words that are spoken too nonchalantly... Words that make one feel like she
doesn’t care about the lives of others... Thinking about how Shalltear would be
willing to commit genocide if it was the most efficient way to achieve her
goals, Lillywood’s eyes were filled with fear.

[Well, it’s not like I’m in a hurry to receive your answers. I’ll go ahead and
instill the concept of High-ranked Demons in the mind of others first... By the
time I finished doing that, you should be able to think well about it. Well, I
don’t think it will take more than a year doing that though.]

Leaving those words, Shalltear disappeared. The people remaining in that area...
went through their thoughts in silence. Except for Ein, who later refused,
saying that “she would be Kuromueina’s servant for her whole life”, everyone,
including Kuromueina, accepted Shalltear’s proposal. But unfortunately,
Shalltear is unaware of Kuromueina’s wishes at this point, and as a result, she
feels guilty when she realized that her decision to establish Kuromueina, the
person she owes so much, as a King had hurt Kuromueina’s emotions... but that’s
a story for another time.

---

Their encounter was just a coincidence. Lillywood, who was feeling inexplicably
uneasy after witnessing Shalltear’s unfathomable eeriness, met an eccentric
person near her house.

“...You are, if I’m not mistaken... Pandora, right?”

[If it isn’t Lillywood-sama. Good day.]

Pandora, Shalltear’s retainer, was personally trained by Shalltear, and she was
one of the people who carries out Shalltear’s orders in various parts of the
Demon Realm. Because of this, she rarely come to the house where Lillywood and
the others lived, and they never talked to each other much. All Lillywood knew
was that Pandora was the closest confidant Shalltear had, and that she had lost
one of her eyes in the past. However, was it because she’s Shalltear’s
confidant, and that’s why she made such a decision? Lillywood, as if her actions
were guided by an unseen hand, took a certain action.

“...If I remember correctly, weren’t you missing one of your eyes?”

[Yes, I lost it a long time ago... What of it?]

“If you want, you can have this... If you eat this fruit, it will heal back your
missing eye.”

[...]

Lillywood handed Pandora the Fruit of the World Tree, which heals all wounds
except those that the person themselves doesn’t want to heal. Lillywood herself
didn’t know exactly why she had suddenly taken such action. Did she simply want
to heal the painful wounds of someone she knew, or did she want Pandora to feel
grateful to her so that she could somehow get information about Shalltear, or
perhaps... Because she was getting so creeped out by Shalltear, she want to
diminish the unspeakable anxiety she’s feeling, even though it may be
indirectly, by confirming that Pandora, whom she has taken under her wing, is a
normal person...

Pandora stared at the Fruit of the World Tree handed to her for a while, and
then, without any particular hesitation, she brought it into her mouth.

[...Thank you very much for your concern, Lillywood-sama.]

“No, please don’t mind it. Even though we haven’t had much chance to talk with
each other, I still consider you as part of our family—Eh?”

Lillywood was relieved that Pandora had obediently accepted her generosity, and
tried to calmly tell her they’re family with a gentle smile but... the relief
she felt was soon shattered. After all, Pandora, whose lost right eye was
healed, without any hesitations... “gouged out her right eye with her own
hand”...

“W-What are you... What are you doing?!”

[...Ahh, with this, I finally feel perfect...]

“...Eh?”

Seeing what Pandora sudden actions, Lillywood exclaimed in astonishment, but she
stiffened when she saw the deep smile that Pandora had immediately afterwards.

[The wounds that trash has given me has finally disappeared... “and I’ve also
finished crushing the right eye that Lillywood-sama gave me”. With this, my body
is entirely “composed of only the things given to me by Shalltear-sama”! Ahh,
how wonderful! Now, my body, my soul, my everything! All of it now belongs to
Shalltear-sama! Ahh... This happiness... I feel so happy... as if I’m about to
climax.]

“...Wha...”

[Thank you very much, Lillywood-sama... Now, I can truly and completely be
“Shalltear-sama’s servant”. I thank you from the bottom of my heart.]

“......”

Lillywood had no idea what the being in front of her was talking about. She
couldn’t understand what Pandora was thinking when she stomped out her gouged
out right eye, blood flowing down her face and smiling like a mad woman.
Watching Pandora’s back as she deeply bowed and left, Lillywood looked pale as
she muttered.

“...Servant? Shalltear... What did you do to Pandora... For you... is that your
ideal soldier?”

Her voice reaching no one’s ears, her voice slightly trembled as she muttered.
At this time, Lillywood clearly felt that Shalltear was terrifying. She had
raised a subordinate with a loyalty that could even be perceived as madness. She
was too rational and cold-hearted that she would want beings who would willingly
die for her... Thinking of Shalltear as such a person, Lillywood became afraid
of her from the bottom of her heart.

Incidentally... This was just Lillywood’s complete misunderstanding. Among
Shalltear’s subordinates, the only one who had this outrageous amount of loyalty
is Pandora. In fact, even Shalltear is holding her head at Pandora’s loyalty,
wondering how the heck did it came to this. But to Lillywood, who didn’t know
about this, it was as if Shalltear had intentionally raised Pandora to a mad
woman. It was going to take her a really long time before she can clear up this
misunderstanding.

Just like that, despite some miscalculations and misunderstandings, things
proceeded generally as Shalltear had envisioned... and five years later, the
“Six Kings” has been established as the pinnacle of the Demon Realm. With her
demonic skills, Shalltear took control of the Demon Realm... calling herself the
nameless king, the Phantasmal King, No Face, she finally began to move towards
her true goal. However, her plans had only managed to get her this far... and
Shalltear’s true purpose hasn’t progressed until an astonishing amount of years
later passed... and the otherworlder Miyama Kaito appeared.

---

Thinking about it again... I might have been wrong from the start. When I came
to this world, I admitted that my heart was shattered and I became a fragment of
an illusion. I had become a being who only thinks about fulfilling Iris’ wish so
that she can finally die...

Whether it’s the reformation of the Demon Realm or the increase in my
subordinates... All of it was for myself, not for anyone else. I was really only
thinking about myself at that time. No, I guess it’s correct to say that “I
wasn’t even properly thinking about myself” at that time. Looking at the me from
the past, I had understood. I was trying to fall in love in order to fulfill
Iris’ wish and die. Instead of “falling in love with someone for the sake of
loving them”, I was trying to complete the task of “falling in love and dying”.

...There was no way I could afford to fall in love with a mind that only had a
desire for my own ruin. At that time though, I didn’t even realize something so
simple. I was just getting more and more impatient and frustrated about
fulfilling this task. In the first place, I probably didn’t even allow anyone to
enter my heart. Always putting up walls around my heart, I never allowed anyone
to see what’s within it... I had become quite the hikikomori back then. I guess
when you’ve been a mourning woman for hundreds of thousands of years, there must
be something wrong in my head.

Realizing the reason why my objectives weren’t achieved... made me think that my
encounter with Kaito-san was truly a miraculous one. Frankly speaking, I didn’t
see Kaito-san as love interest when I first saw him. The reason why I contacted
him wasn’t for myself, it was truly just to “repay Kuro-san’s kindness towards
me”. I had always felt guilty about Kuro-san. Even though I didn’t know it at
that time, my choice had interfered with the fulfillment of Kuro-san’s wish. I
owed a debt of gratitude to Kuro-san for picking me up, and I had been looking
for an opportunity to repay it. That’s why, I overlooked Kuro-san’s rare
instance of selfishness. And to help ensure the best possible outcome for
Kuro-san, I got in touch with Kaito-san. Playing the role of Alice...

Kaito-san met many people in this world, his heart became stronger, made friends
with the Six Kings, and overcame the tragedy of being betrayed by a person he
thought was his friend... After gaining more strength, he will then challenge
the depths hidden beneath Kuro-san’s heart. That was the scenario I wrote... not
for myself, but for Kuro-san.

...I confess. I had set up about a third of the people Kaito-san had met before
he challenged the depths within Kuro-san’s heart. I knew that Isis-san is
approaching from her magic power... so I “adjusted the time so that they would
encounter each other on his way home”. As for Megiddo-san and Magnawell-san, I
guess I don’t have to talk about how I told them again... but I was also the one
who tickled Fate-san’s interest, telling her about Kaito-san. It’s all for the
purpose of repaying my debt to Kuro-san...

Yes, meeting Kaito-san was the only time I moved and thought not for myself, but
for Kuro-san. In hindsight, I guess that was probably the most important key
point for me. Normally, I would have only been impatiently thinking about
falling in love so I could die already, but I didn’t see Kaito-san as a love
interest at all... The fact that I was going to concentrate on that until
Kuro-san’s matter was resolved worked out nicely for me.

...Yes, at the time I first met Kaito-san... I think my heart had opened up a
bit. That’s why... Kaito-san’s image overlapped with Iris. At that time, I felt
really strange. When I was talking with Kaito-san, instead of thinking that I
should smile, I foud myself naturally smiling... “Ahh, smiling was supposed to
be like this, wasn’t it?”, feeling nostalgic, that was the thought that popped
out of my mind. We chatted about trivila things, laughed about trivial things,
scolded for trivial things... I started to lose track of myself more and more.

I felt like the actor in the scenario to make Kuro-san’s wish come true... the
person named Alice was becoming bigger and bigger in my mind. At the same time,
little by little... It’s really just little by little, but it feels like my
broken heart is being repaired... and I was beginning to remember what it felt
like “to care about someone”. And then, while I was feeling confused,
remembering things I should have forgotten... that decisive event occurred.

---

[Kaito-san, you’re barking up the wrong tree here. Don’t direct your grudge at
me. This is just my job. Besides, you and I are just friends... It’s not like
we’re family or lovers, that is only the extent of our relationship.]

[...Yeah, you’re right...]

This is fine. This is where Alice, the traitor who betrayed Kaito-san,
disappears. There are a few directions where the situation can develop to, but
if Kaito-san wants to, I could also prepare Alice’s fake corpse and bring it to
him as the Phantasmal King. Yes, this was the scenario that was decided right
from the start. Kaito-san would get shocked after being betrayed by someone he
thought of as a friend, and Kuro-san will be by his side, gently comforting his
wounded heart. Then, his feelings for Kuro will be strengthened with this event,
and he will grow a lot as a person by overcoming this experience... That is what
I’ve been preparing for all these times. I’ve also ensured that my subordinates
are lurking around the perimeter, making sure that Kaito-san doesn’t get hurt in
any way.

There shouldn’t have... been a problem... but why does my heart hurt so much...
I’m sure I’ve done more outrageous things in the past, but what is with this
discomfort I’m feeling? I can’t breathe, I can’t look at Kaito-san’s face
anymore...

[Well then, I’ll be going home\~\~]

Trying hard to control my trembling heart, I say goodbye to Kaito-san with a
tone as light as possible. This will do... Kaito-san and I are just friends...
Nothing more, nothing less. This is how it was supposed to be...

[...Alice.]

[What is it?]

Why is it that I stopped in my tracks? “Alice” will no longer appear in front of
Kaito-san. From now on, it will just be “Phantasmal King, No Face” that will be
in contact with Kaito-san, so I could have just ignore him then...

[...Don’t quickly waste all your money this time.]

[...I’ll think about it.]

...Why did you say that? Please stop, don’t confuse me any more... I betrayed
your trust, didn’t I? Wrapped in unspeakable emotions, I opened the door of the
room and left, looking at Kaito-san’s face a little as I closed it. Kaito-san...
He had a troubled, yet very kind smile on his face. As if what happened today
couldn’t be helped...

As I leaned against the door I had just closed, I finally understood what I was
feeling. Ahh, I see, I finally understood... I “wanted to be Alice” huh. It was
supposed to be a character that would be disposed off after the climax happens,
but before I knew it, Alice had become “the new me”. And then, Kaito-san... he
would also... want it like that, wouldn’t he? I have come to understand that...
although it may seem like a very long and roundabout way , but this is... you
are... the one I’ve been looking for all these times. Before I knew it, I was
inside the room, breaking down the door I had closed myself.

[And that’s why... I’m here to help you! Kaito-san!]

[...Huh?]

Isn’t it fine? If this is what you want, I’ll be Alice. Scenarios can be
adjusted as one needed after all. Not as Shalltear, nor as No Face, but just as
Alice... I will help you!

Yes, on this day, at this moment, “I have been reborn”.

Not as the hero from another world (_Alicia_), nor as a fragment of illusion
(_Shalltear_), and also not as the faceless king (_No Face_)... but as the new
me (_Alice_)... I fell in love with you.

---

As I dodged and deflected the light bullets raining down like a torrential
downpour, I looked at the enemy on the distance. It’s like she’s something
straight out of a beautiful painting, a beautifully unrealistic being with 20
wings... The battle against the mysterious being that suddenly appeared in front
of Kaito-san and I became more and more instense as time went on. This strength,
this magic power... I’m not sure who this person is, but there’s a chance that
she’s a god from somewhere. It’s just an estimation but perhaps, this angel’s
combat ability... it may equal to or better than Kuro-san. Considering that each
of those light bullets raining down on me contained enough magic power to wipe
out an entire island, what I’m certain about is that I’m fighting against a
monster beyond human comprehension. If this opponent is comparable to
Kuro-san... I was already helpless compared to the past Kuro-san, so it should
be normal for me to feel despair knowing that I’ll be fighting against an
opponent that I’m no match against. However, the emotions I felt welling up
within my heart were completely different.

...I don’t feel like I would lose against her. Ahh, when was the last time I
felt this way? This feeling...

I was certainly much more powerful in terms of both physical ability and magic
power than I had back when I was Alicia. But when I just came to this world,
what came to my mind when Kuro-san defeated me was that “When did I become so
weak?”. It may be contradictory, but I had indeed felt like I had become weaker
than when I was Alicia. Back then, I never lost heart, no matter how strong my
opponent was. If the me at that time couldn’t win against someone, I will grow
while in battle against that person to become strong enough to win... If it was
for the people I cared about, that’s something I was able to do as a matter of
course. I guess you could say that it was all about my mentality. The Heart Tool
is a special power that becomes stronger the brighter one’s heart shines... It’s
a power that can turn into a sword into an invincible blade or a blunt one,
depending on the user’s mind.

My heart was broken once, and I lost the strength I once had. I didn’t the power
of _Hekatonkheires_ itself, but as long as my heart is broken, _Hekatonkheires_
would never reach its true power. With Kuro-san’s guidance, I was able to make
use of my magic power to the fullest... but I haven’t grown a bit since then.
The feeling I once had, where I could be as strong as I wanted to be... had been
lost for a long time.

“The bonds I weaved is my strength”... That’s what I use to say when I was
Alicia. Those words are unmistakably the truth... but having lost my heart, my
bonds... I’ve become incredibly weak.

But now, it’s different. The light bullets released by the mysterious angel were
certainly getting faster and faster in speed and power, but I could feel my
speed was getting faster and faster along with it. My heart beats loudly, and my
body was overflowing with bottomless energy... Ahh, I see. That’s right, isn’t
it? My heart that should have been broken... before I knew it, Kaito-san picked
it up and gave it a new shape. As Alice, I had been reborn with a new heart.

[...F-Fufufu... Hahaha...]

A smile reflexively appeared from my lips. It’s back... My power... My strength!

[This is... Your magic power’s rising rapidly?]

[There’s an enemy in front of me that I need to defeat, and behind me is my
important person that I want to protect... Ahhh, this is it... This is the real
me... Finally, I’m finally “catching up to my old self”...]

My heart pulsed so fast as if it’s going to burst open. A searing heat dwells
within my entire body, and as if to match with my emotions, the light of
_Hekatonkheires_ dancing around me pulsates.

[Here——At this moment——The farthest my heart had reached—Exceed my limits——And
now, weave the world!——_Hekatonkheires_!!!]

This is the ultimate form of _Hekatonkheires_, the ability that I wasn’t able to
use in my battle with Kuro-san. Bringing all the bonds I accumulated into my
body, I add them to my power. The power that once weaved the wishes and hopes of
people around the world to defeat the Evil God... Just as there is no end to
people’s desires, there is no limit to my power.

[Iris, Noel... Everyone, lend me your strength. I won’t let anyone steal
Kaito-san, I don’t want to be parted with Kaito-san... and I will not be
defeated by anyone! Come... Let’s begin! Let’s kill a God for the second time!]

With endless infinite power in my body, I drew my blade to kill the unknown god.

...Well, that battle ended up being called off...

Well, I guess that doesn’t matter. The big problem for me was after that. I’ve
caught up with my old self. The moment I realized that it was all thanks to
meeting and falling in love with Kaito-san... I suddenly feel terrified. The
reason I was trying to fall in love was so that I could follow Iris in death...
so, if my love for Kaito-san is fulfilled... I ask myself, will I really have to
die? I want to stay with Kaito-san, laugh with him, forever and ever... That was
unmistakably my wish. But I suddenly felt uneasy, wondering what Kaito-san would
think about this.

I was trying to fall in love in order to fulfill my best friend’s wish and die.
Frankly speaking, I think that’s something a terrible person would say. If I
conveyed my love to him that contained desire for ruin within it, I wonder if
Kaito-san would despise me? Would he pull away from me? Just the thought that
happening scared me so much. On one hand, I’m sure Kaito-san wouldn’t do such a
thing, he would accept me with open arms... but thinking about the possibility
of that not happening wouldn’t leave my mind. But more than that, I didn’t know
what I wanted to do. Whether I want to live or I want to die... I wasn’t so sure
about how I felt now.

In the end, that hesitation I was feeling was crushed by Fate-san’s straight
punch... To be honest, it was quite unexpected that Fate-san had such a
passionate side to her. I guess there’s that “one day in every 20,000 years”
where Fate-san is acting decisively when she makes up her mind. After that, I
told my feelings to Kaito-san, became his lover... and was reunited with Iris...

---

As I’m dozing off, I slowly opened my eyes, feeling pleasant warmth, I saw the
face of my beloved. Ahh, speaking of which, I was chatting with Kaito-san,
wasn’t I? Mhmm, I must have fallen asleep. Well, I’ve dispatched clones around
the perimeter, so I’m assured that Kaito-san is perfectly protected but...

[...How long was I asleep?]

[A little over an hour, I guess?]

[Mhmm, that’s quite negligent of me huh... Well, the area next to Kaito-san
feels so warm, as if I’m taking a nap beneath the sun. That’s why, it’s
Kaito-san’s fault that I dozed off!]

[That’s beyond unreasonable... Rather, why the heck is the owner dozing off
while I’m here manning the store...]

[So, how many customers have you had in the last hour?]

[There’s no way they’d come here, you know?]

[I knew it\~\~]

I slowly pulled my face away from Kaito-san’s shoulder, which I had been using
as a pillow. To be frank, I didn’t want to leave that warmth that even warms my
heart but... I’ll just make up for it by having him pamper me a lot tonight.
Speaking of which, it’s been a very long time since I’ve really dozed off. I
guess that shows how relaxed my heart have become huh? As I was thinking about
this, Kaito-san looked at the clock on the wall, and as if he thought of
something, he spoke.

[...Before I knew it, it has already become lunchtime huh.]

[Should I make you something?]

[Hmmm, that would be nice, but since it’s already time to eat, let’s just go
have our lunch somewhere... There’s also that new restaurant I heard had opened
in the Central Avenue...]

[Ohh, that sounds great. According to Alice-chan’s research, that store has a
pretty good reputation.]

As for me, I’m fine with giving him my home-cooked meal filled with my love...
but more than that, I was more attracted to the idea of going out with
Kaito-san, so I agreed. Unnn? The store? I can just close it. It’s not like
customers would come anyway...

[Alright. Let’s go, “Alice”.]

[...Yes!]

I really like it when Kaito-san calls me Alice. Not as Alicia, not as Shalltear,
and not as No Face... but just as Alice, I can feel that I’m by your side...
Holding onto the happiness that filled my heart, I grasped the hand that
Kaito-san held out to me.

[...I’d like to have an extravagant lunch!]

[You really are...]

[All you can eat? Thank you!]

[I didn’t say that!!! Good grief...]

Muttering that, Kaito-san wryly smiled. He then looked at me with his gentle and
warm expression, as if he’s thinking that “it couldn’t be helped”... the
expression on his face that have become my favorite. Human life really is
unknown. The past me wouldn’t have imagined that a day like this would come to
my life. I realized how happy and warm it is to love someone you care... After
living for hundreds of thousands of years, I finally understood. Thank you very
much, Kaito-san. And from now on, please allow me to always, always stay by your
side... to my beloved Kaito-san, you have my undivided love... as just
“Alice”...
