---
toc: true
---

# Epilogue

[And thus, the Hero has regained the hope she once lost... All’s well that ends
well. I guess you could say we’ve reached a happy ending, right?]

In a blank white space that had nothing but a single black sphere floating in
the air, the girl who is the master of this space muttered with a smile, looking
rather happy. One of her wings, which seemed to be made of iron and gears,
moved, and her rust-colored wavy hair swayed. Dressed in a white one-piece dress
embroidered with geometric patterns and a dark brown cardigan, the 150cm tall
beautiful girl with distinctive “rainbow-colored” eyes began to talk to no one’s
ears.

[Even so, it’s troubling how much of a late bloomer you are, my best friend.
Well, I guess that makes that poor drama worth it... Good for you... “Alicia”.]

After calling out Alice’s former name, something that should only be known to
Kaito, the girl sent her gaze to the black sphere floating mid-air as she spun
her words.

[Moreover, I never thought I would find “my beloved child” here. This moment
really was a great harvest... Alice regained her former strength and even grew,
and I have found my beloved child I have been looking for... Everything indeed
ended up with a wonderful result. Fufufu, I could even say everything is just
perfect.]

After a big smile appeared on her face, the girl fell silent for a moment. And
then, within that empty white space, she muttered.

[...Unnn, it’s really perfect... Other than the fact that I forgot to tell
Alicia that my true identity being Makina... H-Hahaha... Ah, what should I do?]

The smile she had on her face earlier disappeared, and the girl... Makina looked
troubled as her shoulders slumped in disappointment. Yes, the turn of events
this time generally turned out as she had hoped. Just as she had promised
before, she was able to successfully help Alice regain hope. She originally
would have confessed that her true identity was Makina, apologized to Kaito who
got involved in this situation, and that would have been the end of the story.
However, the miscalculation Makina didn’t expect... was that Kaito had the
qualities she had always been seeking, “a child born in a world she had created
who had turned their fangs on her”.

Even though it was by chance, finding the being she had been searching for so
long and a clue to the problem her best friend had been facing made Makina’s
tension reach its peak. Thereupon, being rather enthusiastic, she inadvertently
introduced herself “with the name she had thought of before coming to this
world” before she left that place... It was only after she left the two of them
that she realized that she hadn’t told Alice her true identity.

[...With how cool I looked as I left them, I can’t just go back and say “Ahh,
there’s actually something I forgot to say\~\~”, and that’s just something I
can’t do with my dignity as a God... Hmmm, since I planned to send a Paradise to
Trinia to meet my child, I guess I’ll just tell her when I find the right
timing.]

In the end, Makina decided that she would just reveal her true identity to Alice
the next time they met, as she began to think about her next visit to Trinia.
Incidentally, if her best friend Alicia... Alice had been there, what she would
have said would be something like this.

“Makina sure is a bit of a ditz, forgetting something important. She’s a
scatterbrain... so she’d probably forget about it again on her next visit.”
