---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 2: The God of Fate's Changes

It was my third day in the Hydra Kingdom.

The sun still hasn’t risen yet as I walk through the city, heading towards a
certain place. It’s not like I’m particularly obligated to go there or anything,
and I wasn’t really sure before if I could go there today, but since the grandpa
asked to talk to him sometime, I had come to where I met him yesterday. W-Well,
even though I felt like this was pushed on me, I agreed to it myself. I don’t
think I’ll be coming to Hydra Kingdom that often, so I thought that I should
visit as much as possible while I’m here.

[Unnn? Ohh, if it wasn’t the youngster yesterday?!]

[Ahh, good morning.]

[Ohh, good morning. What’s the matter? Have you come to listen to me again
today?]

[Y-Yes, well...]

[Ohh, is that so?! Have you heard? There was apparently some incident
yesterday.]

He’s talking like a machine gun like usual... He would switch the topic of
conversation without even waiting for my response. Or rather, that incident he
was talking about was yesterday’s attack, right? I was in that incident, you
know?

[Attacking the Hero-sama, that’s one foolish act of theirs.]

[I-I guess so.]

[Umu! Good grief, what troubling people... Because of that, even I... Erhem, the
senators of this country are in a bind right now.]

[Eh? Is that so?]

It seems that this grandpa is quite knowledgeable, or rather, well-informed, and
seems to have a good grasp on the incident yesterday.

[The fact that they were attacked in this city is really bad\~\~ I suppose we’ll
have to overhaul our security system, and also, since the country had apparently
got the attacker in custody, that means that the country will punish him but...
I don’t think this will be settled with just a half-hearted punishment.]

[...]

[Rumor has it that the God of Fate-sama is in a bad mood... Because of that, I
heard that the King is holding her head in her hands.]

[I-Is that so...]

...Fate-san. I guess I’ll give her a follow up the next time I meet her. I don’t
know if this grandpa knew what I was thinking or not, but he let out a big
sigh... Hmmm. Could it be that this grandpa is one of the senators? Then, it
makes sense as to why he’s well-informed.

[There’s also the problem with our country’s reputation... Really, how troubling
it is.]

[I-It’s quite a bind, isn’t it?]

[That’s right... Even if they properly deal with this, the king of those other
noisy countries will still make some complaint...]

[Unnn?]

[Ahh, no, it’s nothing. I was just thinking that the King and the senators must
have a hard time because of the importance of our national honor.]

[H-Huhh...]

The way he’s saying it is like he’s only a bit involved with it but... As I
thought, I think this grandpa is a senator. However, I think he wants to keep it
under wraps. If that’s the case, it isn’t a good idea to ask him about it, so
let’s just pretend I didn’t notice.

[Is that so, Her Majesty, the King and the Senators must have a hard time taking
care of the country huh?]

[Ohh! You understand huh?! Even a youngster could see it huh... It’s really
troubling... Erhem. N-No, I also think that they’re having a hard time.]

[...]

Could you hide it a little better please... It’s really hard trying not to make
a reaction here...

[I-In the first place, it would be an inexcusable act to attack Hero-sama...
Good gracious, if I had been there, I would have “smashed” that attacker...]

Did he just say “smashed”?! No, I understand what that word means, but I don’t
want to imagine it. I wonder if this grandpa is quite strong? I can’t really
judge the strength of people of this world based on appearances, so even if he
looks like an old man, he may be very strong. While I was thinking about this,
the grandpa stood up and spun his fishing rod around to tell in the line.

[Oops, I’m sorry, young man. I’ve got some business to attend to, so I’ll take
my leave.]

[Ah, yes. I’m sorry to bother you.]

[No, no, I also had lots of fun... However, you dutifully came here after what I
said yesterday, it seems that you’re a good man.]

[H-Huhh...]

[You’re rather thin, but your face is good. I don’t think women would want to
let you go, hahaha!]

His talking skills are at peak as usual... He was just about to cut himself off
from the conversation, but we’re already on a different topic.

[So long, ’till we meet again!]

[Ah, yes. Do your best too, Grandpa.]

[Umu! Ahh, that’s right... I heard that Hero-sama would make his speech in front
of the House of Parliament today at 1:00 pm. If you’re not busy, you can go and
see it.]

With that, he vigorously laughed and left with a powerful gait. Unnn. I really
think he’s pretty strong... At least, he’s stronger than me. However,
Mitsunaga-kun is making his speech huh... I had the time anyway, so I guess I’ll
check it out.

After I finished talking with the grandpa, I decided to go see Mitsunaga-kun’s
speech, but it was still early in the morning... so I came back to the inn with
the idea of having breakfast first.

As I headed to my room, for some reason, I found Heart-san in front of my room.

[...Heart-san?]

[Miyama-sama?! Thank goodness... My apologies, but please come with me!]

[W-What’s going on? You’re being sudden...]

For some reason, Heart-san, who looked quite the calm person, was very
flustered, and when she spotted me, she ran up to me and told me to come with
her. I wonder why? It sounds like she’s really flustered... A situation where
the God of Heart-san is flustered? Moreover, she’s telling me that she wants me
to come with her, what in the world...

[G-God of Fate-sama is in trouble!]

[Eh? Fate-san is?!]

[Y-Yes... Anyway, please come with me!]

[I-I understand.]

The confusion in my mind grew even greater when I heard Heart-san say that
Fate-san is in trouble. After all, I can’t think of a situation where Fate-san
is in trouble at all... No matter how I think about it, Fate-san is one of the
most powerful beings in the world, so I can’t see any situation where she would
need my help. It sounds like she’s doing this job properly this time, so I don’t
think she needs me to save her from Chronois-san, and she also didn’t try to
touch me in weird places, so it’s not like she wants me to save her from Kuro’s
spanking.

Although I was confused about the situation, I immediately moved with the
Teleportation Magic that Heart-san deployed.

And thus, as soon as I arrived... I understood what Heart-san was talking about
when she said that she was in trouble.

[G-God of Fate-sama... Please endure it a bit more...]

[Don’t wannnnaaaaaa! I’ve worked my ass off enough already!!! I’m not moving a
single step from here todaaaaaaaayyyyy!!!]

[...]

Currently in front of me is Shea-san, who has a troubled expression on her face,
and Fate-san, who is curled up under a blanket, like a turtle hiding under her
shell. Ahh, I see... So that’s what she meant...

[I worked diligently yesterday! We should have been finished with this job
yesterday!!!]

[T-That’s certainly true but... Because of that trouble that happened
yesterday...]

[No mooooooorrreeeeeeee! I don’t wanna work! I don’t wanna work!!!]

[......]

It seems like she’s been working diligently for the past two days, but it seems
like Fate-san’s slacker switch was finally turned on, and this morning, she
started making a fuss about not wanting to work. When I asked Heart-san about
the situation, she said that she wasn’t happy with the fact that the preparatory
meeting, which was supposed to be over in two days, didn’t end because of the
attack yesterday and their job was carried over to today.

[...That’s why I called Miyama-sama. Miyama-sama, please help us. We can’t do
anything about God of Fate-sama when she becomes like this...]

[I-I understand... I’ll do what I can.]

It seems that Heart-san brought me here because she wants me to persuade
Fate-san. To be honest, that seems to be quite the challenge, but it doesn’t
seem like she’s listening to Heart-san and Shea-san’s words at all. I’m certain
that this would be easy if I ask Shiro-san but... that’s just coercing her with
an order, so I’ll make it a last resort and try to persuade her first.

Now then, how should I describe her current state of mind... Is it like a turtle
with its arms and legs retracted into its shell, or like a curled up hedgehog,
with its hair of spike, threateningly protruding over its body...? What is clear
is that she currently has no intention of opening up to us. Think, I should
think of a way! Due to Fate-san’s character, there’s no way she would listen to
me if I just tell her to work without thinking about it. It would be more ideal
if I make her work on her own accord, but I think that is quite a difficult
task. On the other hand, if I don’t tell her, I won’t be able to get a clue on
how to handle this situation. I guess I should gently approach her first and try
not to provoke her...

[...Fate-san, are you alright?]

[U-Uuuu... Kai-chan...]

When I called out to her as gently as possible, a teary-eyed Fate-san glanced at
me through the gap in the blanket. I guess it’s safe to say that she’s still on
MAX alert, so my first mission here is to get Fate-san’s face out of the
blanket.

[...Kai-chan won’t torture me anymore, right... I did my best, didn’t I?]

[Y-Yes, I think Fate-san is doing a great job.]

[Right?! I mean, I’ve already worked two days in a row! It’s the “longest time I
ever worked”. I’ve worked hard enough!]

Isn’t your longest time ever hurdle too low?! This woman really hates working
that bad huh... She has been saying that she wants to be a NEET, but I think
she’s NEET enough already. N-No, this is no good... If I say anything negative,
the mission immediately fails. This is where I have to firmly reply and lift up
Fate-san.

[That’s right. Fate-san worked really hard... I wasn’t able to see you
personally while you were working, but you were really cool when you entered the
city!]

[...R-Really? I... was cool?]

[Yes. Of course... The usual Fate is cute and wonderful, but I also thought the
serious Fate-san had a different kind of charm.]

[R-Really... Ehehe... I see\~\~]

To be honest, I think I was being exaggerated and lifting her too much, but it
seems like Fate-san was happy to receive my praises, as Fate-san looked up from
under her blanket with a bashful smile on her face. Alright! The first barrier
has been breached... She had somehow peaked out her face, so I think she’s
becoming a little less cautious. However, just this is no good. I shouldn’t get
carried away by just achieving this, and it isn’t a good time to be on the
offensive just yet... So I should slowly lure her into my range.

[I think seeing Fate-san work would be wonderful but... Fate-san doesn’t want to
work anymore, right?]

[Unnn. I don’t wanna work anymore\~\~ I just want to laze around. Work is
boring...]

[Right? Fate-san is the Supreme God, so you would have to do lots of work...
Moreover, it’s quite terrible that it’s being dragged on for so long,]

[It’s really as you say! It was supposed to end yesterday!!! I really hate the
word overtime!]

As I was earnestly affirming Fate-san and showing her that I’m on her side,
little by little, she’s getting on board with what I’m saying. The flow of the
conversation is good... However, I would need to make another push here. First
of all, I think I need to get Fate-san’s mind back to the point where she might
be able to do some work. Fate-san seemed almost uninterested in others, so she
wouldn’t be moved by something like the senators, Shea-san and Heart-san being
in trouble. Then, what I should do here... is to cite something fun for Fate-san
to do!

[But, Fate-san. I need to remind you of one thing.]

[...What is it?]

[Fate-san, after you finish your job here, we’re going on our date here, right?]

[U-Unnn. That’s right.]

The date is no longer an option at this point. To be clear, I don’t think she’s
the kind of person who would work without bait, so I think this level of
concession is a necessary expense as a bargaining chip.

[Since we’re going on a date, we would want it to be fun, right?]

[That’s obviously correct...]

[However, I’m just a mere human... so I think some people would be bothered
about it.]

[...Eh?]

Continuing to speak in a slightly depressed voice, I tried being careful so that
Fate-san doesn’t take it as something solely her fault.

[What if Fate-san got Chronois-san mad for not doing her job... I’m sure that I
will be thinking about it while we’re on our date. It would be nice if I could
properly put that aside like Fate-san do, but I think it would be difficult for
me to do so.]

[...Kai-chan.]

[That’s why I’m a bit scared. I was looking forward to it so much. I was really
looking forward to my date with Fate-san, so thinking that I may not be able to
truly enjoy our date is...]

[...]

I’m not lying at all. I may be exaggerating it a bit... but I thought that it
would be fun going out with Fate-san, so I certainly was looking forward to it.
It’s also true that if Fate-san doesn’t do her job, I will be concerned about
it.

[K-Kai-chan... is looking forward to our date that much?]

As I told her my woes while showing a bit of exaggerated distress, Fate-san
slowly pulled her upper body out of the futon. It’s here! The opportunity that
I’ve been waiting for!!! This is the time I should attack! Let’s press on and
push further!

[Yes... In fact, I even prepared a “present” to give Fate-san on our date.]

[Present?! Kai-chan would give me one?!]

...Sorry, that one’s a lie. H-However, if I dash off to buy her one while
Fate-san was working, it won’t be a lie, so there’s no problem.

[Yes. I want to have the best date with Fate-san as possible. A date that both
Fate-san and I can truly enjoy...]

[...U-Uuuuu...]

[That’s why, Fate-san. Just for today, will you hold out for a bit more for me?]

[U-Unnnn... I-I don’t know...]

She started wavering! Good, the flow of things is good... I need one more push,
and I need to take out one more decisive card. However, piling up more things
regarding our date would be difficult, so is there anything else I could use? T-
That’s right...

[If Fate-san comes home tired from work... Errr, should I give you a massage?]

[A massage?! Kai-chan would touch my body?!]

[Y-Yes, well... It’s just going to be a massage though...]

I feel like I’ve moved the conversation to some weird direction, but my
suggestion that I would give her a massage after she diligently did her work
seemed to have piqued Fate-san’s interest more than I expected, and Fate-san
bounced off the blanket she was covered in and got up.

[...I-I guess it can’t be helped... In order for Kai-chan to support me in the
future, I have to properly make a good investment upfront... For Kai-chan’s
sake, well, I don’t mind trying a bit longer...]

[T-Thank you!]

[Fufufu, alrighty, I’m motivated! Now then, I’ll quickly finish everything!!!]

[Ah, yes. See you later.]

It seems that I was able to successfully turn on Fate-san’s motivation switch,
as she ran out of the room at great speed. It’s not that I don’t feel like I’ve
exaggerated lots of things but... for the time being, should I say that it’s
Mission Complete? As I was thinking about this while looking in the direction
where Fate-san departed, I felt hands suddenly placed on both of my shoulders
from behind me.

[...Eh? Shea-san? Heart-san?]

[...How much do you want? I’ll pay you how much you want, and I will also ensure
that you’ll be treated well.]

[...Being able to make God of Fate-sama work... What a rare and wonderful talent
you have. We can’t let your talent be buried under the ground!]

[Huh? Eh?]

While grabbing my shoulders with their firm grip, Shea-san and Heart-san turned
their eyes, filled with tremendous vigor, towards me. I mean, this might even be
the first time I’ve ever seen Shea-san make eye contact with me.

[...If you want, it’s fine if you want to be the No.2 under God of Fate-sama’s
subordinates.]

[Yes! You’ll be treated with the best possible treatment! I urge you to come to
the God Realm!!!]

[...]

Those words sound like a very sincere and sorrowful plea... Fate-san... How
often do you usually push your work towards your subordinates? Even Shea-san was
looking at me with bloodshot eyes, you know? I feel like this has happened to me
before. To be specific, I remember being told the same thing by one of the
Supreme Gods. It really seems like everyone is feeling troubled in regards to
Fate-san, and because of the same reason—The God Realm recruited me again.

---

Now then, having managed to send Fate-san to work and escaped Shea-san and
Heart-san’s solicitation, I immediately dashed out into the city. The purpose is
simple, the words I told Fate-san to motivate her earlier, that I have a present
for her... To bring that into reality, I must prepare that present as soon as
possible. However, as soon as I got into the city, I realized... I-I didn’t know
what to buy. Whether it’s things that she might be delighted with, or Fate-san’s
favorite stuff... I don’t know about them, so I can’t think of anything to buy
at all.

[...Alice.]

[Yes, yes. What is it?]

I can’t think of any direction in going here, so I decided to call Alice and ask
her about it. In my conversation with Fate-san, Alice is definitely the one
Fate-san mentions a lot, so I think that they’re probably good friends.

[Alice, you’re good friends with Fate-san... right?]

[Yes, but of course. Fate-san and I are soul friends, you know?!]

Asking her that to confirm it, Alice nodded while puffing out her small chest.
As I thought, Alice and Fate-san really are good friends. Thank goodness... In
that case, she would surely know what Fate-san likes. No, even if they’re not
good friends, Alice is the most well-informed person in the world, so it’s
reassuring to have her by my side.

[I-I see... Then, Alice. I’d like to ask you something. What is Fate-san’s
favorite thing?]

[I dunno?]

[You don’t know?!]

However, Alice only tilted her head, with an unusually serious expression on her
face.

[...Eh? A-Alice. You don’t know what Fate-san’s favorite stuff are?]

[Yes. I’m sorry but... Fate-san just wants to slack off, and she doesn’t want
anything...]

[H-How about her favorite food?]

[Fate-san originally doesn’t eat... So even if you bring her something, she’ll
probably eat it, but she doesn’t seem to be particularly fond of it.]

[...D-Does she have any hobbies?]

[How about you ask yourself if she has any hobbies?]

[... I don’t think she has one.]

This is bad, Fate-san is a more formidable enemy than I thought. Gods don’t need
to eat, so Fate-san basically doesn’t eat, and she doesn’t go out to buy
anything, and just slacks off in her room... I can’t find any gaps to aim at. I
mean, she would really have been quite the useless human... Unnn? Useless
human... Making a human useless... That’s right, I remembered a certain thing.
Inside her room that I caught a glimpse of when I went to visit Fate-san’s
earlier... It was a room full of cushions. That’s where I found the hint I could
use for my present.

[...Alice. I have something that I want to consult with you...]

[Yes?]

[I’d like to ask you to make a slightly unusual cushion...]

[Cushion, is it? Yes, I can make that much in a minute but... What kind of
cushion is it?]

[Errr, to put it simply...]

Thereupon, I gave Alice an outline of that cushion filled with lots of small
beads that would make a person useless. Alice listened to the explanation for a
while, then nodded her head in agreement and told me that I could make it as
soon as I had the materials. And thus, I decided to go around the store and
gather the materials, while leaving it to Alice to make my present.

Relieved that I’m able to prepare my present for Fate-san, I decided to return
to the inn after observing Mitsunaga-kun’s speech. I guess it’s to be expected
of a man who has been giving speeches for several months now, as Mitsunaga-kun
was giving a magnificent speech without shrinking from the crowd. We had a
chance to talk for a bit afterwards, but apparently, he was leaving first thing
tomorrow morning for the next city, so I promised that I would see him off
before I returned to the inn.

Thereupon, whether it’s good or bad timing, as I was taking a short break, I
heard a knock on the door. I already know who has come to visit me. Remembering
what happened the day before yesterday, I quietly retreated away from the
shooting range, I slowly opened the door...

[Kai-chaaaaaaaannnnnn!]

[Wha?! Gebfuuhhh?!]

I-Impossible... I-I’m pretty sure that I should have moved out of the line of
fire... But it felt as if her head made a curve and still accurately struck my
stomach... Do you have some freaking resentment in my stomach?!

[Kai-chan! I’m tireeeeeddd! I did my best, you know\~\~ Praise meeeeeeeee!]

[G-Good job at work. Y-You really did your best, didn’t you?]

As I pressed down on my stomach that had received damage again, I somehow
managed to give Fate-san some congratulatory words.

[Noowwww! Kai-chan, you have promised. That you would give me a moist,
fulfilling massage!]

[...There won’t be anything moist here, but alright.]

Fate-san spread out her arms as if to ask me for a hug, but I easily ignored it
and prepared a chair for her, and urged her to sit down. However, Fate-san
immediately ignores my actions too! She directly moved to the bed and laid down
with her face down. Seeing that, I let out a big sigh, before I just gave
Fate-san a nod and approached her on the bed. We exchanged no words, but there
was actually a voiceless bargain between Fate-san and I just now.

———Kai-chan, as a reward for my hard work, carry me in your arms!

———I didn’t promise that. I will only give you a massage. Now, come to this
chair...

———Mhnn, you’re thinking of ending it with just a shoulder rub? Rejected! I
resolutely reject!!!

———Guhhh, you’re already lying down on the bed...

———This was also part of your promised massage, right?!

———I-I understand...

Well, with that exchange of glances and actions, as a result, it was decided
that I would give a massage to Fate-san while she was lying down on the bed. To
be honest, putting aside if it was a shoulder rub, but I’ve never done a full
body massage before... Well, I can imagine how people do it, so I guess let’s do
our best. Even Fate-san probably doesn’t expect me, an amateur, to be skillful
at it...

[Then, I will start.]

[Briiiing it on!]

[Isn’t your response a bit weird here?]

[Ahaha.]

While smiling at Fate-san who is in somewhat of a good mood, I thought of
starting with Fate-san’s shoulders, so I put my hand on them... Uwaahhh, it
feels so soft. Even as I felt my heart skip a bit from feeling her feminine
softness, I started massaging her shoulders while trying to be as calm as
possible.

[...Hnnn... Fuuuu...]

[Is it painful?]

[Ahaha, Kai-chan. I’m a Supreme God, okay? It won’t hurt even if Kai-chan really
grips on my shoulder. That’s why you can make it a little stronger\~\~]

[Roger that.]

Slowly rubbing her shoulders, I use my thumbs to press on that point where you
should supposedly massage her back near her shoulders. Thereupon, I suddenly
noticed something out of place on that part... I feel like there’s something
about this part of the body that feels better to press on.

[Fuaahhh... Kai-chan... That feels good.]

Areh? What’s this? This feeling... I know what parts I should massage? Or
rather, it feels like I know where Fate-san wants me to massage her. Could this
be because of that... my Sympathy Magic?! It may be that my Sympathy Magic can
read the faint changes in Fate-san’s magic power, probably making me understand
where I should massage to make Fate-san feel good.

[Ahh, nnfuaaahhhh... Kai-chan, you’re really skillful... It feels good\~\~]

[...]

This is a really unexpected way of using my magic, but perhaps, I can be one
excellent masseuse. I guess it’s still like me that the effect of my magic that
I just found out wasn’t standing out at all, but I’m thankful for that in this
situation. I guess I should keep up with my massage...

[Ahnnn... Khnnn, fuuu... Auuu, uuuuuu... Haahhh... Aahhhh...]

[...Ummm, Fate-san? Could you stop making that erotic voices, please? I can’t
concentrate here.]

[Eeehhh\~\~ I mean, it feels really good\~\~ Ahhnnn…]

[...]

No, that’s not it. It may certainly be pleasant but... You’re definitely letting
out that voice on purpose! It’s obviously too over-the-top, and I feel like
you’re deliberately trying to sound erotic. Is this that? Is she seducing me?
...Not only have you started using direct attacks, you’re even mixing it with
this method... Fate-san... What a frightening person. Anyway, I should empty my
mind right now! Right now, I’m just a massaging machine, having no emotions. I’m
free from obstructive thoughts. As my mind is clear, I just move my hands...

[Fuaahhhh... Aaahhh... Hnnn... Kai-chan... Kai-chaaaaaannnn\~\~]

[...]

Hey, stop calling my name... Also, stop with that strangely erotic voice...
Seriously, my mind is being slowly chipped away here, so please excuse me from
that. After massaging the area around her shoulders, I slowly slid down and
switched over to give her a back massage. However, our posture is kinda...
dangerous, in all sorts of ways. Fate-san is wearing the same vestments as
Shiro-san and Chronois-san, and probably because of the thin material, I could
clearly see the lines of her body when she is lying down like this. Moreover,
maybe because she was lying face down, but Fate-san’s large bulges was pressed
against the bed, their shapes changed along, and her shapely buttocks erotically
swayed with each of her pleasured moans and movements of her body.

[Aaahhh... Aaahhhh! Fyuuaaaahhh!]

[...]

![Insert 2](../../_Images/v10/Insert2.jpg#.insert)

She glanced at me just now... It seems that she’s really enjoying doing this. I
feel like my face is so hot right now, and no matter how much I try to free my
mind from thoughts, I can hear Fate-san’s voice so much louder than before. I
don’t know if Fate-san knows that or not, but she’s trying to make me feel
excited by moving her body in a strangely seductive way... G-Guhhh... This is
difficult. Let’s hang in there, me...

It seems that she has learned a method other than forcibly compelling me, as she
started letting out frighteningly erotic moans. In a situation I never
expected—I’m going to have to suffer through this penance again.

---

It was early in the morning of my fourth day in the Hydra Kingdom. I had come to
see Mitsunaga-kun off in front of the city gate.

[Miyama-san, thank you for coming to see me off. I’m sorry, we end up not being
able to talk that much.]

[No, no, it can’t be helped. You’re busy playing the role of Hero... Speaking of
which, I saw your speech yesterday and it was very impressive.]

[Thank you. I’m still not as good as Miyama-san, but I’ll do my best to improve,
one step after another.]

That’s strange... It sounded like Mitsunaga-kun just said something strange like
him being no match for me, you know? No, I’m sure that I just heard wrong. It’s
not like Mitsunaga-kun would need to try being my equal or anything like that.

[...J-Just in case I heard right, let me ask Mitsunaga-kun something…... You
didn’t just say that you’re not as good as me, right?]

[Eh? Ah, yes. After all, Miyama-san has been in contact with the Six Kings. You
even have the Phantasmal King-sama under your control, and so that should mean
that you already have one of the most powerful people in the world under your
control.]

[...N-No, they aren’t that big of a deal... Especially the Phantasmal King.]

[...Eh?]

It seems that Mitsunaga-kun has heard a lot of rumors about me through Princess
Cattleya, and it seems that he really thinks that I’m an amazing person.
However, that’s a big misunderstanding. It’s the people around me that are
amazing, not me. I’m just one of the ordinary people you can find anywhere...
ordinary... Was it no-good to describe myself as ordinary? I feel like
describing myself like that is slowly getting forced...

As I was chatting with Mitsunaga-kun for a while, Princess Cattleya, who had
finished their preparations for departure, approached us.

[Miyama-sama, thank you so much for your help in this matter. If it weren’t for
Miyama-sama’s presence, it would have been quite unfavorable to us.]

[Ah, no, the only one who helped you was Phantasmal King so...]

[Yes, please tell Phantasmal King-sama that I was truly grateful to her as
well.]

[I understand.]

I didn’t know about it, but it seems that when the one with the role of Hero
gets attacked, it can be a big problem. But in the previous incident, Alice
moved quickly, and since everyone involved, including the mastermind, was
quickly apprehended, it really helped Princess Cattleya’s position.

[Well then, Miyama-sama. We’ll take our leave now. I sincerely hope that we can
meet again.]

[Me too, please be safe on your journey.]

[...I think there would be more troubles on Miyama-sama’s side though, so please
do your best.]

[Unnn. Mitsunaga-kun too, do your best in acting as Hero.]

[Yes! So long!]

With their goodbyes, the carriage that was on standby started moving. As
Mitsunaga-kun greatly waves his hand and Princess Cattleya gives a small bow, I
see them off. After Mitsunaga-kun’s group disappeared from sight, I walked
towards the city and spoke to Alice since she should be next to me.

[Alice, Princess Cattleya said thank you.]

[I’m not interested in that at all\~\~ I wouldn’t have helped them if it weren’t
for Kaito-san.]

[Still, it’s a fact that you helped them... That’s why, I’ll say it again for me
this time, thank you.]

[Uuuuu... Y-You’re welcome...]

When I thanked her as well, Alice sounded a little embarrassed when she
responded to me before she disappeared.

Now then, after reaching my goal of seeing Mitsunaga-kun and his group off, it’s
time for my promised date with Fate-san. As I think about the places we should
go, I meet up with Fate-san in front of the inn.

[Kai-chaaaan\~\~ I’ll be in your care today\~\~]

[Yes. I’ll also be in your care today... Then, how about we go?]

[Alrighty! Then, let’s go!]

Fate-san didn’t seem to be dressed any differently than usual, but she seemed to
be in a very good mood, as she raised her hand with a big smile on her face, she
started walking with me towards the city. One step, two steps, after walking for
three steps... Fate-san suddenly stopped in her tracks.

[...I’m going to die.]

[Isn’t that too fast?!]

You have only taken three steps, you know?! And why the heck did you start
slacking off on the ground?! Couldn’t you try a little harder?! When I
dumbfoundedly looked at Fate-san, whose tension clearly plummeted down, she
glanced at me and spoke.

[Kai-chan, I have something I’d like to discuss with you... but how about... we
just go make out in a room, or perhaps, become one?]

[Rejected!]

[Ueeeehhhh…... I-I’m that, you know. I steadily lose a lot of my vitality under
the sun.]

[It’s alright. You’re not a vampire, you’re a God.]

As I shuddered, remembering how our bodies were entwined with each other
yesterday, I guess Fate-san was still the same as usual. A refreshingly
straightforward request... It immediately gave me a headache. Letting out a big
sigh, Fate-san looks as if she was thinking for a little bit befores he looked
at me with her hands outstretched.

[Well then, in that case! Kai-chan, piggyback\~\~]

[That’s rejected. I reject it.]

[Ueeeehhhh...]

Seeing Fate-san with her arms outstretched like that was very cute, but as
expected, I decided to reject her because I think going on a date while your
partner was in your back is kinda difficult.

[Uuuuuu, in that case, I can’t walk\~\~ I’m going to die here\~\~]

[...How lazy can you be...]

[Ahh\~\~ What a blunder. I shouldn’t have left my cushion if this was going to
happen...]

[...Huhh...]

I was feeling dismayed when Fate-san started acting spoiled, but thinking about
it, Fate-san usually travels on a flying cushion and I rarely see her walking.
Even when we were going towards this city, she was also riding on my back... and
it seems that walking feels troublesome for her. Letting out a big sigh again, I
feel like our date won’t go on like this, so although it changes the order of my
plans, I decided to give her the cushion I prepared for her as a present.

[...It can’t be helped. I was actually going to give it to you at the end of our
date but...]

[Unnn? What is it? What is it?]

[Here, the present I have prepared for Fate-san.]

As I said that, I took out from the magic box the cushion that makes people
useless made by Alice... In short, it’s a squishy bean bag. When Fate-san saw
this, her eyes widened and she looked at me with sparkling eyes.

[O-Ooohhhhh!!! I-It’s a cushion! A cushion Kai-chan prepared just for me...]

[I didn’t know what Fate-san liked, so this is what I thought.]

[I-I’m so happy—Haahh?! Whoa there... I’ll just say this now, Kai-chan. Even if
it’s Kai-chan’s present for me, I’m still going to be very picky with my
cushions, you know? If you think that you can satisfy me with just some
half-heartedly made cushion, you’re mistaken!]

She was about to say she was happy for a moment, but it seems like she has some
kind of weird pride regarding cushions, as Fate-san regained her attention and
declared that with a serious expression on her face. The way she looks like that
is so cute that I can’t help but chuckle.

[I’m sure it’s okay... Because this is the cushion famous in our world for
making people useless.]

[What’s with that really fantastic item?! A cushion that makes people useless?!
It could make people useless?! Isn’t this the greatest?!]

[...No, your reaction to it was the weird one.]

Why the heck do you look so happy after you heard that it turns people
useless... Also, please be relieved. You’re already a useless Goddess from the
moment I met you. As for that assessment, that hasn’t improved at all. Anyway,
Fate-san seemed to be interested in this cushion and received it from me...
Thereupon, her eyes widened.

[W-What is this\~\~?! T-This cushion is... H-How squishy. It’s as if this
cushion is sucking in my finger with my touch!]

[It was filled with lots of little beads in it, making it very squishy.]

[Fuuoooohhhh! This is amazing, Kai-chan! This is amazing... P-Poke, poke...]

As expected of the cushion that makes people useless. It was frighteningly
effective on the useless Goddess, as Fate-san happily touched the cushion
around, and after a bit of time, she deployed what seems to be State
Preservation Magic on it before jumping on it.

[Aaaaahhhhh\~\~ Amazing. Dish is amashiiinngg... Fuaaahhhh... I’ll go live here
from now on...]

[...]

It seems that Fate-san and the cushion have quite the affinity with each other,
as she was so charmed by the cushion that her body already looks like melted
cheese... As I looked at Fate-san while she lazily laid down on the cushion, the
cushion floated and lined up next to me.

[Kai-chan... this is the best... Thank yooouuuu\~\~]

[I’m glad you liked it.]

[Unnn, Kai-chan really is fantastic\~\~ I love you so much\~\~ How about I give
you a kiss in return?]

[No, thank you.]

[Do you really have to be that quick in refusing me?!]

Somehow, isn’t she more languid than before? W-Well, I guess that’s how much she
liked it but…... Well, whatever.

Now then, I want to talk about what going on a date really is all about. I can’t
exactly say that I’m an experienced guy, so I can only describe it in general
terms... Going on a date is generally with the opposite gender... There are also
some instances where it’s with the same gender but it often involves eating out,
shopping, sightseeing, going to the movies, or having fun in an amusement park
together. However, these are only processes, as the main purpose of the date
will be to deepen your feelings and confirm your affection for each other.

In other words, you don’t have to go to the extremes for it to be called a great
date, and even if it was for just short, it’s still unmistakably a date. If
you’re wondering why I’m suddenly thinking about this, it’s probably because of
my current situation. If the main purpose is to deepen our relationship with
each other, I could definitely say that we’re currently on a date... that’s only
if I could say that though...

[Fuuuaaahhhh…]

[...Ummm, Fate-san? Isn’t it about time you move on your own?]

[I don’t wannnaaaaa\~\~]

[...]

Pulling my date’s hand as she lazily slumps down on the cushion while moving...
The cushion is floating, so I don’t feel its weight when I’m pulling it, but it
feels like I’m pulling a trolley. Isn’t this the time when my heart should be
skipping a beat because we’re holding hands, or perhaps, worrying about the
other party’s walking pace... I wonder why I don’t feel such things?

[...Umm, Fate-san? Why are you opening your mouth wide?]

[Feed meee\~\~]

[...]

[Whammm, Ahh~ Tasty\~\~]

Deciding that we would eat the food we saw at the stall, my date still kept
lying down on the cushion, opened her mouth and asked me to feed her, while I
just do so while making sure that it doesn’t spill. Isn’t this strange? This is
that event where you go “Ahhn\~\~”, right? I was feeling so nervous when I did
this with Isis-san before, but I can’t feel anything like at that time now, you
know?!

[No, Fate-san... As expected, you can’t drink while lying down, you know? Please
get up already.]

[It’s alright, it’s alright, I’m manipulating fate to make sure that it doesn’t
spill.]

[Can’t you exert that effort elsewhere?!]

In the end, she even tried drinking while lying down. This is important, but
since there’s no such thing as plastic bottles in this world, when I bought this
drink, it was served in a thin wooden cup. Well, I think that’s the reason, but
drinks bought at stalls here are quite expensive compared to my previous world.
Anyway, even when drinking in such a cup, Fate-san is still lazily lying down...
Is this really a date? Not nursing or assisting, but seriously, a date?

[...Fate-san, this is a date, right?]

[Eh? That’s right\~\~]

[...]

[Ahh\~\~ Errr...]

Seeing me muttering that while my shoulders slumped down, Fate-san had an
unusually troubled look on her face. Then, she finally raised her upper body...
and got off the cushion…... Eh? She got off her cushion?

[Well\~\~ I’m sorry. I got a little overzealous. Are you mad?]

[Eh? No, I’m not really mad...]

“Overzealous”? Eh? No, no matter how I looked at it, you were clearly slacking
around, but that was you, being overzealous?! In front of the surprised me,
Fate-san nodded her head, as if she was convinced by something, before she
squeezed my hand.

[It’s no good if it’s just me having fun, right\~\~ And thus, let’s start from
square one!]

[Eh? Wait?! Fate-san?!]

[Then, once again, let’s go\~\~]

And then, she started walking while pulling me with tremendous force. Unable to
keep up with the situation, I followed Fate-san as she dragged the dumbfounded
me along.

After telling me that she’s restarting our date back to square one, Fate-san put
away her cushion somewhere and walked down the street while holding my hand. How
strange, just a few moments ago, I didn’t have any way but to pull her hand in
order to make Fate-san move, but when she said that she’s restarting our date
and grasped my hand, I suddenly felt very embarrassed.

By the way, if the Supreme God Fate-san was walking with me, a mere mortal,
there would be a big commotion, but Fate-san seems to have manipulated Fate to
make herself unrecognizable to anyone as a Supreme God. It’s similar to how Kuro
used Recognition Inhibition Magic when we were on a date, and as long as it
exists, the people of the city will only recognize Fate-san as an ordinary girl.
Kuro’s Recognition Inhibition Magic makes her be recognized by those she
directly speaks to, but Fate-san’s manipulation of fate is like a higher version
of this ability, since the other party won’t recognize Fate-san even if she
directly speaks to her as long as Fate-san doesn’t allow it.

[Ohhh, Kai-chan, let’s eat that.]

[...What’s that? That’s absurdly big...]

[Eh? If I remember correctly, it’s a dish that was handed down from Kai-chan’s
world... That calamari rings!]

[That clearly looks different from the calamari rings I know...]

With a smile on her face, Fate-san pointed to a huge ring-shaped object that
looked like it was as big as the roof of a house... Apparently, that’s a
calamari ring. If that thing is a calamari ring, then the squid used on it
probably isn’t calamari but some kind of monster like kraken. The food in this
world really never ceases to amaze me. When I ordered some servings of the
calamari ring at a stall, it was cut into small pieces before handed to us...
Well, I knew it would be something like this considering its size, but I think
it looks more like a fried calamari, not a calamari ring.

[Hnn\~\~ Delicious\~\~]

[Yes, they’re very delicious.]

[Ahh, that’s right! Kai-chan, Kai-chan!]

[Yes?]

[Here, ahhn\~\~]

[Mguff?!]

When I turned around when I was called, the next moment, Fate-san slammed the
calamari in her hand into my mouth at great speed. That’s a really fast
“Ahhn\~\~” there. I was so shocked that I immediately threw my head back...
Unnn, as I thought, this kinda feels different.

[Ohh, let’s eat that too! Kai-chan!]

[Eh? Hey, wait...]

However, she isn’t entertaining my circumstances, as Fate-san rapidly pulled me
again. There probably aren’t many situations where the word “swept along” fits
like this, and it’s making me feel troubled in a different way than when she was
slacking off. But well... I guess it’s a good thing that Fate-san seems to be
enjoying herself...

I wonder how much time has passed, the dynamic Fate-san was incredibly energetic
and she was already swinging me around. I thought we were eating at food stalls,
but she suddenly got interested in what seems to be a play and headed that way,
is what I thought, but she suddenly started talking about looking at clothes...
On the way, I just thought that I should stop caring and went along with the
flow.

[Well\~\~ We’ve really enjoyed ourselves\~\~]

[...Huhh... I-I guess so.]

[That was really fun\~\~]

As I sat on a bench in the plaza, completely exhausted, Fate-san took out her
cushion again, with a really happy smile on her face. I-I’m really tired...
Fate-san seemed to be having fun, and as I was swept around by the cheerful
Fate-san, even though it was kind of a disaster, I really had fun.

[Hmm\~\~ It’s about time, so shall we go back?]

[Roger that.]

[Then, take me away\~\~]

[...]

Apparently, the energetic mode has completely ended, and as her Fate-san
reddish-purple back twintails swayed, she called out to me like a spoiled child.
I’ve already given up when she’s acting lazy like this, so I let out another
sigh before getting up and approaching Fate-san to pull her hand.

[Ahh, right, right, I almost forgot.]

[Eh?]

[This is my thanks for today... Chuu\~\~]

[ ? ! ]

[Fufufu, let’s go out again... Okay?]

The moment I approached, Fate-san suddenly raised her upper body, muttering that
she would thank me, and with swift movements, she kissed my cheek before moving
back. I was stunned by her sudden actions, but Fate-san returned back to
slacking around on the cushion, not seeming to care about it. No, looking
closely... It was just a slight, so slight that one wouldn’t have noticed it if
they didn’t pay attention to it... but I could certainly see a slight blush on
her cheeks.

---

Early in the morning of my fifth day in the Hydra Kingdom, I came to where I met
the grandpa before again to talk to him.

[I see, you’re leaving this evening huh.]

[Yes... Ahh. but I’ll come back to visit from time to time.]

[Fuhahaha, you really are quite the honest one, aren’t you? Even though I asked
you, I didn’t expect you would come visit me here everyday, you know?]

[Ah, now, well, I had plenty of time to spare anyway...]

Incidentally, I’ve been coming to this place where I met this grandpa every
morning since I met him. It seems that this grandpa has some work he needs to
do, so we weren’t able to talk for that long, and we just had some light
conversation.

[Ohh, that’s right! Since this is the last day of your stay here in Hydra
Kingdom, how about we go drink some tea?]

[Unnn? Ah, yes.]

[I have an acquaintance who eats unusual sweets, and this one is my favorite.]

[...Is that a rice cracker?]

[Umu, I think that’s what it’s called.]

The grandpa is still advancing the casual talk as usual, and I noticed that the
topic of conversation had switched already, but I don’t particularly care about
that as I’ve gotten used to it over the past few days. More importantly, I
didn’t expect to see rice crackers in this place... I wonder if this grandpa’s
acquaintance is someone who held the role of Hero back then?

[I can’t get enough of these rice crackers and green tea... Here, let’s eat
together.]

[Thank you.]

With a grin on his wrinkled face, the old man offered me a teacup with green tea
and some rice crackers, which I accepted and ate with him. How should I say
this... We’re currently eating on the coast, but I feel like I’m eating on the
veranda... It somehow reminded me of my grandfather, and I feel a bit nostalgic.
I haven’t seen them much since my parents died and my other relatives took me
in... I wonder if they’re doing well?

[Hmmm. This is good.]

[Yes, and the sea breeze also feels nice.]

[Ohh, you can understand huh?! The wind here is really great!]

It’s good to relax while looking at the sea like this once in a while. While I
was thinking about such things and taking a bite of the rice cracker in my hand,
the grandpa suddenly spoke with a calm tone in his voice.

[However, you are quite the good man, aren’t you? You aren’t even showing a hint
of displeasure on your face even when this old man is talking about worldly
matters.]

[I enjoy talking to grandpa too, and I also learned lots of things from you.]

[Hahaha, I see! You really are a pleasant young man... I don’t mean to badmouth
the youngsters these days, but most of them are always pressed for time. It
couldn’t be helped, for our time in this world is limited but... I don’t like
having such thoughts that much.]

As I grew up in Japan, I feel that people in this world are using their time
wisely, but from the grandpa’s point of view, they seem to be in quite a hurry.
What the grandpa is saying is certainly right, time is limited for humans... You
can’t reverse the time that has flown past. No, well, I certainly know a few
people who might be able to overturn that law but...

[Are you saying that because we have a limited amount of time, it’s better to
use that time for your heart’s desires?]

[Yeah, there’s nothing wrong with rushing things or being impatient about
things. However, if we live our lives pressed for time, we would be stuck in a
vicious circle, wouldn’t we? Sometimes, it’s important to take your mind off
things, and look at the grand sceneries of the journey you’re traveling on.]

[That’s really deep.]

[If that’s what you think about such words, then you’ll be alright.]

I don’t know if it’s because of all the experiences he had accumulated, but his
words sound like he had lived much longer than I have. Trying to etch those
words in my mind, I thought about making sure that I didn’t forget to keep some
leeway in my mind. Well, I’m fortunate enough to be blessed with people. There
are plenty of people who would admonish me or reach out their hands to me when
they find out that I’m in a hurry... And I’m really grateful and happy for that.

[Well, putting those things aside... I’ll be repeating myself but, young man,
you’re a good man.]

[Huh? E-Errr, thank you?]

[Umu, what do you think? How about you become my husband (muko[^muko])?]

[Eh? Ummm... Are you talking about your grandchild?]

[U-Umu... O-Oohhh, that’s right!]

It feels like he was caught up in his words in the latter half of our
conversation, but I’ll just obediently take that as a compliment.

[...Errr, well, let’s leave that conversation for another time...]

[I was rejected huh\~\~ No, that might be the secret to being popular...]

[Is that how it is?]

[It is what it is.]

[...Pfft.]

[...Fuuu.]

[ [ Ahahahaha. ] ]

I don’t know if it’s somehow because of the way he said those words or not, but
I feel like the atmosphere around us was amusing, as the grandpa and I looked at
each other and laughed. He’s a really cheerful and energetic grandpa, and it’s
as if I was infected by his cheerfulness. As expected, having a conversation
with a mood like this wouldn’t be difficult... No, having such conversation is
fun instead.

[...Whoa there, this is no good. It’s already time huh...]

[You need to go to work?]

[Umu, there are some very annoying people back in my place... they’re really
working this old man too hard.]

[I’m sure that shows how much they’re relying on you.]

[Uumu, I’d really like to retire already though... Well, let’s get going then.]

[Yes. Thank you for the meal today.]

Looking at the grandpa as he lightly scratched his head while standing up, I
thanked him for the rice crackers and green tea before standing up as well.

[Umu. Keep yourself healthy... Come visit and talk with me again.]

[Yes. I’ll come again. Take care of yourself too, grandpa.]

[Yeah... Well then, till we meet again.]

[Yes. See you then.]

With a bright smile on my face, I saw him off as he walked away, carrying his
fishing rod, and I took a quick walk along the beach in the early morning
sunshine before returning to the inn.

Now then, since I told the grandpa that I’m going back to Symphonia Kingdom,
this should be the end of what I need to do in the Hydra Kingdom... but that’s
not the case at all. In fact, this wasn’t included in my plans, but this was
something decided after I went with the flow. When I left the inn at around
noon, I found the person I had an appointment with…... Shea-san.

Shea-san asked me before for something she can do as an apology, to which I
replied that she could buy me a meal, so she’s going to treat me to lunch today.
She’s still wearing her black robe and sailor uniform, and although I knew that
this would be the case, she isn’t making eye contact with me.

[I’m sorry, Shea-san. Thank you for waiting.]

[...I don’t mind. I’m tied up in this dastardly ruse now anyway.]

[N-No, we’re just going out to eat today... right?]

[You’re trying to tell me that’s not enough huh... How low can you be...]

Stop right there\~\~! Can someone please remove the negative filters on this
person’s mind?! She’s making it sound like I’m the big bad guy here!

[...Let’s get this over with.]

[Yes. By the way, what did you plan for us to eat?]

[Kuhh... “Can you even find a shop that satisfies me?” is what you’re saying
huh... I’ll let you have your composure for now, for that thought will soon
disappear.]

[...]

...We’re just going out to eat lunch, right? Why the heck does this conversation
sound like we’re going to have a duel? This woman’s no good. Anything I say is
automatically translated to a negative direction. How haughty and arrogant am I
in this person’s mind?

I’m walking with Shea-san through the city to have lunch with her... but the
troubling matter is that the conversation doesn’t get lively at all. Of course,
this is partly due to Shea-san’s negative filter, but more than that, it’s
probably because I haven’t been able to gauge Shea-san’s character yet. To be
honest, I still don’t know what kind of person Shea-san is or what kind of
personality she has. In fact, Shea-san’s personality is difficult to read. I
don’t know if she doesn’t think of me that well or not, but she’s indeed being
hostile towards me, is what I thought, but she suddenly gave me those snacks and
a roundabout apology... I really can’t understand her.

Following Shea-san’s back as she silently walked a few distance in front of me,
I was looking at her back and thought of initiating some kind of conversation,
when Shea-san suddenly stopped.

[Is something the matter?]

[...]

As I tilted my head and asked her, Shea-sand didn’t answer my words and only
slightly turned her face towards a direction. Out of the corner of her eye is
the figure of a young girl who was buying a snack that resembles an ice cream
from a food cart and has a happy smile on her face.

Is something the matter with that young girl? As I was thinking that, the young
girl ran past us Shea-san and I with a happy expression on her face... At that
moment, I saw what looked like a glowing line on the young girl’s body flash in
an instant.

![Insert 3](../../_Images/v10/Insert3.jpg#.insert)

[S-Shea-san?! That is... What is that?]

[...]

Before I knew it, Shea-san was holding an ominous-looking scythe in her hands.
Looking at Shea-san’s current stance, no matter how I look at it, it feels like
she has already swung that scythe, and I hurriedly looked at the young girl from
earlier but... It doesn’t seem like her body was particularly cut or anything
like that. Shea-san takes a glance at the flustered me, before she makes her
scythe disappear and starts walking as if nothing happened.

[...My scythe can sever misfortune.]

[...Eh?]

[You can just think of these misfortunes as things that brought people
unhappiness.]

[Errr, does that mean that something like that was about to happen to the young
girl earlier?]

[...Misfortune is everywhere. These misfortunes can be big or small.]

Does that mean it’s something like how those people banish bad luck? Did she do
that to that young girl who was just there?

[...If I just unreasonably sever a great misfortune, it may affect them.
However, if it’s just a small misfortune, there wouldn’t be a problem if I just
sever it.]

[...Incidentally, what would happen to the young girl earlier if you didn’t do
anything?]

[I dunno? I can’t see fate just like God of Fate-san could. I could just see
misfortunes... I wouldn’t know what would happen unless I see it happen, but
with a misfortune of that size, well... It will probably just be something to
the extent that she will trip and drop her snack.]

It seems that Shea-san can’t see fate, but she can see what could be called as
omens of misfortune, and she had severed the misfortune that was inside the
young girl just now. If she hadn’t done so, the young girl would have suffered a
small misfortune such as tripping on a pebble.

[...Then, Shea-san helped that young girl...]

[Don’t misunderstand. Other than the people they have blessed, the Gods don’t
just help every single person she meets.]

[Eh? H-However, just now...]

[...I was just doing my daily swinging exercise, and that brat just happened to
be walking through there. That’s all there is to it!]

[Eh? Ah, yes...]

[...Hmph.]

That’s a really forced excuse she made there but, I see, I guess that’s just
like Shea-san... I may have misunderstood her. There was some harshness in her
speech and conduct, but she’s unlike the Gods who wouldn’t help just about
anyone... I could clearly see it now after she gently helped that young girl.
She’s a kind person at heart. Well, I’ll just keep it to myself, because
Shea-san would probably get mad at me if I say that out loud.

Shea-san brought me to one of the restaurants and after going inside, we sat
down. Since Shea-san is the No. 5 of the God Realm and the top of the
High-ranking Gods, I thought that there may be a commotion that would happen
with our arrival but... It seems that Shea-san is someone who basically works
behind the scenes, and since she doesn’t appear that much, her face is hardly
known by the public. So, even if she’s sitting on a chair in a normal restaurant
like this, she doesn’t need to cast Recognition Inhibition Magic on herself.

[...Order whatever you want.]

[Ah, yes.]

While looking at the restaurant which somehow has an ethnic feel to it, I looked
at the menu that Shea-san handed me.

...Doesn’t all of them look spicy? What kind of shop is this? A restaurant
specializing in spicy food? It seems that the hot and spicy snack that Shea-san
gave me before was really her favorite, so I decided to order the relatively
milder one from the menu that was filled with spicy looking stuff. When the
waitress came to take my order, Shea-san and I each ordered a dish...

[You are free to choose how spicy the food in our restaurant is, so would you
like it to be adjusted?]

[...100 times more.]

[Eh?]

[Eh?]

Hearing Shea-san’s words as she said that so matter-of-factly, both me and the
waitress reflexively stiffened.

[...100 times more.]

[U-Ummm, I beg your pardon, ma’am... B-But we’re a restaurant that sells food
that is already spicy enough. I’m not saying that it’s impossible for us but...
Ummm, are you really alright with that?]

[There’s no problem. 100 times more spicy for me.]

[U-Understood... Would you also like 100 times more spicy, sir?]

[N-No, just regular spiciness...]

When the waitress asks me, clearly shaken by Shea-san’s order, I tell her that
I’m fine with normal spiciness. 100 times spicier, are you freaking kidding me?!
Eating something like that would make my taste buds disappear. And as the waiter
bowed her head and left, for some reason, Shea-san looked at me with a surprised
expression on her face and muttered.

[...You, could it be... You’re one of those people with a sweet tooth?]

[...]

No, that’s not right. Just because I ordered something with regular spiciness in
a restaurant that specializes in spicy food, you’re asking me if I have a sweet
tooth... How terrifying could your criteria be...

After we waited for a while, the waitress brought us the delicious-looking dish
with normal spiciness that I ordered and... a frightening dish that looked like
“it was boiling red like lava”.

Red... I couldn’t see any other color on it other than red... Can you really eat
something like that? With that thought in mind, I looked at Shea-san as she took
a bit of her food... and her expression puckered up a bit. S-See, I knew that it
would be too spicy for Shea-san too...

[...Still a bit sweet.]

[...]

Is her taste buds broken already? Where the heck can you see any sweetness in
that dish? That dish is already on a level that makes me feel its spiciness just
by looking at it... U-Unbelievable. A-As I thought, is Chronois-san really the
only sane person among the Gods?

I feel like I saw something terrifying. With that feeling in my mind, I finished
my food and walked out of the restaurant, who had just consumed a dish that I
wouldn’t even hesitate to call extremely hot.

[...Shea-san, thank you for the food.]

[Hmm... How can you eat such a sweet dish?]

[...]

Rather than that, isn’t it me who should be asking you how you could eat a
really spicy dish like that, Shea-san? No, seriously...

[...Anyway, I’ve fulfilled my promise now. You don’t have any complaints with
that, right?]

[Eh? Yes, thank you very much.]

[Then, let’s go back.]

[Yes.]

Saying that, Shea-san started walking while I started walking towards the inn.
Arehh? However, Shea-san is staying in the royal palace, right? Isn’t the royal
palace in the opposite direction... Could it be that she was sending me back to
the inn? As I was going down the street, thinking about this, Shea-san stopped
again and her face turned somewhere. This time, the sea was out in front of her
gaze, and she could see a boat in the distance, looking like they were catching
fishes.

[Fumu, there’s a great misfortune this time huh.]

[Eh? In that ship?]

[...]

[W-What are you going to do?]

The words Shea-san quietly muttered, great misfortune... which should mean that
the ship could sink or something like that... Thinking about such a possibility,
I asked her about it, but Shea-san looked as if she saw nothing in particular
and took her gaze off the ship.

[Nothing. Like I said, Gods doesn’t help Humans in every single thing.

[...B-But...]

[Don’t impose your good intentions on me... I don’t care what you think, but
everyone has different values. Don’t ask me to do something that you think is
right.]

[Eh?! I-I’m sorry.]

[...Tsk.]

Listening to Shea-san’s words, sounding somewhat annoyed, I bowed my head.
Indeed, it may not be right for me to ask Shea-san to save that ship. Thinking
about this, my shoulders slumped a bit, but I can’t really overlook them now
that I know about it. The moment I was thinking of a way I could help them,
Shea-san clicked her tongue and took out her scythe.

[…...A swing to clear away disasters...]

[ ? ! ]

After quietly muttering, Shea-san brandished her scythe and a huge jet-black
slash immediately flew out of her and flew towards the ship. As the slash
disappeared as if it was sucked into the ship, Shea-san made her scythe
disappear as if nothing had happened.

[...Shea-san.]

[If I were to sever a great misfortune, it may affect them but... Well, if I get
serious about it, I can adjust to that kind of thing... I owed a debt of
gratitude to you for persuading God of Fate-sama before. Just this once, I’ll go
along with your naive thoughts.]

[...T-Thank you very much.]

[...Hmph... It would be great if everyone can be happy on their own...]

After announcing that, sounding a bit uninterested, Shea-san started walking
again. The moment I heard those words, it’s just a hunch but... I somehow feel
like Shea-san was going to help that ship without me saying anything else.

[...Shea-san, you’re a really kind person, aren’t you?]

[Wha?! W-W-W-What kind of nonsense are you talking about now?! What kind of
schemes are you brewing now?!]

[Eh? Ah, no, I’m sorry. I’m not plotting any schemes, I just reflexively spoke
what I was thinking...]

[Kuhh... S-Shut up, idiot! Go die!!!]

[E-Eeehhhh...]

What I said was meant to be honest words of praise, but Shea-san, probably not
used to being praised, shouted with her face bright red, and ran off. How should
I say this... Looking at her back as she ran away... The word tsundere just
popped into my mind.

---

After being abruptly taken towards the Hydra Kingdom and staying there for
nearly 5 days and 4 nights... we finally returned to the familiar mansion.
Fate-san, Shea-san and Heart-san had to report to the God Realm, or more
specifically, to Chronois-san, and that’s why we parted ways at the Hydra
Kingdom. Fate-san insisted on taking me back to the mansion, but no matter how I
look at it, she was just trying to escape because she had to report to
Chronois-san, so I refused her and returned with Teleportation Magic.

After returning to the mansion, the first thing I did was to go to the office to
report to Lilia-san and greet her, and when I entered the room, there were
Lilia-san, Lunamaria-san and Sieg-san... the usual trio.

[Welcome back, Kaito-san... How was your visit to the Hydra Kingdom?]

[Yes, I had lots of fun there. Ahh, here, I brought some souvenirs.]

It seemed that Heart-san had contacted them, so Lilia-san knew that I wasn’t
caught up in something important, and she greeted me with a gentle smile on her
face. As we lightly exchanged chit-chat while I was handing over the souvenirs I
had brought, Lilia-san’s expression turned serious after a moment and with a
grave tone, she spoke.

[...So, you also encountered King Hydra, right?]

[Eh? No, I didn’t though?]

[...Eh?]

Why is she assuming that I’ve encountered the King of another country? N-No, as
expected, after all the things that had happened, I guess I can’t complain
huh... H-However, now that she mentioned it, I think that I really didn’t meet
the King on this trip. I’ve met Shea-san, a remarkable person of the God Realm,
but not the Hydra King, someone who’s not a VIP human like the Hydra King...
Ahh, could it be... that grandpa is actually the King?

[...Lilia-san, is His Majesty, the King of Hydra Kingdom an elderly man?]

[Eh? No, she’s a petite woman of the Mermaid race. But then, Mermaids are
long-lived species, so her actual age is quite a bit older than her
appearance...]

[...So, I guess I really didn’t meet her then.]

Apparently, the King of Hydra Kingdom is a girl of the Mermaid race... Unnn. For
once, I really don’t have a clue.

[R-Really?]

[Yes, I certainly saw some Mermaids often in the city... but I didn’t talk with
any of them, and I don’t think I’ve met any of them who feels like a King.]

[...]

When I honestly told her that I had no idea about it, Lilia-san’s eyes opened
wide and she stiffened for some reason. Then, she turned to me, looking as if
she was thinking about something, then slowly moved her gaze to the side.

[...Luna!]

[Yes... “His pulse rate is normal”.]

[...Sieg!]

[Hmmm. He doesn’t have any fever.]

[Hey...]

Along with Lilia-san’s words, Lunamaria-san checks my pulse and Sieg-san puts
her hand on my forehead to check if I don’t have any fever. After hearing their
words, Lilia-san turned pale, and looking as if she was shuddering, she
muttered.

[...No way, for that Kaito-san to not get to know anyone powerful when he walked
out on his own? T-That’s... not possible!]

[Milady, I agree with you... I think it would be better if we commission the
royal physician and have a look at him...]

[B-Both of you, please calm down. Even if he didn’t encounter powerful people
there, you may just be exaggerating it. It may just be that Kaito-san was
fatigued after being suddenly sent to an unfamiliar place, and it might be best
for us to let him get some rest first before seeing how things go.]

...What the heck is with this situation? Why the heck are they acting like it’s
an anomaly that I haven’t met King Hydra? Strange, no matter how I think about
it, this is strange... I’d like to spend an hour questioning what kind of person
I am within Lilia-san and the others’ minds.

[...Kaito-san, how about you take some rest today? You may have been gathering
quite the fatigue... I will also have something nourishing brought to your room
so you can rest...]

[No, no, wait, Lilia-san? It’s not like I’m feeling unwell... So, please don’t
look so seriously worried about me...]

[H-However...]

Apparently, in Lilia-san and the others’ minds, the fact that I didn’t meet King
Hydra means that I’m feeling unwell, especially Lilia-san, who was nervously
speaking to me with a worried expression on her face.

...Moreover, they aren’t being sarcastic or were just doing this to tease me,
they’re seriously worried that I’m feeling unwell?! If they’re like this, I
can’t complain about their strangeness... W-What should I do, is there something
that could derail their thoughts... Wait, that’s right!

[Ummm, Lilia-san. I haven’t met King Hydra…... but I met a High-ranking God, God
of Disasters-sama, you know?]

[...Eh?]

[No, like I said, I became acquaintances with God of Disasters-sama.]

[...]

Yes, I certainly didn’t meet King Hydra this time, but I did get to know
Shea-san, the No. 5 of the God Realm. If I were asked if we get along well, I
think that would be quite complicated…... But we certainly became acquaintances.
When I told that to Lilia-san, she was silent for a while and then let out a
sigh of relief from the bottom of her heart.

[...T-Thank goodness... It seems that Kaito-san is the same as usual.]

[...]

[Yes, he certainly is Miyama-sama, I thought that we were talking with a fake in
disguise.]

[Oi, stop right there, you useless maid...]

[Errr, anyway, I’m glad to hear that Kaito-san seems to be doing well. Also,
Luna, you’re being rude to Kaito-san, you know?]

[...Thank you for that. Sieg-san.]

The only person on my side is Sieg-san. Unnn, Sieg-san really has been the only
one who has been consistently concerned about my health all along, and being
around the tremendously different atmosphere around her feels refreshing.

[Well\~\~ Seriously, I’m glad that Miyama-sama is as usual. This Lunamaria is
truly happy for you. I thought you had some sort of disease... Oops, in a way,
you can say that the usual you was the one with a disease, right? Milady?]

[N-No, I wouldn’t go that far...]

[Good gracious, as expected of Miyama-sama! Demons, Gods, Humans, the ability to
seduce all kinds of beings without betraying everyone’s expectations is quite
marvelous. You’re unlike a normal popular guy. I wonder where you’ll get the
next one? I guess it’s about time you snag someone from another world?]

[...]

This sh\*tty maid! She has a happy expression on her face, as if she’s a fish in
the waters! Would it be alright if I punch her at least once? Well, even if I
tried punching her, she would probably just evade it huh... Glaring at
Lunamaria-san, who had a mocking smile on her face, I was about to complain
but... Before I could do that, a sharp fist slammed towards Lunamaria-san’s
stomach.

[Gafuu?!]

[Cut that out, Luna... I won’t allow you to tease Kaito-san any further.]

[S-Sieg-san!]

Quickly hammering down the devil towards the ground, Sieg-san is definitely an
angel. She’s making me feel in love all over again.

[N-No, it’s not like I’m teasing Miyama-sama, I’m just being a little
mischievous... Ah, no, that’s a lie! My apologies! I apologized, I have already
apologized, so please stop holding your sword?!]

[...Lili, can I borrow Luna for a bit? I’m just going to scold her for a bit.]

[Yes, you don’t have to scold her for a bit, please thoroughly scold her.]

[Milady?!]

Seeing Lunamaria-san, who still hasn’t learned her lesson and was about to mess
around again, Sieg-san seriously got angry at her... And after asking
Lilia-san’s permission, she grabbed Lunamaria-san by the scruff of her neck and
dragged her away. I wonder why... I felt like Lunamaria-san looked like a cattle
that was about to be sent to the butcher for a moment... Well, Lunamaria-san had
it coming.

[...Kaito-san, I’m sorry. I also lost my composure.]

[Ah, no, I certainly did put you in lots of worries before...]

[Fufu, but I agree with Sieg. Most of all, I’m glad to see Kaito-san come back
healthy and safe... Once again, welcome home, Kaito-san.]

[Yes. I’m home.]

After apologizing for what she just said, with a kind smile on her face,
Lilia-san said she was happy to see me return. Her smile is really warm and
inexplicably reassuring me... And seeing that smile, I somehow felt comfortable
around her.

Dear Mom, Dad—There was quite the commotion when I returned, but I still think
it’s nice to be back here. When Lilia-san told me “Welcome home” with a gentle
smile, it felt really natural to me—that I was able to say “I’m home”.

[^muko]:
    Muko means two things, it could mean being your husband/groom, which the
    King here asked Kaito. The other one is son-in-law, which is what Kaito
    thought, since someone with the face of a grandpa said that.
