---
toc: true
---

# Serious-senpai's Room: Act 10

The usual waiting room.

Serious-senpai, who can already be called the owner of this room, placed the
10th Volume of “I was Caught up in a Hero Summoning, but That World is at Peace”
in her hand on the desk, and with a complicated expression on her face, she
turned her gaze to the person sitting in front of her across the table. Feeling
her gaze, the rust-colored-haired girl with a mechanical wing on her right
shoulder cutely tilted her head.

[Is something the matter? You have a rather complicated expression on your
face.]

[Why are you here?]

[I thought Serious-senpai might be bored here, so I came to hang out with you?]

[...No, ummm... I’ll say this from the bottom of my heart. I’m not saying this
as a joke, nor am I keeping up appearances here, I’m saying this from the bottom
of my heart. I’m really, really serious here... “I’m begging you, please go
home”.]

[Eh? W-Why? Did I do something wrong?]

[Putting aside if it’s ? ? ? or Under King, I really have to be mindful about
things here with you around. At least, if you want to come out, do it a few more
volumes later...]

When Serious-senpai pleaded with the girl... Earth God Makina, who was sitting
in front of her, Makina spoke with a bright smile on her face.

[Ahh, I see! It’s alright. I certainly may be a God, but you don’t have to be
mindful about me. Let’s put aside our status here in this room.]

[Like hell I’m being mindful of you!]

[Eh? Arehh?]

[Look, putting aside the Web Novel readers, there should be little information
about you for those who have only read the Light Novel. So far, at best, they
should only have the impression that you’re a God who used to be Alice’s best
friend, or something like that. What I’m saying here is that the Light Novel
readers don’t know how “dangerous” you are.]

Even though Serious-senpai said this with the most serious face she has ever had
since this series has been published, Makina tilted her head again, seemingly
not bothered by Serious-senpai’s words.

[How dangerous I am, you say, I think I’m rather normal though...]

[Heck, if I had to choose who the most dangerous people in this series are, it
would either be you or Pandora, so being compared to that, isn’t that already
enough to show how dangerous you are!?]

[T-That’s just...]

[Moreover, what’s so annoying about you is that even though you’re so dangerous,
“under certain conditions”, or rather, “in the absence of a certain person”, you
actually seemed like a proper person. The Light Novel readers who see how you
act here in the back cover will be fooled and would be in for a big shock when
your dangerousness is revealed in the next volume!]

[...That’s quite a thing you said there. H-Hmmm. But if what Serious-senpai says
really is true, and besides, I’ve already appeared in the Light Novel...]

[There’s also that too.]

After hearing Makina’s words, which were slightly pushed back by her
tremendously menacing look, Serious-senpai looked like she had also just
realized something... but after a little while, she looked like she just gave
up.

[...Well, just the fact that I was able to warn the readers here should be
enough for me to say I’ve done my part here.]

[...What were you supposed to do here again?]

[What’s with that question, it’s already too late to be asking that... This is
the section where I, the serious of the serious, Serious-senpai, explains the
highlights of the latest volume in an easy-to-understand manner.]

She had actually never introduced any of those highlights, not just in this
volume, but also in the previous ones, but it seems that Serious-senpai thinks
that this was such a corner.

[...Was there such a thing within our conversation so far? Well, never mind. If
you’re talking about the highlights of this volume, I’d also like to introduce
it myself!]

[You want to introduce the highlight?]

[Unnn! Of course, the highlight would be “my beloved child”...]

The moment Makina announced this with a big smile on her face, Serious-senpai
got up from her chair and tried to escape from the room with all her might.
However, the tightly closed door showed no signs of opening.

[Open up! Open uuuuuuup! She’ll brainwash me! She’ll freaking brainwash
meeeeee!!! I mean, can’t you just save your dangerousness for the next
voluuuuuuume!!!]

And so, once again today, the waiting room was filled with Serious-senpai’s
bitter cries.

![Bonus Illustration](../../_Images/v10/SS01-Illust.jpg#.insert)
