---
template: afterword
---

# Afterword

For picking up the 3rd Volume of “I was Caught up in a Hero Summoning, but That
World is at Peace”, thank you very much. In the 3rd Volume, we finally get some
information about the Six Kings of the Demon Realm. This time, I'd like to talk
a little bit about the Six Kings here.

First up is the Underworld King, the Main Heroine of the series, Kuromueina.
She's very warm-hearted and is loved by many people around the world, just like
Lunamaria. Her true identity has been known since the 1st Volume, but I think
she's still a mysterious character. Incidentally, as you may have noticed, she's
the main heroine of the story, so she's my favorite.

Next up is the Death King, Isis who appeared in the 2nd Volume and is also
active in the 3rd Volume. As I mentioned in the afterword of the 2nd Volume, I
think her pure and single-minded character is very cute.

And although she had appeared in the 2nd Volume, she had only met Kaito in the
3rd Volume, the World King, Lillywood Yggdrasil. She is also known as the
conscience of the Six Kings, and is a very kind and sensible being. It was
because she had been taking care of the troubles caused by the other members of
the Six Kings, taking the position of the troubled one in the Demon Realm. I'm
digressing, but she has the biggest chest size among the characters in the
series.

The three remaining characters are the War King, Dragon King, and Phantasmal
King, whose details are still unknown.

The War King Megiddo, as you can see from the information given so far, was a
battle maniac, and the roughest among the Six Kings. The next person Kaito would
meet would be such a Megiddo. Incidentally, Ozma, who appeared in the 3rd
Volume, is Megiddo's subordinate.

The Dragon King Magnawell is, as Lilia said before, the largest creature in the
world, with a body that could be mistaken as a mountain range. Of course,
there's his voice brimming in majesty, but he's the type of person who plans
things very carefully, so in a sense, he might be the most kingly among the Six
Kings.

Finally, I'm going to talk about the Phantasmal King, No Face, who will be the
key character in the series from here on out. She gives off the impression of a
mastermind pulling the strings behind the scenes, and at this point, her purpose
is still unknown. I guess the part that had only been revealed in the 3rd Volume
would be the existence of “that person”. As for Phantasmal King, she was only
shown making preparations behind the scenes... but well, those who read the web
novel already know who she is, so I guess it's a little too late huh. As the
author though, she certainly is one of my favorite characters, and it's a shame
that I can't talk about how I feel about her yet.

From here onwards, the story will be called the “Six Kings Arc”, and for a
while, the Demon Realm's Six Kings will be the focus of the story. The scope of
action of the protagonist, Kaito, has expanded, and he is finally on his way to
visit the Demon Realm. The Demon Realm's Six Kings... the thing Kuromueina
wishes for, the story of the crux of the matter... I hope everyone looks forward
to the next volume.

Thank you very much for reading until the end. I'd be happy to talk to you again
like this in the afterword of the 4th Volume.
