---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 2: An Unexpected Reunion and a New Encounter

It's been about an hour since Lilia-san left, looking out of character, and I'm
now walking the streets of Rigforeshia by myself. After the two of them left,
Rei-san and Fia-san seemed to have regained their composure and offered to show
us around the city with a strangely high level of tension. For some reason
though, they wanted Sieg-san and I to go out alone, and after they forcefully
pushed this formation, Rei-san and Fia-san ended up being the ones guiding
Kusonoki-san and Yuzuki-san, while Sieg-san will be my guide, so I was supposed
to be walking around the city with Sieg-san but...

As expected though, Sieg-san's behavior was somewhat strange, as she seemed to
be concerned about Lilia-san and Lunamaria-san, so I told her that I was just
going to stroll around the neighborhood and that it was okay for her to go check
on them. Sieg-san was hesitating at first, but in the end, she went to where
Lilia-san and Lunamaria-san are, so I was left here alone.

Well, it's good if she could take care of what may have been happening with
Lilia-san and Lunamaria-san, but I don't know Rigforeshia well enough to explore
it alone, so I'm trying to wander around the neighborhood while avoiding places
that look too weird. The town is lively and bustling with activity as the Sacred
Tree Festival is coming up tomorrow... The atmosphere really is like that day
before christmas, as I could even see some couples here and there. It would be
great if these riajuus would explode though...

However, I knew that something like this would happen, but being alone within
this atmosphere really isn't very nice. It would be great if I could at least
find one person I knew here, but I'm afraid I don't know anyone in this place...

[Aaaahhhhhh!!!]

[?!]

[It's Kaitokun-san!]

[Huh?]

Turning my head when I heard a loud voice, I saw a familiar pink-blonde haired
fairy who looked less than 50cm... I think she's roughly around 30cm tall.

[...Raz-san?!]

[Long time no see~~]

The young fairy girl who I met when Kuro invited me to have barbecue before,
Razelia-san, a family member of Kuro's, flits around me with her small wings,
with a bright smile on her face.

[It's been a while. I never expected that I would meet you here. Is Raz-san here
for the Sacred Tree Festival too?]

[That's right~~ The fairies also live in this forest after all, so there are
plenty of Raz's friends here~~]

[I see, but I'm glad to see you again.]

[Raz is also glad to see Kaitokun-san!]

Incidentally, Raz-san has always called me “Kaitokun-san”, because she said that
this is because Kuro calls me Kaito-kun, so she just put “-san” in there... Of
course I corrected her, but she never corrected the way she's calling me.

[Arya? Somehow, hasn't Kaitokun-san become cooler?]

[Eh?]

[I don't really know why, but it feels gentle and warm near Kaitokun-san. Hmmm.
It feels like I'm near Shallow Vernal-sama.]

[Shiro-san did give me her blessings so...]

[Ahhh~~ I see. Shallow Vernal-sama is the God of the world, so Kaitokun-san, who
received Shallow Vernal-sama's blessing, is loved by the world. That's why Raz
who was born from nature feels so comfortable with Kaitokun-san's magic power~~]

[Heehhh, I didn't know the blessing I received had that effect.]

I've never understood the effect of Shiro-san's blessing but it seems that her
blessing has the effect of making me loved by the world, and for a fairy that
was born from nature, the magic power I was clad feels comfortable for them. I
heard before that having a peaceful walk through the forest has a relaxing
effect, so the effect may be something like that.

[Arehh? Speaking of which, Raz-san... Did you get a haircut?]

[I didn't though?]

[Eh? No, but when I met you before, you had long hair...]

[Ahh! Raz can change the length of her hair as I like. That's why, I keep it
like this in the days, then let it grow out at night!]

[H-Heehhh...]

I see, she can do something like that huh... I was a little surprised, but since
Raz-san is a fairy, a human's common sense wouldn't apply to her.

[Did you come here alone, Raz-san?]

[Nope~~ I came with Neun.]

[With Neun-san?]

[Yes. Neun looked like she's depressed, so we came here for a change of
scenery~~]

[She's depressed, you say, what is Neun-san doing now?]

[...Look over there.]

[...What the heck is that...]

In response to my question, I looked in the direction Raz-san pointed at, and
saw a black armor sitting on the edge of the road... sitting in that position we
used to do in PE class. That's definitely Neun-san... but what the heck is with
that situation? O rather, how the heck could she sit like that even in full
armor?

[What happened, for her to be like that?]

[That's the thing~~ Since Kaitokun-san taught her how to make tofu before, Neun
was very excited about it. At first, Ein-san was the one making it, but she was
determined to make it herself next time.]

[Fumu fumu.]

[And then, she began working on it each and every day, that she even began to
mumble about how it's “not smooth enough” or “not deep enough”.]

[She's quite particular about it huh.]

Neun-san seems to be very particular about Japanese food, and she has been
trying to make delicious tofu without compromising with it. I see, she said she
would come visit to share with us some of the tofu when she finished making it,
but she never came to visit us because she wasn't satisfied with the quality of
the product. I didn't know Neun-san that well yet, but I can understand that
she's a big Japanese food fan, and I guess she won't be convinced by a food made
half-heartedly.

[Because of that, Raz and Acht-kun became curious about Tofu-san. But Neun
wouldn't let us eat until she was satisfied with what she made. But Raz wanted
to try eating it, so I asked Ein-san to make some.]

[Ein-san would definitely make it in no time.]

[Yep yep. She made it right away and ate it with Acht-kun. Acht-kun said it was
“tasteless”, but Raz thinks Tofu-san is soft, jiggly and very tasty.]

I don't know if Raz is vegetarian or if it's because of her racial trait, but
she can't eat any meat at all. Thinking back, I remembered that she only ate
vegetables back when we're having barbecue. Anyway, for Raz-san, it seems that
tofu made from soybeans was very tasty.

[And that's when she appeared. Neun came in right at that time and told us how
she finished making her own Tofu-san.]

[Fumu...]

[But seeing Raz and Acht-kun eating Tofu-san, it seems like she was confident
with her own Tofu-san, saying “Even if it's made by Ein-sama, it's not going to
be better than the one I made.”]

[...What a daredevil.]

In other words, although the person herself doesn't intend to do so, Neun-san
seems to have challenged that monstrous maid. That's no good. No matter how much
I wanted to side with Neun-san, the only future I can see with that battle is
where she kneels in defeat.

[Then, after she said that, she took a bite of the Tofu-san that Ein-san made...
She just sat down on the ground, said “A bug of my size has shown disrespect to
the maid, Ein-sama. My apologies. Please let me continue to eat this tofu even
in the future.” as she cried.]

Her heart broke?! The self-confidence she had was just crushed to pieces?! I-I
see, so that's why she's that depressed... She spent nearly a month frantically
going through trial and error, and if someone could exceed what she had just
done just by making it once, her heart would certainly break.

[That is, how should I say this... really pitiful.]

[Ein-san was also just listening to Raz and Acht-kun's request and didn't mean
to hurt Neun. And so, with a troubled face that she usually wouldn't have, she
consoled Neun.]

This may sound very rude, but I can't imagine that Ein-san looking bewildered.
Well, that's how unexpected Neun-san's depression must have been for her. That's
also why Raz-san invited her to the Sacred Tree Festival for a change of pace,
and that's why we met right now. After hearing Raz-san's story, I approached
Neun-san who was still sitting there, and with a confused tone, I called out to
her.

[U-Ummm, Neun-san. It's been a while.]

[...Miyama-san? Ah, yes. Long time no see... For remembering a dung beetle like
me who can't even make tofu properly, thank you very much.]

[...Umm, Raz-san.]

[...What is it?]

[....I had an image that Neun-san was someone that's rather reassuring but...]

[...She's like that sometimes. Once she starts to get depressed, it will take
some time before she gets better again.]

Since she was the First Hero, I thought her heart would have monstrous toughness
but... It seems that Neun-san is the type of person who can't stop herself from
getting depressed.

It certainly seems like she's taken the responsibility of making it, but I don't
think that's something that she should be self-loathing for. Well, this feels
really awkward... How should I say this... I don't think this is something I can
show to the people of this world who worship the First Hero.

[E-Errr, Raz-san has told me about it but... Even you should know how outrageous
of a being Ein-san is. I'm sure Neun-san's tofu would also have a taste that
won't be inferior to others...]

[...Then, please try it.]

[Huh?]

[You'll know the difference once you try it out.]

[Ah, errr... Alright.]

I tried cheering up the depressed Neun-san by saying something that I didn't
know if it would be a good follow-up. Thinking that it was just a mistake to
compete with a monstrous person like her to begin with, and that the tofu made
by Neun-san, who's quite particular with Japanese cuisine, must be delicious, I
told her about those things but Neun-san just took out two types of tofu from
her magic box and held them out to me.

[The one on the right is made by Ein-sama and the one on the left is made by
me... Compared to Ein-sama's, my tofu is just like trash.]

[..........]

Under the pressure of her very depressed atmosphere, I tried each of the tofu.
The tofu on the right, I don't know if just terrific is enough to describe it...
It's smooth and doesn't get caught on the tongue, and the taste is so refined
and elegant that even I can tell it's a top quality product. Ein-san made this
in one shot? Just how much of a monster is she...?

The tofu on the left is very homemade, and has a warm and gentle taste.

Arehh? But, isn't this just...

[...Ummm, as far as I'm concerned though, I prefer the tofu on the left
though...]

[...Eh?]

[Ah, no, I'm not really saying that either of the tofu is good or bad. However,
the tofu on the right certainly is very elegant and tasty... but for me, I guess
it tastes like home or something like that? I prefer the tofu on the left, which
is simple and gentle.]

[A-Are you sure?]

After hearing my impression, Neun-san still looked like she couldn't believe it,
as she raised her face that was covered by her knees and looked up towards me.

[Yes, it tastes really good. It's so good that "I would like to eat it every
day.”]

[Fueehhh?!]

When I told her my honest opinion, Neun-san suddenly made a strange sound before
standing up in one go. Arehh? What's going on? I get the feeling like she
suddenly got flustered about something but...

[Mi-Mi-Mi-Miyama-san?! T-T-T-That is to say, errr, y-you'd like to eat my miso
soup everyday... A-A-Are you saying that with that meaning?]

[...Miso soup? Yes, if it's miso soup made by Neun-san, that sounds great and
I'd love to have some.]

[?!?!?!?]

The miso soup made along with this tofu. Unnn, Neun-san is a Japanese foodie,
and if she can make such a good tofu, she must be a good cook, so if I'm not
being a nuisance, I'd love to drink it.

[P-Please wait for a moment?! T-This is the first time I've been said such by a
man, and my mind can't keep up so...]

[Ah, no, it's not like I'm forcing you or anything like that.]

[N-No, I-I don't dislike Miyama-san by any means, and when we spoke before,
Miyama-san had a favorable impression as you're a very kind person... H-However,
I don't think we know much about each other yet!!!]

[Eh? Ah, yes. That's certainly true.]

Unnn? What in the world is Neun-san talking about? Does that mean she isn't
comfortable serving her home-cooked meal to someone she doesn't know well? No, I
just wanted to try it if you're okay with it, Neun-san. It's not like I'm
forcing you to give me some of it... Could it be that because I'm Kuro's
acquaintance, she just can't say no or something like that?

[Ummm, Neun-san. You don't really need to mind it that much, if that's
impossible, it's alright and just say so.]

[N-No, I-I think Miyama-san is a wonderful person, a-and I've been alive for a
long time now, so I've also thought that it was about time to think about it,
b-b-but please give me some time! F-First, let's start with “exchanging
letters”!!!]

[...Exchanging letters? Yeah, I don't really mind but...]

Arehh? Why are we suddenly talking about exchanging letters? She did say earlier
about how we still didn't know each other very well, so I wonder if it's related
to that? In short, it seems that she wants to deepen our friendship first, and
then, she can serve me some of her home-cooked meals. I heard that Neun-san was
born in the Taisho Era, so perhaps, the means they have to deepen their
friendship with someone is to communicate by exchanging letters.

I've never exchanged letters before, but since I have too much time in my hands
since I came to this world, talking with her through letters would be great.

[W-Well then, ummm, I may be inexperienced... F-From now on, I will be in your
care.]

[Ah, yes. Me too.]

[U-Ummm, w-w-well then, I still have things to do, so I'll be excusing myself!
S-See you later!!]

After Neun-san quickly told me that, she vigorously left. I'm not really sure
what happened, but anyway, I guess it's great that Neun-san has become better
huh?

[Neun-san looked very bewildered, but do you have any idea why?]

[Raz also doesn't know. But I'm glad to see she's gotten better~~]

[That's right.]

[Yes! And that's thanks to Kaitokun-san~~ Thank you!]

Looking at Neun-san's departing back, I just tilted my head along with Raz.

---

Two shadows stare at the figures of Kaito and Razelia, who are tilting their
heads, from a few distance away from them.

[...What do you think? Aoi-senpai.]

[...From what I see, it seems that there's also a problem with the other side? I
know he said that she's Japanese, but it may just be that even her way of
thinking is also very old-fashioned.]

Aoi and Hina, who happened to pass by in the middle of their stroll and were
watching the series of exchanges, mutter with a somewhat dumbfounded expression.

[I mean, why is Miyama-senpai's reaction like that? He doesn't look embarrassed
from her reaction, it even looks like he's really confused~]

[No, you may not have noticed it since they're speaking with each other
normally, but I don't think you can expect Miyama-san to notice her reaction
when he's talking with someone whose expression is hidden behind her helmet...]

[Isn't Miyama-senpai supposed to have an absurdly keen sense towards emotions
because of his Sympathy Magic?]

[If he can't see the difference between _like_ and _love_, it would be
impossible for him even if he can read their emotions...]

The two women, who are conversing with each other with a resigned expression on
their faces, are approached by Rejnhardt, who is acting as their guide.

[Unnn? You stopped walking, what's the matter?]

[No, it's nothing.]

[Yeah, we were just watching a natural womanizer in action.]

[...Unnn?]

Not providing any further explanation to Rejnhardt, who was tilting his head in
wonder, Aoi and Hina quickly left the place.

---

I feel like a very rude perception is being labeled on me, but since Raz-san was
the only one near me now, I guess it was just my imagination. After looking at
the direction Neun-san departed for a while, Raz-san gave me a smile as
beautiful as blooming flowers before she spoke.

[Kaitokun-san! Kaitokun-san!]

[What is it?]

[Since Neun has gone somewhere, Raz is now left alone. I think Neun went back to
the inn, but Raz still wants to look around the stalls. But but, going around by
myself feels very lonely, so Kaitokun-san, why don't we go look around
together~~?]

To be honest, the suggestion Raz-san spoke with her unique cuteness, was more
than anything I could've hoped for. I had Sieg-san go to Lilia-san and the
others, so I had to go around the city by myself. It's troublesome to look for
Kusunoki-san's group and join them now, so I've got some free time on my hands.

[I guess so. I was also thinking of looking around a little bit... so if Raz-san
is alright with it.]

[Really?! Yay, I'm happy! Together with Kaitokun-san!]

Raz-san flying around me, expressing her joy with her whole body, is just
murderously adorable. In terms of actual age, Raz-san is probably much older
than me, but she had this smol animal-like cuteness around her.

[Where should we go? There are various stalls around here.]

[Let's see, where do you want to go, Raz-san?]

[Unnn. Raz... After talking about Tofu-san, Raz feels a little hungry, so I
wanna eat something.]

[Speaking of which, I'm hungry too, so how about we eat something? If I'm not
mistaken, Raz-san doesn't eat meat, right?]

When I checked to make sure, Raz-san vigorously nodded her head to affirm my
words.

[Yes! Raz... Or rather, us Fairies can't eat Meat-san!]

[Then, vegetables and fruits would be good.]

[Yes! There are many delicious fruits here in Rigforeshia. They're often sold at
stalls.]

[I see, let's look for a stall that sells fruits then.]

[Roger that!]

Seeing Raz-san saluting cheerfully, I could help but smile as I looked around
the stalls with her. Although it was still the day before the Sacred Tree
Festival, there seemed to be a lot of people who came the day before due to the
geographical distance of this place from Rigforeshia, and there were quite a few
customers at the various stalls. It isn't too many, nor is it too few, but just
enough to create a lively and fun atmosphere. Just as Raz-san said, Rigforeshia
is famous for its fruits, as I could see many candies and jellies made from
fruits that are sold here and there.

[There sure are a lot of different kinds of fruits sold here. Which one would
you like to eat?]

[Hmmm. Raz can't decide, ahh! Let's go to that stall selling Jelly-sans!]

[Alright.]

Jelly huh. I don't think it's enough to fill my empty stomach, but I'll
prioritize Raz-san's wish first. You couldn't be wrong with buying Fruit jellies
based on their taste anyway...

[Welcome!]

[Excuse me, two jellies please.]

When we walked to the front of the stall, a middle-aged man greeted me with a
bright smile, and I ordered a serving for myself and Raz-san. Of course, there's
no way I will have Raz-san pay here.

[Raz-san, it's my treat.]

[Ehh? Is that alright?]

[Yes.]

[Yay! Thank you, Kaitokun-san!]

When I said that I'd treat her, Raz-san looked really delighted. It's great how
she could just receive the good will of others and be happy like this. The
jellies that are lined up in the stall, perhaps because they are for a festival,
are brightly colored and are placed in what looked like a wooden container with
a wooden spoon alongside them. As expected, vinyl wraps don't exist in this
world, but there was a lid that looked like thin glass, so I was able to check
the color of the jellies.

[Which one would you like, Raz-san?]

[Hmmm... Raz wants the pink one!]

Raz-san chose the pink-colored jelly... which I think is strawberry jelly, while
I chose the orange-colored jelly.

[You two “lovers”? Well, you look really close to each other.]

[...Huh?]

[Yes! Raz and Kaitokun-san are very close friends!]

I was stunned by the words the shopkeeper suddenly said, but perhaps, not
understanding what he meant, Raz-san just affirmed it with a big smile. H-How in
the heck could he have mistakenly thought Raz-san and I were lovers?! There's a
height difference of over a meter between us, you know?! N-No, wait... In this
world where various races marry each other and mixed bloods are considered
normal, I guess... relationships like that would also be something normal?

Well, weirdly denying this would just prolong this topic. In this kind of
situation, it would be better to just quickly pay and leave. With that in mind,
I quickly paid for our stuff, received the container with the thin glass lid
removed, and left with Raz-san. A little further away from the food stalls, I
could see wooden benches here and there in what seemed to be a plaza. Sitting
down on them, I handed Raz-san's jelly to her... Unnn? Wait a moment there...

[...Ummm, Raz-san?]

[What is it?]

[...How are you going to eat this jelly?]

[Wha?! I didn't realize that! This jelly is really big!]

Cute... Wait, put that aside and start thinking of what I should do here. Even
though this jelly is pretty big, it only takes me about three bites to finish
it. However, for Raz-san, it was several times the size of her own face. In
addition, the spoon is also quite big for her. Well, thinking about this, since
I don't intend to let Raz-san gobble unto the jelly like a dog, there's only one
way to go about here. Holding up my wooden spoon, I scooped up a little bit of
her pink-colored jelly and offered them to Raz-san.

[Here, Raz-san. Would you be able to eat like this?]

[You're going to feed me? Thank you, Kaitokun-san!]

When Raz-san realized my intentions, she gave me a very happy smile, brought her
face close to the spoon I held out to her, and started eating the jelly. Even if
it's just a small scoop with the spoon, this amount is quite a lot for Raz-san
and of course, she couldn't eat it in a single bite, so she ate it in several
bites.

[Fuwaahhh~~ It's very delicious.]

Soothed by the happy smile on Raz-san's face, I repeatedly fed her a few
times... After she had eaten about half of the jelly, Raz-san turned to me and
spoke.

[I ate a lot. Raz is already full. Kaitokun-san, please eat the rest.]

[...Is that so? In that case, I'll eat them then.]

[Yes!]

It's a big jelly for Raz, but it isn't so big for me. Before I ate my
orange-colored jelly, I was about to eat the jelly left by Raz-san... but the
words “indirect kiss” suddenly popped into my mind. No, no, what stupidity am I
thinking about? This one doesn't count. Regardless of her actual age, she looks
like a little kid, so it's strange to think about her that way. It's true that
Raz-san is very cute, but it's more like a “smol animal” cute, not someone
related to sexual desire. In the first place, if I just replace this spoon with
a different one, I won't have to worry about this...

[Kaitokun-san, you're very kind, aren't you? Raz really likes you,
Kaitokun-san!]

[...I-Is that so.]

Why the heck would she say something that would make me conscious at this
time... No, no, there was no deep meaning in Raz-san's words, she was simply
expressing her goodwill as a friend. Trying to tell myself that, I vigorously
ate my jelly... though I couldn't really remember its taste. After that, I
continued to look around some of the stalls with Raz-san, and after about 2
hours, Raz-san said she was going back to check on Neun-san, so we decided to
part ways. As Raz-san left the words “let's hang out together again” with a
smile, I waved her goodbye until she was out of sight, and then I started
walking back to Rei-san and Fia-san's house. I wasn't in any particular hurry,
so I leisurely walked, taking in the sight of the stalls and the lush greenery
of Rigforeshia. On the way there, I found a delicious-looking skewer stall, so I
stopped by.

When I bought some skewers and received the change, I accidentally dropped it.
Falling onto the ground, the coin bounced and rolled away... Feeling rather
embarrassed, I rushed to chase after the coin, but someone picked it up and
handed it to me.

[Here you go. Are you alright?]

[T-Thank you so much.]

The man who picked up the coin was a middle-aged man I'm not acquainted with. He
had shaggy black hair, a stubble beard, a gray and wrinkled trench coat and a
cigarette in his mouth, looking rather scruffy. He's quite tall, about 190cm
tall.

[...How unusual. Are you a child from another world?]

[Eh? Ah, yes.]

Come to think of it, Kuro mentioned how the magic power of otherworlders has its
own characteristics. Isis-san also noticed it immediately, so if they know about
this, they would immediately know if someone's an otherworlder.

[You don't seem... to be the one who plays the role of Hero. The one who plays
the role of Hero is supposed to be wearing ceremonial clothing. Well, there's
the last one who doesn't seem to like wearing it... Ahh, come to think of it,
there was that rumor, wasn't it? That children other than the one who plays the
role of Hero were summoned from another world.]

[Ah, errr...]

[Oops, my bad. I sounded like I was cross-examining you.]

As I was unable to find the words to respond, the man gently smiled and slightly
bowed his head. His unsarcastic words of apology somehow reminds me of my uncle.
Thereupon, the man brought his hand on his chin, looking as if he's thinking
about something, and after a little while, he spoke.

[...Sorry if I'm wrong, but are you by any chance Miyama Kaito-kun?]

[Eh? How do you know my name...]

[As I thought...]

While I was startled when he suddenly spoke my name, the man nodded his head and
explained.

[Well, despite how Uncle looks, I'm a Demon. You're quite the celebrity in the
Demon Realm.]

[Eh? W-Why?]

[Unnn, well, Uncle only heard about it... They say there's an otherworlder who's
close with both Underworld King-sama and Death King-sama.]

[I-Is that so...]

N-Now that he mentioned it, Kuro and Isis-san were among the Six Kings, the
pinnacle of the Demon Realm. If someone's on good terms with those two, and
moreover, they're an otherworlder, it would be strange not to hear rumors about
them. Just like this man, it was fortunate that they didn't know my face...
Uuuu, I feel that my position is becoming more and more exaggerated.

[Ahh, that's right. It must be uncomfortable that I'm the only one who knows
your name, so I'll introduce myself. Well, you might not be interested in this
old Uncle's name.... but Uncle's name is Ozma. I'm just your neighborhood
middle-aged Demon.]

[Ah, yes. I'm Miyama Kaito. It's nice to meet you.]

[Nice to meet you too, Miyama-kun.]

This is the first time I've heard of a middle-aged Demon, but it doesn't seem
like Ozma-san is a bad person. How should I say this... He had this gentle and
warm atmosphere, and he seemed to be easy to talk to.

[Even so, you must've had it tough. Suddenly coming to an unknown world, and the
people you got to know are Underworld King-sama and Death King-sama... That must
be tiring, right?]

[Yes, well, in its own way...]

If Lilia-san had asked me this question, I would have told her I'm alright.
Perhaps, it was the fact that we were of the same gender that made me affirm
Ozma-san's words. Most of the people I've met since I've come into this world
have been women... As for Sechs-san, I don't even know if he has a gender, so
the only person I know who is clearly the same gender as me is Acht. I might
have been tired of being surrounded by so many women without even realizing it.
Perhaps, that's why I feel like I want to talk a little more with Ozma-san, the
man with a gentle atmosphere I met by chance. However, just as I was thinking
that I would just be troubling him, Ozma-san spoke with a calm tone.

[...Meeting you here might be some sort of fate, so if you don't mind, how about
chatting with me for a bit? Uncle here has lived a uselessly long amount of
time, so I think I can at least listen to your complaints, you know?]

[...Errr, if it's not too much of a trouble then...]

From what Kuro told me, my thoughts are apparently easy to guess, so Ozma-san
may have sensed that I still wanted to talk to him and suggested this. His calm,
elder-like atmosphere makes me want to depend on him.

[...However, do you mind if we change places?]

[To where?]

[Ahh, don't worry. It isn't that far. Look, how about we take this conversation
over there?]

Saying this, the place Ozma-san pointed at was a hundred meters away from here,
an area that wasn't anything in particular, just something of an open area. When
I tilted my head, wondering why we would be moving there, Ozma-san wryly smiled
and scratched his head before he spoke.

[...Well, you see, Uncle can't smoke in Rigforeshia except in designated areas.]

[I see, then the reason Ozma-san wants to go there...]

[I'm looking for a place to smoke. Ahh, but don't worry. I'll use magic to keep
the smoke from drifting towards Miyama-kun.]

[I understand.]

Feeling Ozma-san's extreme lack of aspiration, or rather, his friendliness, I
couldn't help but wryly smile as I moved along with him. When we arrived at the
smoking area, Ozma-san lit up the cigarette in his mouth, and puffing out a
smoke, he began listening to my story.

I wonder how long we've talked about it? Because I feel like Ozma-san was a good
listener, I think I ended up letting out my complaints to him for a long time.

[...Hmmm. I guess you really would need to always be on your toes when your
surroundings were filled with women huh. Especially for a young child like you,
you would have lots of things to think about...]

[Yes. No, of course, I'm grateful to Lilia-san and the others who have been
really good to me... and I think having these thoughts were selfish of me
but...]

[That isn't the case. As long as we are alive, we will always have things to
worry about in life. Feeling troubled about them doesn't mean you're denying
their feelings.]

Puffing out a smoke, Ozma-san spoke in a gentle voice. His expression is so
gentle that it seems to calm me down.

[Miyama-kun, you're probably the type who keeps things to yourself, aren't you?
Not that there's anything wrong being like that... but Uncle doesn't think it's
a good idea to overthink.]

[Have I been overthinking?]

[Unnn. The people around you don't pay as much attention to trivial stuff as
Miyama–kun thinks. I'm not necessarily saying that you should just act however
you want, but you see, Uncle thinks it's okay to cut yourself some slack.]

What Ozma-san is talking about is my life in Lilia-san's mansion. Probably
because I'm in an environment where all the people except me are women, or I may
have just been being self-conscious, but I may have been looking at my situation
strangely.

[Miyama-kun, I think that when you're helped by someone... You're the type that
thinks you're troubling them. Let's put the situation in reverse. Miyama-kun, do
you think you were inconvenienced when you helped others, or that you were
forced to take care of their troublesome matters?]

[N-No.]

[Then, don't you think the people around you also feel the same way? They're
reaching out towards you because they want to help you, not because it couldn't
be helped. At times like these... You just say “thank you” and accept their
kindness.]

[I-Is that how it is?]

[That is how it is. Well, you can't just always ask for others' help with just
about everything, okay? Coming to terms with things like that is what it means
to be an adult.]

I think that's a good way to Ozma-san, an adult with a lot of experience in
Life. It's not that he's vigorously pushing my back forward, nor does he just
unsparingly reject my thoughts... He would just give me gentle advice that isn't
too intrusive. It felt like something that would gently brush my mind.

![Insert 1](../../_Images/v03/Insert1.jpg#.insert)

[I think Miyama-kun will continue to be troubled with a lot of things in the
future. There would be times where you wouldn't arrive at any answer, and there
would be times when the result isn't something you desire. However, it's good to
worry about things like that, you know? You're still young. It's a good idea to
try different things, worry about them, then think a lot about it. The more you
worry and think about it, the more you'll grow up to be a wonderful adult.]

[...Yes.]

[Unnn. Well, it's not like you should think about these sort of stuff by
yourself. You're still a child... If you don't understand something, you can
always ask adults. Of course, Uncle here will be happy to help you. Well, I may
not be that reliable though.]

[That isn't the case. Having talked about this is really reassuring.]

This must be the first time I've met an adult of the same gender that I can
honestly respect like Ozma-san... I mean, to be honest, I think Ozma-san is a
very cool person. No, he certainly looked like the neighborhood's slovenly old
man, but he's got that dependability about him, like his kind smile, and his
advice that gently encourages me forward... With all these factors together, I
feel like he's brimming with the calm and composed charm of an adult.

[...Ozma-san.]

[Unnn?]

[Thank you very much for listening to me...]

[Really? If that's what you say, I'm glad to hear it.]

[Yes! Ummm, if you're alright with it... Could we talk like this again?]

[Hahaha, Miyama-kun, you're weird. Wanting to talk with this old Uncle.... If
you're alright with this Uncle, you can always consult with me.]

Saying this with a wry smile, Ozma-san gently patted me on the head. This feels
rather refreshing. My parents died early, and my relatives took custody of me...
I feel so apologetic to my Uncle and Aunt that they had to take me in that I
just couldn't behave like a child around them. Of course, having my head patted
like this makes me feel embarrassed... but I didn't mind being patted by this
person. We continued to talk for a while, and after registering each other's
magic power in our hummingbird, I parted ways with Ozma-san. The back of
Ozma-san, who was smoking a cigarette and lightly waving his hand as he walked
away, looked really big and cool.

It was a quiet night, in a room in a large wooden inn. I was lying on my bed in
the room assigned to me, thinking. I guess that's to be expected, but Lilia-san
and the others were stll acting strange at dinner. On the surface, they were
acting like normal, but from the emotions read by Sympathy Magic, I could feel
quiet determination from Lilia-san and Lunamaria-san, and mixed emotions from
Sieg-san. It seems that Rei-san and Fia-san will also participate in the hunting
competition, but the two of them also have something in their mind, and I'm
feeling something's out of place behind their cheerful appearance.

I'm sure the reason for that is due to the reward for this tournament... The
Fruit of the World Tree. A mysterious fruit that is said to heal all wounds.
There must be something big behind why they reacted like that to that fruit.
Lilia-san's murmurs, which I faintly heard at that time, seemed to be somewhat
sorrowful. Whatever those reasons are..... I may be curious about it and I'd
also like to know, but I don't think it's a good topic to barge myself in, since
I've only known her for a month or so. That said, I don't think I'll get an
answer if I'm just thinking about it by myself like this.As I agonize over my
unanswered questions, a voice echoes in my head.

(Should I tell you about it?)

...I appreciate the thought, but I think it would be unfair to ask Shiro-san
that, but I'm thankful for your concern.

(I see. By the way, Kaito-san. Please hold out your palms up and in front of
you.)

When Shiro-san offered to give me the answer, I gently declined. Thereupon,
Shiro-san doesn't seem particularly bothered as she quickly changed the subject.

My palms up and in front of me? I wonder why?

I didn't really understand why, but I followed her words and held out my palms
up and in front of me, and after my palm momentarily lit up, a small white ball
about 1cm in diameter appeared.

(I'm giving this to you.)

What is this? It just looks like a white marble to me, but since it was
Shiro-san who gave it to me, is it something special? Or rather, why is she
giving this to me now?

(Sorry it's late, but I've decided that our previous meeting in the temple was
an event. So, this is my present.)

...Shiro-san. You too huh... I mean, I should have expected it huh. Shiro-san
was the one who taught Kuro those strange information after all. W-Well, putting
that aside, what is this?

(A magic crystal.)

It seems that this orb is a magic crystal. Mhmm, I'm honestly happy to hear
that. I've been getting used to magic lately, and although I'm still not able to
create my own magic techniques, I've been able to use the magic that Kuro taught
me without any problem. So, I think it's really good timing since I wanted to
make a simple magic tool on my own as well. The white color means that the magic
crystal isn't that pure, but since I'm still starting out, it's probably better
to just use this level of purity. I'll gratefully use this.

(I'm glad that you like it. Well then, I'll be off.)

It seems that as she talked to me so that she could give me this, Shiro-san
stopped our conversation right there. Thanking Shiro-san in my heart, I put the
magic crystal I received in the magic box.

(Just doing it with Kuro is unfair, so please go on a date with me next time.)

...Huh? What the, Shiro-san? What are you suddenly saying... Wouldn't having a
date with the Creator God, Shiro-san be something really outrageous for me to
do?

I asked her back, surprised at the words she said in the end... but she's not
replying anymore.

---

When Shallow Vernal finished her conversation with Kaito in the floating garden
in the God Realm, Chronois, who happened to visit the floating garden on her
errand and was waiting for Kaito and Shallow Vernal to finish their
conversation, approached.

[Shallow Vernal-sama. May I ask what you talked about with Miyama?]

[An event occurred, so I gave him a present.]

[A present...? Miyama is fortunate to receive this from Shallow Vernal-sama. If
you don't mind, may I ask what it is?]

[A magic crystal.]

[Hoohhh, that is... And how pure is it?]

[I dunno?]

When Shallow Vernal said that she had given Kaito a present, Chronois was quite
surprised, asked her what her present is, to which Shallow Vernal simply
replied.

[...W-Why are you tilting your head to that question?]

[That's something I “created”, so that one doesn't have the concept of purity.]

[...S-Something you created? U-Ummm, what kind of magic crystal is that...]

When she heard Shallow Vernal saying that it was “created”, she understood that
she created a magic crystal that's different from the ones currently existing in
the world, so Chronois was really anxious when she asked.

[...........]

[Ummm, Shallow Vernal-sama?]

However, Shallow Vernal didn't respond to her words, ignoring Chronois, a table
and chairs appeared before she started to drink tea.

[With that item, “he won't die”.]

[...Die? Are you talking about Miyama? Does that mean something is going to
happen?]

[He will be injured. But whether it will be a serious injury or a minor one is
still uncertain.]

[...Is it alright even if you didn't warn him about it?]

Shallow Vernal possesses power that can be described as almost omnipotent, and
is naturally capable of predicting the future. However, the future that she saw
is one of the many possibilities, uncertain and shifting, and Shallow Vernal
herself described it with the word “uncertain”. However, as for the part about
Kaito getting injured, she spoke about it with certainty, so Chronois asked,
judging that it's a future that is almost certain to happen.

[Even if I were to warn him, Kaito-san would still act the same way. If I feel
like it, I can certainly do anything I want at that moment... but I have no
intention of doing anything this time. Thinking about “the future”, this
incident would be beneficial to Kaito-san.]

[The future? May I ask what you mean?]

[That is not something you need to know at the moment.]

[...Understood.]

For Chronois, Shallow Vernal is her absolute master, and she will not dispute
her decision.

And the fact that Shallow Vernal is unwilling to give any more details about it
is something that she can immediately understand as her long time servant, and
she doesn't ask any more questions.

[Also, I'm going to the Human Realm some time soon.]

[...Huh?]

[I will be going on a date with Kaito-san.]

[P-Please wait a moment?! If Shallow Vernal visits the Human Realm, all hell
will break loose...]

[I'll leave it to you.]

[Wha-?! Y... Yes. A-As long as Shallow Vernal-sama wills it...]

Receiving Shallow Vernal-sama's unconcerned words, Chronois twitched for a bit
but she just bowed her head. The one who drew the short end of the stick this
time is the God of Time and Space again... As Chronois had her head in her
hands, Shallow Vernal slightly smiled as she sipped her tea and looked into the
distance.

---

Because of the conversation I had with Shiro-san, I couldn't fall asleep, so I
went out of the inn to catch some night breeze. It's the night before the Sacred
Tree Festival, but the night in Rigforeshia is a quiet one, and the cold wind
feels good on my cheek. As I bask in the night breeze for a while, I heard a
faint sound coming from the back of the inn. Curious about the sound, I went
around to the back of the inn and found Lilia-san silently wielding her sword
there.

[...Lilia-san?]

[Eh? Kaito-san? What's the matter? For you to be awake this late in the night.]

[No, I just couldn't sleep for some reason... Lilia-san too, are you training
your swordsmanship?]

[Yes, just for a while...]

She's probably lying. The atmosphere around her doesn't look anything like “just
for a while”.

Has Lilia-san been swinging her sword here ever since we finished dinner? Why
would she go to such lengths? I want to know. I want to ask her what exactly is
happening. However, I'm sure that would be an act of delving into the depths of
Lilia-san's heart. It's not something I should ask just out of curiosity or any
kind of trivial reason like that...

If it's something I shouldn't be listening, all I can do is support Lilia-san.
Lilia-san has always been a kind person who has taught us many things, and the
only thing I can do for her now is... After gathering my thoughts in my head, I
took off the black necklace around my neck and held it out to Lilia-san.

[Lilia-san, here.]

[Isn't this the necklace Kuromueina-sama gave you? Why are you holding it out to
me?]

[This necklace has been imbued in Search Magic by Kuro. I don't know much about
magic yet, but I thought it might help you in the hunting competition... You're
aiming for victory, right?]

[...Thank you very much.]

I thought that if they were going to hunt in the forest, looking for prey, it
would be useful if they had Search Magic in hand, so I handed her the necklace
Kuro gave me. Lilia-san looked a little puzzled, but after a little while, she
took it and said her thanks.

[Well then, I'll go back to my room. As for the competition... please do your
best.]

[..........]

Unable to say anything else, I turned away and was about to go back to the inn
after I said what I needed to say to Lilia-san, but right after that, I heard a
small voice from behind me.

[Kaito-san, may I have a few minutes of your time?]

[Eh? Yes, I don't really mind...]

[...It might sound unpleasant, but I'd like you to keep me company and hear a
bit of my past.]

Her voice was quiet, I could somehow feel preparedness from her. It seems that
Lilia-san is going to tell me about it. The story of Lilia-san and this year's
prize, and the history behind it...

Walking to a nearby plaza under the bright moonlight, I sat side by side with
Lilia-san on a simple wooden bench. After Lilia-san gazed at the twinkling stars
in the night sky for a while, she slowly opened her mouth.

[Kaito-san, you know that I'm a former princess, right?]

[Yes.]

[I was in a very delicate position as a princess. Older Brother... The current
king was 18 years old at that time, and anyone knows how the ages of this
country's first prince and first princess are close to each other. I think Luna
should have already mentioned before that my brother and I are half-siblings.]

[...Yeah.]

[I'm the “daughter of the Queen”, while Older Brother is the “son of a
concubine”.]

[?!]

I'm quite surprised inwardly at Lilia-san's words, which she tells me point by
point. The current king is the son of a concubine, and Lilia-san is the daughter
of the queen... I honestly thought it was the other way around.

[As you can imagine, there was quite a struggle when Older Brother ascended the
throne at the age of 25. I was the Queen's long-awaited first child, who had
long been childless, and there was a faction of people who insisted that I
should be installed as this country's queen. In the end, since I was very young,
it seems that Older Brother decided to take the throne.]

[...........]

[That should have been the end of it all, but now, I'm in a dispute with Older
Brother's children about the next succession.]

[...That is, well, I don't know what to say...]

[Ah, don't get me wrong, even if the people around us have some things to say,
the relationship between us is good. My brother adored me like he does to his
children, and the prince and princesses loved me like their sister.]

Lilia-san had a slight smile on her face when she said that, before her
expression turned serious... as if she's regretting something that happened in
the past.

[You already know about this... I'm currently taking the family name “Albert”
rather than the royal name of Symphonia. The reason for that is simple... I ran
away from the struggle for succession...]

[...I had the impression that Lilia-san didn't seem to have much interest in the
throne though...]

[I don't have any interest at all. However, a lot of people expected me to do
this and I didn't want to betray them, so it has always been ambiguous. That's
the biggest mistake I've made in my life... If I had made it clear as early as
possible that I wouldn't be taking over the throne... If I had...]

Lilia-san bit her lip in frustration. Apparently, this seems to be the most
important part of the story. Lilia-san wasn't interested in the succession to
the throne. But the people around her... The people who were pushing for
Lilia-san wanted her to be the Queen. As a result of her ambiguity, Lilia-san
was caught up in a battle for the succession huh? Of course, it was a lot more
troublesome than I could have imagined. However, I couldn't think of how that's
connected to why she was seeking the Fruit of the World Tree, nor the sad
expressions on Lunamaria-san and Sieg-san's faces.

[...Sieg and I have been together ever since I can remember. Since Rei-san was a
court mage working for the royal palace, Sieg used to play with me a lot since I
was a child.]

[Lilia-san and Sieg have known each other since they were children huh.]

[Yes, it was Sieg who taught me swordsmanship. To me, Sieg is like my older
sister, my master in swordsmanship, and an irreplaceable close friend.]

Thereupon, Lilia-san stops speaking once, turns her gaze to the sky again, and
begins to speak the rest of the story with a somewhat distant look in her eyes.

[Actually, Sieg was supposed to be the Division Commander of the Second
Division, but she recommended me because she thought it would be a good
experience for my future, and she herself became my second-in-command,
supporting me. Sieg was really, always, always there to help me, worrying about
me in this complicated position I have... And yet, I...]

[...........]

[Sieg advised me many times that if I wasn't interested in taking the throne, I
should clearly state my intentions, but still, I remained ambiguous, and that
decision of mine invited the worst thing that could have happened.]

[...The worst thing that could have happened?]

I think I can somehow imagine it. Sieg-san used to be a member of the Knights
Order, where she lost her voice due to a wound she suffered at that time. And
what Lilia-san just told me about the struggle for succession, and her
expression of regret from the past... That is to say...

[At my invitation, that time was Luna's second year in the Knights Order who
used to be an adventurer.]

[...Eh? Luna-san was also a former member of the Knights Order?]

[Yes, well, she wasn't really concerned about becoming a knight, as when I got
my peerage and left the Knights Order, she readily quit and followed me.]

[That certainly sounds like Lunamaria-san...]

[Yes, seriously... Sieg, Luna, and I were always together. Luna would tease me,
I'd get mad about it, while Sieg would just chuckle before calming me down... We
had that kind of relationship.]

It seems that Lunamaria-san has always been like that, and that scene somehow
came to mind.

You could say that they are rightly regarded as best friends who know each other
well, but I could tell from the look on Lilia-san's face that she really cares
about them. At that point, Lilia-san paused for a moment again, and slowly began
to cut to the main topic of the conversation.

[...One day, it was decided that the First to the Third Divisions will be
working together on the mission to defeat a monster outbreak. There are many
powerful monsters, and our preparations were extensive... Based on the
information given to us beforehand, the plan was for each of us to deploy our
forces from three directions and take control of the area.]

[..........]

[We moved to a safe zone that had been identified by preliminary research, and I
left command to Sieg, who moved with Luna to meet with the rest of the division.
And it was there that a fact was revealed.]

[A fact?]

[Yes... The information given to my division was “swapped out” and the location
where my division was deployed was “next to the monsters' nest”.]

[What?!]

I was astonished to hear the words Lilia-san told me. That is to say,
Lilia-san's division was caught by surprise by the monsters when she thought it
was a safe zone and let her guard down.

[As I had just said, the monsters that were the target of our defeat were quite
powerful and numerous, and it wasn't something that only one division could deal
with. At worst, they could have even been wiped out... but thankfully, that
wasn't the case.]

[Sieg-san had...]

[Luna and I soon joined in, and the rest of the division moved quickly and the
monsters were defeated. My division was also very fortunate, as thanks to Sieg
frantically battling the monsters, it was really fortunate that no one has died.
However, Sieg... was so badly wounded that she couldn't be healed with Recovery
Magic, and she wandered between life and death for days.]

I don't know much about battles, but for her to battle against a large amount of
monsters that would need three divisions to deal with them, if she had to fight
against them while protecting the other knights from dying, wouldn't she end up
battling the monsters while using her body as their shield? That there were no
deaths in that battle could really be called a miracle.

[And then, when Sieg regained consciousness a few days later... She had lost her
voice due to the deep wound in her throat.]

[.........]

[In the end, I couldn't find the person who switched the information prior to
the operation, but considering the timing, it was more likely that this was
planned by someone from the prince or princesses' factions who didn't want me to
earn any more military honors than I have now...]

[.........]

[It was my fault... It's because I didn't make it clear to them... Because of
that... Because of that... Sieg had...]

What should I say to her? If you ask me if it's Lilia-san's fault, after what
she just said, I can see that it's not her fault at all. However, Lilia-san, who
has a strong sense of responsibility, wouldn't agree with that. While I couldn't
think of any words to say in reply, Lilia-san goes on with her story.

[Sieg didn't blame me. Rei-san and Fia-san also forgave me, saying that as long
as their daughter forgave me, so did they. However, I can't forgive myself for
that.]

[..............]

[And so, just when Older Brother was conferring me my peerage, I ran away from
the struggle for succession. I couldn't bear to see the people I cared about get
hurt anymore... and at the same time, I tried to find some way to bring Sieg's
voice back... but none of the means I found were realistic.]

[Could it be... the Fruit of the World Tree...]

[Yes. The Fruit of the World Tree is an incredibly valuable thing. So precious
that even I, a Duchess, have never even seen one in person...]

Having spoken until that point, Lilia-san doesn't continue to speak further and
becomes silent.

I see, that's why Lilia-san's eyes changed color when she heard about the prize
of this year's winner... Because that's what Lilia-san has been looking for all
along, something that can restore Sieg-san's lost voice...

[...Lilia-san.]

[Yes?]

[It's not like I'm just trying to say nice things... But I don't think it's
Lilia-san's fault at all.]

[...Thank you very much.]

Our conversation didn't continue any longer, but I felt the tense feeling around
Lilia-san eased up a little bit.

---

The day of the hunting competition finally arrived. There were so many people in
the city of Rigforeshia that the atmosphere around us could rightly be called a
festival, as compared to last night.

[Speaking of which, Rei-san. How are they going to determine the winner of the
hunting competition?]

[It's based on quantity and quality. There are various animals and monsters in
the forest, and each of them has their corresponding points. Of course, the more
powerful a monster is, the higher the points, but danger also increases. Well, a
lot of people take part in this event every year, so if you ever get in danger,
there are people nearby who will come to your aid.]

[Is that so... Speaking of powerful monsters, what monster would be the
strongest one?]

As we all walk around the city, I ask Rei about the hunting competition. It
seems that the rankings are based on a point system, and it's up to the
individuals to decide whether they would hunt a large number of weaker animals
or to defeat the more powerful monsters.

How they tally up the points is still a mystery though... Do they bring back
parts of the beings as proof of their subjugation?

[The most powerful monster should be the “Black Bear”.]

[Black Bear? I've heard of a Red Bear before, but are they something similar?]

[No, the Red Bear and Black Bear aren't similar. Red Bears are very popular as
prey because of the quality of their meat and fur. However, Black Bears have
poisonous flesh that can't be eaten, and their fur is difficult to process,
making them a vermin with hardly any use.]

[Heehhh...]

[More than anything else, their strength is completely different. The Red Bear
may be a fierce beast, but it's quite easy to hunt if you can use magic.
However, Black Bears are as strong as wyverns. Their movements are slow, but
their power is tremendous, and their fur is as hard as iron, and it can't be
scratched by those with half-baked abilities.]

Thinking about wyverns made me think about those wyverns that was easily killed
by Kuro, but it seems that Kuro is just too strong, and wyverns are very
powerful monsters. If someone can defeat a wyvern on their own, they can be said
as one of the best fighters among the Humans.

[Most participants will probably avoid it, but Lilia-chan, Lunamaria-chan, and
Sieg should be able to defeat it alone, so the key to winning the championship
will be how many of these black bears they can hunt.]

[...Is Rei-san also aiming for those Black Bears?]

[No, I've been retired as a mage for a long time. It's also a pain in the ass
dealing with those black bears. If I could, I'd like to earn my points from
somewhere else.]

[Is there a chance that Lilia-san and the others can win?]

Rei-san seems to have participated in many hunting competitions in the past and
is familiar with many different situations here. So, I decided to ask him if
there was a chance that Lilia-san and the others could win the competition.

[...To be honest, I think it's going to be tough.]

[...Is that so?]

[I'm not saying that it's impossible for them but... There are far more
participants in this year's competition than usual, probably because of the
prize this year. It seems that the captain of the Elven Guards will be
participating as well. However, putting them aside... I looked around a bit this
morning, and there were two people who were clearly different in status from the
others.]

[Different? Are you saying that they're stronger?]

[Yeah, one of them is a “pink-haired fairy”. Fairies inherently aren't very
powerful, however that girl's magic power was far greater than mine... She might
be as powerful as those Great Fairies.]

Unnn? That kinda... Reminds me of someone I've seen before...

[And the other one is a “Knight in Black Armor”... The way they carry themself,
the atmosphere they wear, their magic power, it's all terrific. Perhaps, that
person might even have the power of a high-ranked Demon.]

[..........]

Isn't he talking about Raz-san and Neun-san... Neun-san used to be the Hero, so
she would certainly have the strength powerful enough to defeat the Demon Lord.
And although I don't know how strong Raz-san is, Acht is calling her “Sis”, and
Neun-san is quite respectful of her. She's probably a well-known figure among
the fairies.

[Well, there was actually one other strong person sighted in Rigforeshia... He
was also a High-ranking Demon famous in the Demon Realm.... but he rarely
participates in competitions like this. So, those two people I mentioned earlier
would be the most likely to win.]

I see, in Rei-san's opinion, Rei-san and Neun-san are the most likely candidates
to win... If one of them wins, I should ask them if they would be willing to
give up the Fruit of the World Tree.

Both of them are kind people, so if I explain the situation to them, they might
agree.

Well, it would still be the best possible outcome if Lilia-san and the others
win...

We saw Lilia-san and the others off to the starting point, but since we couldn't
go into the forest where there are monsters and beasts of prey, we were left
with nothing to do until the hunting competition was over, so the three of us
were now looking around the stalls.

[Uwaaahhh, Miyama-senpai! Aoi-senpai! There's a lot of amazing shops
everywhere!]

[They certainly are amazing.]

[Yes, it really is a big festival.]

Probably because she likes festivals, Yuzuki-san frolicked around like she's
having fun, while Kusunoki-san and I watched her with wry smiles on our faces.
As for Kusunoki-san, I don't know if I should say it's to be expected or not,
but she's very calm.

[Speaking of which, Miyama-san. We happened to see you yesterday, but are you
acquainted with that fairy and that person in armor?]

[Yeah, I talked about them before, they're Kuro's family, Razelia-san and
Neun-san.]

[Eh? Then, that person in armor was the one who gave us rice... I should have
given her my thanks.]

[They should still be here until tomorrow, so I think there's still a chance we
could talk with them again, so let's just wait for that time... Anyway,
Yuzuki-san is going to be out of our sight, so let's hurry.]

[...Geez, Hina-chan, you're too excited.]

If Raz-san or Neun-san were to win, I'd visit them to try negotiating with them,
and I know there would be lots of things I need to think about before that
but... for now, let's put aside the hunting competition and worrying for
Lilia-san and the others. The only thing I can do now is to root for them, and
while I'm cheering for Lilia-san and the others in my heart, I'm going to enjoy
the Sacred Tree Festival for now.

[Senpaaaiiii~! Quickly, come here already!]

[Yeah, we're coming.]

After gathering my thoughts, together with Kusunoki-san, we went to where
Yuzuki-san is. When Kusunoki-san and I caught up with her, Yuzuki-san spoke with
a bright smile on her face.

[However, it feels like that, isn't it? Even though we're in a different world,
the atmosphere in festivals doesn't feel any different. Everyone seems to be
having fun, and just looking at them makes me feel energized!]

[Festivals certainly have this unique atmosphere, don't they? It's boisterous,
but its atmosphere isn't one you couldn't hate... It feels mysterious.]

Seeing Yuzuki-san's expression of genuine enjoyment, I naturally smiled and
responded. Well, even though I said something about festivals being nice, I've
never actually been to that many festivals. I used to go to festivals when my
parents were alive, but after my relatives took custody of me, I didn't feel
like going and I didn't attend any festivals at all. Perhaps that's why I feel
somewhat nostalgic about the unique noise of a festival like this.

[Kusunoki-san, do you often go to festivals?]

[No, not so much... It's rather difficult for me to sneak out of my home...]

[U-Unnn? It's difficult to sneak out of your home?]

[Yes, I've always had a strict curfew.]

[I see. Kusunoki-san certainly had this noble lady vibe around you, so I guess
the rules in your home would also be strict huh?]

Kusunoki-san's behavior is very elegant, and she seems to be quite familiar with
her table manners. I think she probably grew up in a very wealthy family. She's
exuding this very high-class atmosphere from every aspect of her behavior. Heck,
I feel like she's even more mature than I am. It may have been the difference of
our upbringings, but for a second-year highschooler, she seems very calm and
collected.

[N-No, it's not like I'm a noble lady or anything like that... My family is just
a little bit wealthy, but my family isn't that great...]

[Eh? But Aoi-senpai's house is a freaking man...]

[Hina-chan, please don't say anything unnecessary.]

[Y-Yes?!]

In response to Kusunoki-san, who seemed a little embarrassed and was about to
say that her family isn't that great, Yuzuki-san tried to say something, but
Kusunoki-san stopped her with a glare. Unnn, well, I could somehow tell that
Kusunoki-san lived in a house that was more than “a little bit wealthy”, but it
would be boorish of me to dig into this topic any further.

[By the way, I'm changing the subject but... Kusunoki-san, I heard about this
from Lunamaria-san, but are you going to attend a magic school?]

[Even though I'm going to attend the school, I'm not going to enroll... I'm just
going to attend some lectures. When I tried consulting Lilia-san about magic,
this is what she recommended to me.]

[Apparently, Lilia-san and others aren't good at using Earth Magic, Aoi-senpai's
specialty.]

If I remember correctly, Lilia-san is good at Wind-attribute Magic, while
Lunamaria-san is good at Water-attribute Magic, right? And I think Sieg-san
mainly uses Fire-attribute Magic.

[Ahh, so you're going to learn Earth-attribute Magic?]

[Yes, it may sound childish... but I want to try making stuff like golems.]

[Heehhh... That certainly sounds like something Earth-attribute skills would
do.]

[Yes. I somehow feel like it's fate.]

[Fate?]

The deep emotions I could feel from Kusunoki-san made me tilt my head in wonder.
Thereupon, Kusunoki-san turned to me with a wry smile on her face and explained.

[In that MMO we talked about before, I was actually a Mage... I remember having
a lot of trouble at first, because I didn't know much about the game in the
beginning and dumped my skill points on Earth-attribute Magic.]

[Ahh, Earth-attribute Magic in that game certainly is quite trashy.]

[...Mnhh, you're talking about stuff I don't know again.]

In the MMO I used to play, Earth-attribute Magic had quite an unfair
disadvantage. Due to the limited amount of skill points a character can obtain,
it was recommended not to learn it even on strategy sites. This is because many
of the enemies whose weakness is Earth-attribute have high Magic Resistance,
which are enemies that are disadvantageous for Mages to fight in the first
place. It's also really hard to go solo in the beginning because of the lack of
skill points, so not many players would have mastered this skill yet. Though I
say that, that doesn't mean it's completely useless, as there are some
High-grade Dungeons that would be a lot easier if you had someone with
Earth-attribute Range Magic.

Yuzuki-san, who can't keep up with our conversation regarding that MMO, looks
unhappy, but Kusunoki-san and I got excited, and I started reminiscing about
those days I used to play it.

[Come to think of it, the newbie child I was on good terms with was also a Mage
with Earth-attribute main.]

[Really? Since you mentioned them being a newbie, did Miyama-san coach them?]

[Unnn. I can't really say that I coached that child, but I think I taught him
various stuff. He was a hard worker and he easily understood the essentials in
the game, so he didn't need my help for a long time. He had been quite attached
to me though, so we often played together.]

[Heehhh... That sounds nice...]

When I was playing that MMO, I met a newbie boy with the username “Hibis”, a
light player who only goes online for about an hour a day. But within that short
time he's online, he's gotten a lot more creative and is rapidly getting
stronger...

I was surprised when I heard that he was only 11 years old, but I remember how
he was quite firm with his honorifics and seemed to have a good head on his
shoulders. He follows me very often, and I also thought of him like my little
brother.

[Unnn. He was a really great child. By the time I retired, he had actually
managed to solo-kill the boss monster Tempest Dragon.]

[...Tempest... Dragon?]

[Unnn. I told him that it's a monster with an insanely high Magic Resistance, so
it's a very difficult opponent for Mages... but telling me that he should
somehow be able to defeat it if he plays his cards right, he tried again and
again and prepared various plans, and I was surprised when he actually beat it.]

[...........]

I wonder how Hibis-kun is doing now? Considering the age difference between us,
I guess he should be in high school now? It would be great if he's well and
good...

When I turned to Kusunoki-san, having such nostalgic thoughts in mind, for some
reason, she was looking at me with eyes wide open.

[...Kusunoki-san?]

[...Could it be...]

[You two, since when are you going to be chattering about that?! Let's go check
the stalls already!]

Just as Kusunoki-san was about to say something, Yuzuki-san, her cheeks puffed
out, pulled the hem of my clothes. Indeed, Yuzuki-san doesn't know anything
about MMOs, so she would be bored.

[I'm bored because I can't follow your conversation.]

[Ahh, m-my bad. I got caught up in the conversation... Sorry, Kusunoki-san.
Should we continue while walking?]

[...Ah, no, it's not that big of a deal anyway. Let's put an end to the MMO talk
and go around the stalls.]

Wryly smiling at Yuzuki-san, who was pulling at my clothes, I started walking
towards the stalls with Kusunoki-san.
