---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 5: The Underworld King's Feelings

Night had arrived, and the main festival of the Sacred Tree Festival had begun.

The plaza in the center of Rigforeshia was beautifully decorated and crowded
with people. I don't know if it's because the hunting competition was canceled
this year, or because I was the only one who achieved victory, but many people
rushed to my side. Honestly, there are lots of people out here, and I was hoping
that they wouldn't be able to find me easily but... they could tell I was the
winner because of the medal on my chest.

[Congratulations on your win, you did really great. By the way... my daughter
was just around your age...]

[No, errr...]

For some reason, an adult male elf is desperately trying to introduce me to his
daughter...

[Ummm, I'm going to the royal capital... And I was wondering if you'd like to
have dinner with me...]

[Huh? Eh?]

A young female elf, with her cheeks dyed red, invited me to dinner...

[Miyama-sama... a caterpillar like me...was foolish enough to challenge you.
Please accept my apologies.]

[...W-Who are you?]

And for some reason, a female elf who seems to be a Spirit Mage got down on her
knees just when we first met...

Anyway, things got so dreadful and the flustered me couldn't handle them well.

But then... Someone I never expected became my savior.

[How rude! Don't talk to Master so casually, or I'll tear you to pieces!!!]

[.............]

Yes, this is where Anima came into play. She gallantly appeared, and just like a
breakwater, held off the people who were coming at me like a tsunami. Yep... It
looks like a few people have gotten beaten up from time to time, but it really
helps that the barrage of questions stopped.

[Thanks, Anima. You really saved me there. I'd like it if you were to keep
things in moderation though, but please keep it up.]

[Master... Yes! This unworthy Anima is going to do everything for her duty!!!]

I don't know if she was happy to be praised by me or not, but she smiled like a
blooming flower, and then turned away the people who were closing in on her with
more vigor... I feel like the number of people who have been beaten up was
increasing though, did she hear my instruction of keeping it in moderation? Ahh,
another person flew away...

With Anima's great efforts... no, it looks more like her great rampage, I went
to greet the elven big shots.

I guess I expected it, but because of Lillywood-san, they all treated me
favorably, and our greeting went smoothly.

[Kaitokun-san! Congratulations on your win\~\~]

[Raz-san, thank you very much.]

[I knew Kaitokun-san is amazing! Kaitokun-san winning also makes Raz really
happy! I'll brag about this to lots of my Fairy friends!]

[A-Ahaha... Please keep it in moderation.]

[Alrighty! I'll moderately brag that Raz's friend Kaitokun-san is amazing!]

Using her body to express her joy, Raz-san congratulated me, to which I thanked
her with a smile. How should I say this... She really is cute, and her every
gesture is really soothing to watch. Thereupon, I suddenly noticed that I
couldn't find Neun-san, who was supposed to be in the Sacred Tree Festival with
Raz-san.

[Ummm, Raz-san. Where's Neun-san?]

[...That is well, Neun-san is acting strange again.]

[Eh? Did something happen?]

[I don't really know, but after she cheered up back on the first day of the
Sacred Tree Festival, she would sometimes turn strange... Look, Neun! This way!]

It seems that Neun-san had apparently become strange, and when I asked her
concern, Raz-san turned somewhere and called out. Turning to where she called
out, I saw Neun-san hiding in the shadow of a building. When Neun-san turned our
way, although it can't be seen from the armor she's wearing, she moved her body
as if she was flustered, and after a little while, she slowly walked towards us.

[Neun-san?]

[K-K-K-Kaito-san?! G-g-g-good morning!]

[...It's currently night though?]

[C-C-Congrachulations on your v-v-victory!]

[Y-Yes... Thank you very much. Ummm, Neun-san, are you alright?]

[Yesh?!]

Indeed, Neun-san kinda looks different from normal. Or rather, she seems to be
in some kind of panic, as she's even fumbling her words. Seriously, what's going
on? Could it be that she's not feeling well or something like that?!

[Neun-san, could it be that you're sick...]

[Awawa, Kai-Kaito-san, your face is too close... ex-ex...]

[Ex?]

[Excuse me!!!]

[Ehh? Wait, Neun-san?!]

I got worried and took a step closer, but Neun-san looked even more flustered...
and ran away at a terrific speed. After Neun-san left, the remaining Raz-san and
I tilted our heads at each other.

[...Neun-san, seriously, what's going on with her?]

[I dunno, it's just that I think since we met Kaitokun-san, she would sometimes
mutter incomprehensible things like premarital diskashons or weding.]

Weding? A wedding? No, the sudden talk of marriage here doesn't make sense, so
she must have been talking about something else.

Hmmm, I'm worried about her but... For the time being, I'll leave her to
Raz-san. As I still have to continue giving my greetings to everyone, I
exchanged some words with Raz-san before we parted ways.

[Yaa, Miyama-kun.]

[The fuck is this dirty old man... The hell you want with Master?!]

[Hey, Anima... I know him.]

Before I knew it, Ozma-san suddenly appeared, greeting me with a smile, but just
as I had expected, Anima snapped at him.

[...Youngsters these days sure are straightforward with their opinions... It
honestly hurts.]

[Ozma-san, I'm sorry.]

[No, no, it's true after all, so don't mind it. That aside, Miyama-kun,
congratulations on your victory.]

[T-Thank you.]

Congratulating me with a wry smile, I bowed my head and thanked Ozma-san.

[...You were involved in quite an incident yesterday. Are you not injured?]

[Ah, yes. I'm fine now.]

[I see, that's great. Uncle here wished I could help you but...]

[...Ehh?]

[Ah, no, that's not it.]

Ozma-san was about to mutter something, but when I asked him about this again,
he just smiled and waved his hand, saying it was nothing.

[More importantly, you're going to the Spirits' Forest now, aren't you?]

[Y-Yes, that seems to be the case.]

[I see... It gets cold at night, so you should keep yourself warm while
sleeping.]

[Yes! Thank you.]

Saying a few words of concern to me, Ozma left me the words “hang in there”
before he left.

Away from the noisy, yet joyful atmosphere of Rigforeshia, I'm now walking
through the Spirits' Forest by myself. It seems that the Spirits have their own
customs, so instead of the large number of Spirits approaching me in the
daytime, there are only a few Spirits around me who would be guiding me around.
When I followed their guidance and walked through the forest, I came upon a
shrine... or rather, a cave.

[This is even more...]

It was a much more difficult place to sleep in than I thought it would be.

Entering inside... I could see a round hole in the ceiling where moonlight
shines through it, creating a fantastic scene, while the Spirits are lined up by
the wall of this shrine.

It seems like they really have lots of customs, as a large number of Spirits are
neatly lined up inside the spacious shrine, standing still in a neat row,
staring towards me. Unnn? What am I supposed to do now... Should I really just
go in the middle and sleep there? Perhaps, this was originally meant to be a way
to show the Spirits the face of the winner.

I've seen Lillywood-san leading a mountain of spirits around, but essentially,
being able to see so many Spirits should have been a very valuable experience.
After looking at the inside of the shrine under the moonlight while thinking
about this, I move my gaze to my feet and let out a sigh.

Yep, putting aside the grandeur scene around me... As expected, as a modern kid,
I'm having a hard time sleeping here. The floor is made of soil... Yep, it
should have been obvious that I won't be sleeping in a bed made of sand. Should
I be relieved that it's not made of something really hard like stone? Or
perhaps, should I perhaps, continue thinking how the heck this happened...

[My body would be stiff after sleeping here... It's going to be tough even with
my blanket...]

[Then, how about we lay down a tatami?]

[Yeah, you're right, I'd really appreciate it if there's some tatami... Eh?]

[Unnn?]

I thought I was just muttering to myself as I slumped my shoulders, but for some
reason, I heard a reply. The Spirits can't speak... rather than them though,
that voice sounded rather familiar. Rather than just familiar, I think I've been
hearing that voice almost every day.

[...Why are you here, Kuro?]

[Ehehe, I came along.]

Kuro replies to my words with a bashful smile on her face. That expression on
her face though, seems to shine in the moonlight.

[...Seriously, you really show up out of nowhere every single time, Kuro.]

[Ahaha, I wanted to see Kaito-kun, so I went along with the flow and came here
with you.]

[Rather than that, how did you know I'm here?]

[Eh? That's because of the technique used in Kaito-kun's neck... Of course, it's
through my intuition!]

[Oi, wait a minute there, what were you going to say just now...]

You were just talking about a technique you used, right? Eh? What? Is she about
to say that she used some kind of magic on this necklace to track my
whereabouts?

How should I say this... I feel like that's something that shouldn't be
overlooked, but the one in question, Kuro, just had a smile on her face before
she spoke.

[Ahh! Kaito-kun, I heard you were hurt, are you okay?]

[Eh? A-Ahhh... It's all over now.]

[I see\~\~ I'm glad you're safe, Kaito-kun. Ahh, that's right! I heard you won
in the harvest competition! That's amazing, Kaito-kun! Congratulations!]

[...Thanks.]

Overwhelmed by Kuro, who told me those in rapid succession as if she was a
machine gun, I nodded my head, forgetting what I was about to ask.

And also, how should I say this, unnn... what the heck's happening...

“Congratulations for your victory”, I've been hearing those words enough times
already that I feel like they're still resounding in my ears. I'm sure I've
already said this to the big shot elves, but I'm not feeling worthy of that
victory at all.

However, when Kuro said those words to me, what surged up from within my
heart... was joy.

Those words may be pretty simple, but it feels like my hard work paid off... I
felt so fulfilled that I'm feeling that I have worked hard all day just to hear
those few words. Seeing me like that, Kuro let out a smile as bright as the sun,
before taking out a familiar paper bag.

[For such a Kaito-kun, here, you can have this!]

[...I knew you would come out again, baby castella.]

[Fufufu, the baby castella is “Kaito-kun's victory congratulation version”! This
is different from the usual!]

[...The heck's with that? I mean, something about your latter words that makes
me feel a little uneasy...]

I thought it was going to be the reappearance of the usual baby castella, but
Kuro said that this time's baby castella was special. Seeing the smug smile on
Kuro while she's puffing out her flat chest, I wanted to ask her if she couldn't
do something about her naming sense, but I held back and just picked up a baby
castella. It looks the same as usual, but is the filling the one that's
different? Or is this one of those foods that was filled with strange things
like that wasabi-filled baby castella I ate back at Shiro-san's place?

[Stare\~\~ Stare\~\~]

[You're not supposed to say that with your own mouth!]

[Staaaaaarrrreeeeeeee\~\~\~\~~]

[T-Thank you for the food.]

Kuro looks at me with expectations in her eyes, saying the onomatopoeia with her
own mouth.

It seems that I can't choose not to eat it, so I made up my mind and brought the
baby castella to my mouth.

[Arehh?]

[What do you think?]

[No, it's delicious as usual but... It's kinda different than usual?]

The baby castella I tried wasn't particularly different from the baby castellas
I ate before, and I would have normally thought it was the same as the usual
baby castellas. However, how should I say this... I just felt that there was
something different from the baby castellas I usually eat. It's hard to
describe, but the taste was a little rougher than usual, and I could really feel
like this baby castella is handmade... To be honest, I like the taste of this
one more than the usual.

[Hmmm. As I thought, it isn't as tasty as the usual?]

[Eh? No, as far as I'm concerned, I like the taste of this one more...]

[Really?! Thank goodness\~\~ thought I would be no good since I can't compete
with Ein in cooking.]

[Unnn? What does that mean?]

[Ah, well... Actually, I was the one who made those baby castellas. I'm glad it
came out great\~\~]

Apparently, these baby castellas were made by Kuro... Or rather, I thought Kuro
had been the one making them all these times, but it was Ein-san who was making
them?! Even those baby castellas filled with wasabi?! While I was taken aback by
Kuro's statement, I couldn't say anything since these baby castellas really fit
my taste, as I popped them into my mouth one after another in a pace faster than
usual.

After we finished eating baby castellas, I sat next to Kuro on the tatami mat,
watching the beautiful moon through the hole in the ceiling. Come to think of
it, when I first met Kuro, didn't we also look at the moon together like this? I
don't know why, it should have only been a month ago, but it feels like that
happened a long time ago.

[Ah, that's right. Kaito-kun, “Shalltear” praised you before.]

[Shalltear? Who's that?]

[The public call her “The Phantasmal King, No Face”.]

[Huh?]

[She's a good friend of mine, and she would sometimes come over to hang out with
me... The last time I met her, she praised Kaito-kun, saying you're “promising”.
It's really rare for Shalltear to praise someone, so receiving her praise is
amazing!]

[N-No, wait a minute there, will you?! I don't think I've even met that
Shalltear-san person before though?]

I never thought the name of the Phantasmal King would suddenly be mentioned
here. However, for her to be praising me... even after thinking about all the
people I met before, I still have no idea which one she is.

[No, I think you never really met her before?]

[Eh?]

[Shalltear's ridiculous amount of subordinates were spread out all over the
world, and they are really everywhere. Shalltear is the most informed person in
the world. She probably even knows Kaito-kun from the day you came to this
world.]

[The heck is that, that sounds scary.]

In short, she had agents lurking all over the world, and all kinds of
information were being gathered by the Phantasmal King... Honestly, in a way,
she might be the most fearsome among the Six Kings.

[I feel like she's also interested in Kaito-kun, so she might come and meet you
soon.]

[Eh? W-Would that be alright? It's just that Lillywood-san told me to be careful
of the Phantasmal King...]

[Hmmm. It's true that Shalltear can be dry in some ways... but I can talk to her
easier than Megiddo, so I think she's alright.]

[Megiddo... was the War King, right? Eh? Is that Megiddo-san worse than her?]

[The first thing he'll probably say to you when you meet is “Let's have a
fight”. He loves to fight after all.]

[The heck is that, that sounds scary.]

For him to suddenly challenge someone right as he met someone for the first
time, that's one heck of a berserker he is. Or rather, if someone like him is
being compared to the Phantasmal King, doesn't that mean that the Phantasmal
King is quite dangerous?! I still haven't met the War King, the Dragon King and
the Phantasmal King... but for two out of those three to be dangerous... N-No,
but well, it isn't decided that I'm going to meet them... and that doesn't mean
I'm going to meet them soon, so it's alright. It would be alright.

[...Kaito-kun, your hearts beating pretty fast.]

[...Unnn? What's with that, all of a sudden...]

When my mind was in chaos because of the Phantasmal King and the War King, Kuro
muttered with a gentle tone in her voice.

[Kaito-kun has been working harder and growing up more than I ever thought you
would...]

[..........]

Kuro, who muttered that, didn't turn towards me, her gaze was still fixed on the
moon in the sky. Probably because she was originally cute, her figure as she
basked under the moonlight looked something out of fantasy, as if it could only
be found from artworks.

[...There's something I want to acquire.]

[Eh?]

[I've wanted it for a long, long time, but I couldn't find it, and wasn't able
to get it... I've been searching for it for a long time. Probably, even right at
the moment I was born in this world...]

It was hard to imagine the answer to those words she quietly muttered. She is
powerful enough to fight against the Creator God, has the most money in the
world, is well-liked by her family and followers, and has the reputation of
being the pinnacle of the Demon Realm. What is it that Kuro, who has everything,
hasn't been able to get since she was born? Is it something very valuable? Or
could it be something else that doesn't exist in this world?

Perhaps sensing my thoughts, Kuro turns to me and smiles.

[It isn't something that unusual. I'm sure that everyone else, including
Kaito-kun has it. However, I can't get my hands on it... no matter how many
times I tried, I wasn't able to get it. I couldn't even find it.]

[...What in the world is that...]

[...It's a secret. However... Let's see. If Kaito-kun finds it... I will...
probably be happy.]

[.............]

Under the moonlight, the girl with many secrets smiles. It's a smile so
beautiful that I can't take my eyes off of it, though it's as fleeting as the
moonlight.

[Well, leaving that aside, I think it's about time for Kaito-kun to sleep,
right? You must also be tired from all the things that happened today.]

[Eh? Ah, well... Unnn. You're right.]

Kuro's words, which abruptly changed the topic... felt more like a plea to not
step into it any further. In the end, my question remained unanswered as usual,
and there are still many things I don't know about Kuro. However, I do know of
one thing. She's looking for something, something she truly wants... I felt like
if I knew that, I could get a lot closer to Kuro.

[...A blanket and tatami mats, I guess I wouldn't get a pillow, but I think this
should be enough for me to sleep.]

[What are you talking about, Kaito-kun? If it's a pillow, there's one here.]

[Eh? Where?]

[Look, here.]

Saying that with a smile on her face, Kuro pats her lap.

[N-No, as expected, that is...]

[It's not like it's the first time you slept on my lap, so you don't need to be
that reserved.]

[...Uuuuuu, alright.]

[Unnn, yeah, just being upfront really is the best.]

In the end, I wasn't able to resist again, putting my head in Kuro's lap,
feeling embarrassed.

Thereupon, a small hand was immediately on my head, gently stroking my hair.
That's all it took before I closed my eyes, feeling all my consciousness leave
my body and letting myself get drowned in pleasant drowsiness.

While feeling Kuro's warmth from behind and in front of my head, my
consciousness slowly sinks into a slumber.

[...Good night, Kaito-kun.]

[...Unnn... Good night... Kuro...]

---

Stroking the head of Kaito, who was peacefully sleeping on her lap, Kuromueina
had a slightly lonely smile on her face.

[...Seriously, what a cruel child you are, Kaito-kun... Even though I should
have given up long ago...]

Gently and compassionately stroking Kaito's head, Kuromueina murmured to no one.
The expression on her face seemed to show the complexity within her heart, as
she didn't know whether she should be sad or happy.

[...Even though you'll be gone in a year... Why do you trouble me so much?

Her beautiful voice echoes in the quiet shrine, a voice that somewhat sounds
like it's crying. A voice filled with very deep feelings, slightly lamenting,
and yet, filled with happiness.

[...How many times has Kaito-kun betrayed my expectations? That conversation
with Shiro... that encounter with Isis... that time when Chronois-chan told you
about me...]

Thereupon, Kuromueina's hand that was gently stroking Kaito's head stops, and
slowly so as not to wake him up, she hugged his head.

[...Because of that, I began hoping... That perhaps, if it's Kaito-kun...]

Continuing her embrace as if she were handling a treasure, her cheeks dyed red,
and Kuromueina said her thoughts that she would never have told Kaito directly
“right now”.

[...I love you... Kaito-kun.]

![Insert 5](../../_Images/v03/Insert5.png#.insert)

---

Standing in the corner of the Demon Realm, a large number of high-ranking Demons
were lying at the feet of Megiddo, the War King. Looking at these High-ranking
Demons who aren't dead, but are too exhausted to get up, Megiddo clicked his
tongue with a frustrated expression on his face.

[Tsk, weak-kneed wimps, what a miserable lot... Even after all the handicap I've
given you, for you all to be in this sorry state...]

Megiddo's subordinates who gather in this area are different depending on the
day. Unfortunately for Megiddo, the best among his subordinates were out of town
today. This is why he has a frustrated expression on his face, looking as if
he's unable to obtain something he desired. Megiddo was just about to leave the
arena, when he suddenly heard footsteps and turned around.

[...Is something the matter? You look really fired up today... Master.]

[Unnn? Oh, if it isn't Ozma, where have you been?]

[I went to the Human Realm for a bit and bought myself some coffee beans, and I
just got back. So, Master, you seem to be “having fun”?]

From the eyes of those unfamiliar with him, Megiddo looked irritated, but Ozma,
the person who appeared in the arena, described it as joyful. Having known
Megiddo for a long time, Ozma understands his current state of mind.

[Yeah, it's been a while since I've heard anything interesting... I'm feeling
very motivated.]

[...It looks rather unbearable for the children who get struck by your
motivation though.]

[Hahh! If these lot had any backbone, we'd have been drinking comfortably right
now... Fools who got useless because of peace, they can't even hit me with a
single blow...]

[So, what is it? That interesting thing you heard, I mean...]

His mood may have been uplifted, but he's annoyed by the weakness of his
subordinates. After hearing Megiddo's words, Ozma asked with a wry smile.

[Yeah, it seems that there's an interesting human around. He apparently tamed
Isis. Is he strong? Is he weak? I can't wait to see him.]

[...Are you talking about Miyama Kaito-kun?]

Megiddo's words made Ozma's eyebrows move slightly. However, Ozma didn't show
any agitation and tried to confirm it in an indifferent manner.

[Ahh? What, Ozma, you know about him?]

[Yes, well... I met him at Rigforeshia.]

[Houu... What was he like?]

[Let's see... He was a nice child that I think Master would be pleased with.]

Ozma described Kaito as someone Megiddo would be pleased with. When Megiddo
heard those words, an atrocious smile appeared on his face.

[I see, hahaha. I'm increasingly looking forward to meeting him! In that case,
Ozma! Lead him to me!]

[..............]

Hearing that Ozma was acquainted with Kaito, Megiddo told him to bring Kaito to
him, but Ozma didn't nod to his words. Thereupon, he took out a cigarette from
his pocket, lit it and puffed out smoke, before he stared straight at Megiddo
and spoke.

[...I don't want to be an Uncle that children hate. Besides, I can still be
considered a suspicious stranger to him, someone he would just obediently
follow. Please go ask someone else.]

[You... dare defy my commands?]

When Megiddo announced this in a low voice, the air around him clearly changed.
A heavy, suffocating sense of intimidation that seemed to crush you, Megiddo
clearly looked angry, and standing before him is so terrifying that an ordinary
person would have fainted.

However, Ozma's aloof expression didn't change and he puffed out smoke from his
cigarette again.

[My King had only been Master. However, that doesn't mean I'm going to stop
thinking for myself and just follow whatever you say. Besides, look... “Master
is more pleased with this, right”?]

[...K-Kukuku... Hahaha, that's right! Indeed! It was just as you said!]

Hearing the words Ozma said without a trace of fear, Megiddo happily smiled.
Affirming Ozma's words that he finds those who dares stand against him more
interesting...

[This is what I like about you. You're not just a puppet who obeys me...
Alright, I'll allow it. I'll have someone else pick up that human...]

[It would be great if you could do that. By the way, Master, I'm changing the
subject...]

As he said this, Ozma extinguished his cigarette and threw it into a portable
ashtray, before taking off the trench coat he was wearing.

The body that had been hidden by the coat until now. The muscles that have been
trained to the limit exude Ozma's strength.

[...I'm also in the mood for some exercise. Would you mind going along with me?]

[Houu... Now, isn't this unusual... However, it was just right! I'm still
feeling rather unsatisfied with my earlier fight. Against you, you won't need
any handicap...]

[Hahaha, please go easy on me... but before that, let's get the collapsed kids
out of the way.]

With a wry smile, Ozma snapped his finger with his right hand, and the people
collapsed in the arena began floating up and were carried to the audience area.
Looking at them, Ozma muttered words unheard by no one else.

[...Miyama-kun. It looks like there is still trouble heading towards you. I know
that difficult days lie ahead of you... but well, if it really comes to it, I'll
be there to help you, so just hang in there for now.]

[Oi, Ozma? What's the matter?]

[Ah, no... it's nothing. Well then, shall we start?]

[Ohh! If you dare try going easy, I'll fucking kill you!]

[...Not like I planned on doing that.]

After looking concerned about the future of Kaito who isn't here, Ozma clashed
fists with Megiddo.
