---
toc: true
---

# Epilogue

It was a calm, peaceful afternoon. As the warm sunshine streamed in through the
window, I was recalling the events that had happened at the Sacred Tree
Festival.

I met Sieg-san's parents in Rigforeshia. Got involved with Lilia-san, Sieg-san,
and Lunamaria-san's past...

Black Bears had come to invade Rigforeshia, and Isis-san exterminated them. The
Black Bear I had fought against was brought back to life, and said she would
serve me...

I ran into Lillywood-san at the harvest competition and had gained victory in
that harvest competition... Well, a lot of stuff happened.

[...Or something like that?]

[...Kaito-san, under what star were you born in? How the heck did you encounter
so much trouble in just two days?]

[I have no words to retort to that.]

After listening to my story, Alice, who had a dumbfounded expression on her
face, took a sip of her tea and spoke.

[Well, I'm glad that Kaito-san came back safely. I don't think this is something
I would say to someone who went to a festival though.]

[Ahaha, that's true... Well, thanks to the clothes I bought from Alice, I was
able to get home safely. And thus, here, souvenir.]

[Ohh! As expected of Kaito-san! You brought me a nice assortment of fruits! How
dreamy, please hug me!]

[Stop that, you're creeping me out.]

[You don't have to say that much, do you?!]

Looking at Alice who's buzzing with excitement as usual, I couldn't help but
smile. Talking with her really is fun. I'm not going to say anything, since
she'll definitely get carried away, but I'm really happy to have met her.

[Kaito-san, don't you think you're treating me badly? I'm your precious best
friend/partner, you know?! Take better care of me. I'm the type who grows when
pampered!]

[Putting aside how you shamelessly put yourself in such a position on your own,
you'll definitely get carried away if I pamper you...]

[No, no, there's no girl as modest as Alice-chan, you know? No, wait, I'm not
talking about my body figure, okay? Even like this, I'm sure there's still
demand for it.]

[A truly modest person wouldn't call themself modest.]

Letting out a sigh at the sight of Alice, who was as energetic as ever, I opened
the diary I had brought with me and began to write in it using the pen I had
bought at Alice's store. Seeing this, Alice gave a wry smile that seemed to be
somewhat gentle, and fetching a plate from behind the counter, she began cutting
the fruits I brought as a souvenir. Seeing the two plates she placed on the
table, I somehow feel warmth inside my heart.

Dear Mom, Dadâ€”I never get tired of seeing Alice's facial expression change. I
mean, conversations with her naturally become more lively. This was something
she shamelessly claimed herself as, but it's strange how I don't think Alice
being my best friend/partner sounds bad. I don't know how to describe it, but
this ticklish, comfortable feeling... I don't really know what this is, but I
guess I'm getting used to living in this world?
