---
toc: true
---

# Prologue

Dear Mom, Dad—How are you?

It's been almost a month since I was caught up in a Hero Summoning on my way
home from college and arrived in another world. In the beginning, I was very
confused about the situation, but thanks to the people I met after I came to
this world, such as Kuro, Lilia-san and the others, I have an enjoyable everyday
life.

Giving off a gentle older sister vibe, the Elf Sieg-san. Kind and pretty, but
born with the magic power of death and has been suffering from it ever since,
the Death King, Isis-san. Bottomlessly cheerful and enthusiastic owner of a
general store, Alice. Too slovenly for a Supreme God, the slacker Fate-san.

I think the number of people I'm getting to know is increasing. In fact, I may
already know more people than I did in my former world. I feel like I'd be lying
if I say here that I'm actually a loner back there.

Smoothly moving my pen, I wrote words in my diary. The pen I'm using now is a
newly purchased one, and it's much easier to write with.

[...What are you writing there, Kaito-san?]

[It's my hobby, writing my diary.]

[Heehhh, you're quite diligent huh.]

Muttering somewhat admiringly, placing two cups of tea on the counter is Alice,
who has recently become a good friend of mine. As for me, she's someone I can
easily talk to, someone I can consider as my “partner in crime” or “close
friend”.

At the very least, I think we get along well enough that she doesn't remark
anything when I write my diary on her shop's counter.

[Even so, this pen is really easy to write with. This is a great purchase.]

[Fufufu, all of Alice-chan's products are first class. Incidentally, was it
called ballpen in Kaito-san's world? Anyhow, that pen is based on that.]

[Ahh, I see... That's why it's so easy to use huh.]

Alice's general store, which she claims to have everything but food, is a
wonderful place to buy all kinds of goods, and if I ask her, she can provide
almost anything one needs. She also accepts special orders, just like the baby
castella baking mould she made recently. Seriously, even though she had this
good selection and great quality, it's mysterious how this shop isn't just
declining, it's deserted.

[...As I thought, I guess the problem is the owner huh.]

[Kaito-san, let's keep your inner thoughts inside you, okay? You can't just say
whatever you think about Alice-chan, you know?]

Even though Alice astoundedly said such things, her words don't hold any
sharpness in them. Unnn, as I thought, my affinity with her really is great.
Feeling the calm and pleasant atmosphere around us... I suddenly thought that
today would also be a good day.
