---
toc: true
---

# Intermission: Sieglinde — Her Voiceless Thoughts

When I first saw you, the first thing that rose in my heart was sympathy.

Yeah—The only thought I had for him was that I felt sorry for him, suddenly
finding yourself in a different world where he didn't know anyone.

The first impression I had of you was that you seemed a bit unreliable.

It's like you have no initiative, always at the mercy of the situation... And
yet, I felt like you had somehow given up, even before you acted.

You may not be aware of it, but I've been watching you ever since you came to
this world. As expected, I couldn't follow you when you were with Underworld
King-sama or Death King-sama, or when you were inside the temple, but I was
always there to escort you when you walked outside other than those times. If I
were to describe myself using the Knights' jargon, I'm a shadow—someone referred
to as a person responsible for guarding their target under concealment. When all
of you came to this world, each of you had a shadow assigned to you by Lili, and
I was the one who was assigned to be in charge of you.

I was chosen for a simple reason: I do not harbor any repugnance towards men.
Although it may not be Duchess Albert, Lili's intention to do so... but the
atmosphere around the Duchess' mansion has somehow become an environment where
males are prohibited, and many of the servants who have continued to work in
such an atmosphere have feelings close to prejudice towards men. Even though
Lili restrained them right from the start, it must have been an uncomfortable
place for you.

I followed you as a shadow, and just on the first day, I made the big mistake of
losing sight of you. Lili told me that the other party was probably a
high-ranking Demon, so it couldn't be helped... It wasn't a topic that ended up
being unforgettable for me, but after that, I reminded myself to put more effort
into your protection and to watch your movements even more closely than before.

I think it was after the New Year was over that you started to change.

You, who had been somewhat reluctant to interact with others before, began to
actively interact with various people, as if someone had possessed your body. Or
perhaps, it may have just been a trivial change to the extent where you say
hello to someone you hadn't spoken to before, but I think the environment around
you has drastically changed.

[I'm sorry, Miyama-san. Even though you're our guest, this kind of...]

[No, I've already been here for 2 weeks, and I don't want to keep asking for
your help... I'm always happy to help if it's just something like this.]

[Thank you... Ummm, it's not much of a thanks, but I'll prepare you some tea
when I finish this work.]

[I'm sorry if I made you feel mindful of me... but since we're at it, I'll
gratefully take it.]

[Yes, I'm not as good as Lunamaria-sama, but I'm confident in my ability to make
tea, so you can look forward to it.]

[Ahaha. I'm looking forward to it then.]

Carrying a basket with large amounts of laundry in it, I saw you walking down
the hallway alongside one of the maids. It was about two weeks after your
arrival that I began to see this often.

When you first arrived, there were three main types of servants in Duchess
Albert's household. Those who were willing to accept you, like Lili and Luna,
and those who aren't very fond of the otherworlders themselves because some of
the people who played the role of Hero had gone impudent after being treated as
a stage guest. And lastly, the fact that many of Duchess Albert's servants have
served Lili since she was a princess had a negative effect on them, as they were
people who would be prejudiced of you just because you're a man. If you put them
all together, it's no exaggeration to say that nearly 80% of the servants here
weren't happy with you.

You may not have realized it. However, it's true that the environment around you
has dramatically changed. Of those who didn't like you in the beginning, nearly
half have already changed their perception of you. Since this feeling of theirs
was born out of petty prejudice in the first place, it's only natural that your
reputation would change faster if they could just directly look at you as an
individual.

You were essentially a good-natured, gentle person with a soft smile that suits
you very well...

I've been watching you, and been amazed by you.

You are changing the environment around you by your actions, and that was very
bright for me, as I was afraid to move forward for fear of failure.

Take action to change your present condition on your own...It's easy to put it
into words, but I think it's very difficult and daunting to do. How are you able
to be so strong? Aren't you afraid that your present condition would worsen...
aren't you afraid of failure? Putting myself into your shoes, I ask myself that
question. Fortunately, you still speak even to this mute me, and occasionally
had tea with me.

Do you remember it? When I asked you about a question I had during our first few
teas, you said...

[That should be obvious, failing is scary, right? I mean, not too long ago, I
was always thinking about the risks and stuff like the negative side of things,
and I always end up not being able to act on anything.]

[.........]

[What about now? Yeah, I had some change in mentality... It may be just a bit,
even if it was really just a bit, but it has helped me to think positively. I'm
now thinking that if I could somehow do something now if I do my best, but if I
just give up without even trying, isn't it quite a “shame”...]

[.........]

[Ah, no, that's actually also just something I heard before. However, once I was
able to think like that, the pain I had been experiencing before became much
easier. I was able to think about doing my best again, and persevering for a bit
more.]

The way you said that, it was like you're really shining... You looked really
wonderful. Yes, I have a confession to make. I respect you, who is younger than
me, with all my heart. Seeing you work so hard and keep on going gives me
courage... and somehow, I also felt happiness. I think it was around that time
that your presence began to grow in me...

Did you know?

I've noticed how many of the people who weren't happy with you before were now
happily responding to your greeting...

As a matter of fact, you're quite popular among the servants now.

Did you notice?

The changes you brought to the environment around you...

That the chef who used to harass you now sometimes uses slightly better
ingredients for your meals, that you have a maid who has always wanted to be in
charge of making your bed in your room...

As far as I can see, there are a certain number of people who would have held
romantic feelings for you if given the chance.

Did you know?

How big your existence has become in my life...

When I sensed that you were in danger, I was so worried that I felt my heart
would break.

Did you notice?

When I was about to lose you, the feelings I had for you changed from respect to
longing...

You probably didn't even notice it. You are a very kind and nice person, but you
seem to have a troubling habit of poorly-estimating yourself.

It's quite inconvenient not being able to express these thoughts out loud but...
I think it should be enough for now.

At the moment, I don't have the courage to tell you this clearly.

Embarrassing it may be to say this, but this is the first time I've ever fallen
in love with the opposite gender, and I'm confused about many things.

So, it may be selfish of me but... I will continue watching as you do your best,
though I will have to ask you to share some of your courage.

And when I finally have the courage to take a step forward, I will share my
thoughts with you.

I'm troubled since I have lots of rivals... but borrowing your words, it would
be a shame to give up without even trying.

So, from now on, I'm going to try my best too.

To approach you who I yearn for, even a little closer...
