---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 1: The Elven City

It's been a month since I arrived in this world. I've gotten so used to my daily
life that I've had time to reflect on how long it's been, and I think this is
thanks to Lilia-san. In addition to providing us with food, clothing and
shelter, she also gives me advice when I have problems and really cares for my
health. It's just a guess, but if someone other than Lilia-san had been the one
who summoned us, I think we would have been too worried about some things to
think about anything else. However, I feel that Lilia-san, who's been looking
after the irregularities, us, is getting a little tired. No, I guess the origin
of the majority of the troubles she's experienced is me...

I-In any case, I wanted to relieve Lilia-san's fatigue, even if only a little
bit, so I consulted Lunamaria-san, who knew Lilia-san's preferences and
schedule. I was thinking if we could have Lilia-san participate in the nearby
Sacred Tree Festival, where we could also go sightseeing.

With these thoughts in mind, I'm visiting Lilia-san's office to discuss with her
the Sacred Tree Festival.

[I heard about this a while ago, but a festival called the Sacred Tree Festival
in the Elven Forest is apparently going to be held soon.]

[The Sacred Tree Festival huh? Yes, it certainly is right around this time of
year. I've never participated in it before, but I've heard that it's the biggest
festival for the elves.]

[Arehh? Lilia-san has never participated in this festival before?]

When I started to talk to her over tea that Lunamaria-san had brewed for us,
Lilia-san told me that she had never participated in the Sacred Tree Festival.

I had the impression that Lilia-san was someone who knew everything in the
world, and when I heard that it was a pretty famous festival, so Lilia-san's
words were quite surprising. Thereupon, Lunamaria-san, who knew about her
circumstances, explained.

[Miyama-sama. I can understand why you're always forgetting about it, but in
case you forgot, Milady used to be a princess and a Division Commander in the
Knights Order. So, she didn't have that much opportunity to go out of the royal
capital.]

[I feel like you've added a few unnecessary comments here but... Yes, it
certainly is as Luna said, I haven't traveled outside the royal capital very
often. Half-baked it may be, I'm still royalty, and I was left out in regards to
diplomacy-related stuff.]

[Even if she looks like a woman who thinks with her muscles and grew up in some
kind of wilderness, Milady is actually like a doll trapped in a box.]

[...I would resolutely deny the first half of what she said, but the second half
is generally true.]

It's easy to forget because of her friendly and approachable demeanor, but
Lilia-san is a member of the royal family who had the right to the throne. She
apparently received her own court rank and renounced the right to inherit the
throne, but she's in a slightly difficult position of being the King's older
sister, and in addition to that, the King dotes on her so much that he didn't
want to let her out of the royal capital very much. As a result, although she
may have traveled with Lunamaria-san before, it's not very often, and there are
still many areas which she only knew through the information she heard.

[That aside, does Kaito-san want to participate in the Sacred Tree Festival?]

[Y-Yes. I heard that it's a famous festival, so I'd like to see it if
possible...]

[...Isn't it alright? The Elven Forest is famous for its beauty and its abundant
forest, and since both Milady and Miyama-sama have been so busy lately, wouldn't
it be just right for a change of pace?]

When I nodded at Lilia-san who asked that while tilting her head, Lunamaria-san
also added some follow up explanations. As I expected, it's really easier to
have an ally in negotiations like this. With this being the case, the
conversation would go on smoothly... is what I thought would happen, but
Lilia-san was looking at the two of us like she's thinking about what we could
be up to now.

[...That certainly is a great choice if we want to go sightseeing. However,
putting aside attending the Sacred Tree Festival, I've never visited the Elven
Forest before, so I'm a little nervous.]

[Don't you have any information about it, Lunamaria-san?]

I had heard that Lunamaria-san was a half-elf, half-demon hybrid before, so I
asked her if she knew anything about the Elven Forest since she had elven blood
in her veins, but Lunamaria-san shook her head.

[My father certainly was a half-elf, but he passed away when I was very young...
My mother may have brought me to attend the festival in the Demon Realm several
times, but I've never visited the Elven Forest before.]

[...Is that so.]

[Yes, since the Sacred Tree Festival is mainly a festival for the Elves, the
people who know more about it must be a pure-blooded elf.]

Even though this country apparently has good relations with them, I guess there
was still a part of her that would feel uneasy if we go to a place where we lack
information huh? Lilia-san may have agreed to participate, but because she's in
charge of us, it seems that she wants more information in advance. That's when a
woman suddenly came to my mind.

[...Would Sieg-san know about this?]

[Indeed, Sieg is a pure blooded elf that was born in the Elven Forest... Luna,
around this time... is Sieg in the middle of patrolling?]

[Yes, perhaps... I'll call for her.]

Fortunately, Sieg-san seems to be from the Elven Forest and is the perfect
person to ask about the Sacred Tree Festival. Sieg-san is fortunately one of the
people I had talked to the most among the people working at Lilia-san's mansion,
making it easier for me to ask her questions. Briefly explaining the situation
to Sieg-san who arrived a few moments later, it looks like she understood as she
nodded her head, and after sitting down on the reception room's couch, she
looked ready to answer our questions.

...But Sieg-san, we got a pretty large sofa here, why are you sitting down next
to me like it was obvious? We're sitting close enough that our shoulders touch
each other, but isn't her vigilance to me too weak? Ugghh... Something smells
good... Calm down... Keep calm...

A-Anyway, with her arrival, we can learn more about the Sacred Tree Festival.
Errr, I wonder what I should ask? Come to think of it, Shiro-san told me the
location of the Elven Forest, but I'm not really familiar with the geography of
this world, and I don't really know the exact location of that place. I guess
I'll start by asking about that.

[S-Speaking of which, I don't even know where the Elven Forest is in the first
place, but is it far from here?]

[......]

[I see. Then, would it be difficult to go there by carriage?]

[......]

[Arriving there by flight... Through something like magic?]

[......]

[Eh? Dragon? I see... So there's also that way of traveling around here huh.]

It seems that the Elven Forest is reasonably far away from the royal capital and
it would take too much time to travel by carriage, so it seems that one would
usually ride a flying dragon when traveling in such distances. I didn't know
this, but it seems that using flying dragons seem to be the mainstream method of
transportation to get around and carry supplies, and there are even some
merchants who specialize in it. In short, these flying dragons are like the
airplanes back on Earth.

[In that case, the time is just about right, isn't it? Is anyone allowed to join
that festival?]

[......]

[That's good. I'm relieved. I heard that it's a festival about hunting and
harvest before but...]

[......]

[Ah, I see. The festival lasts for two days huh.]

[......]

[Fumu fumu, so they would hold the hunting competition on the first day, and a
harvest competition on the second day huh.]

[......]

[Ah, is that so? I'm looking forward to that!]

The Sacred Tree Festival apparently lasts for two days, with the first day
holding the hunting competition, in which participants hunt in a predetermined
area, and prizes are awarded to winners based on their game. Then, the second
day would be a harvest competition in a safe area. It seems that even children
can participate in this event and even I, who can't hunt, can participate
without any problem.

On the night of the second day, the hunted game and harvested fruits are
prepared and displayed, and everyone eats them while giving thanks for the
bountiful harvest.

[......]

[Heehhh... Then, a lot of people would come to visit every year huh.]

[...Ummm, please wait a moment, you two.]

[Eh?]

[......]

While Sieg-san was courteously explaining about the Sacred Tree Festival, for
some reason, Lilia-san stopped us for a moment. When Sieg-san and I turned
towards her while I tilted my head, Lilia-san and Lunamaria-san had dumbfounded
expressions on their faces.

[What are the both of you doing just now, Kaito-san, Sieg?]

[Eh? No, Sieg-san was explaining about the Sacred Tree Festival to me...]

[...Sieg-san isn't able to speak in the first place, so how does Miyama-sama
understand Sieg's explanation?]

[That is, well, I can somehow understand it based on her... gestures...]

When the two people asked me that like they're seriously wondering about it, I
replied to them while tilting my head. Thereupon, Lilia-san and Lunamaria-san
look at each other before making somewhat astonished expressions.

[...Milady, could you understand what she said?]

[...No, all I could see was just... Sieg nodding, shaking her head, and
occasionally moving her hands...]

Ah, that's right.

Thanks to my Sympathy Magic, I was able to read what Sieg-san wanted to say to
me not with words, but with her emotions, and I thought it was very easy to
understand because she was also adding some gestures with it but... For
Lilia-san and the others, it just looks like Sieg-san is making gestures while I
talk to myself.

[I see, Sieg... The reason why you took the initiative in escorting Miyama-sama
was because you don't need to write to have a conversation with him...]

[......]

After hearing what Lunamaria-san said, Sieg-san deeply nodded once, and for some
reason, she looked taken aback before turning towards me, and then, began waving
her hands while looking really flustered. She tells me that it's not just
because it was convenient for her, but because she likes me as a person. She's
probably worried that I've been hurt by her earlier affirmation, but I'm
strangely embarrassed when I heard such a thing from a beautiful woman like
Sieg-san.

As for me, Sieg-san is a very easy person to talk to, so I've been talking to
her every time I see her on a regular basis but... I know that Sieg-san is a
kind person, so she wouldn't react in such a way, but there was a part of me
that was honestly worried that she would find me annoying. However, with the way
she acted just now, I was very happy to find out that Sieg-san, who I've talked
to the most in the mansion aside from Lilia-san and Lunamaria-san, looks
favorably towards me. It seems that I, at least, am getting along with Sieg-san.
After that, Lilia-san and Lunamaria-san talked about the Sacred Tree Festival,
and it was successfully decided that we would be participating in the Sacred
Tree Festival.

A day passed and it's now the 1st Day of the Water month. I was chatting with
Alice at her general store, where I have been a regular customer for quite some
time now.

[...And so, we'll be participating in the Sacred Tree Festival.]

[Heehhh... That sounds nice. The Sacred Tree Festival is a great festival. Was
it because they grew in the Elves' forest perhaps? The fruits they have over
there were really tasty. You can bring me a mountain of fruits as a souvenir,
you know?!]

[...Unnn, well, I'll think of something to bring back. That aside, is there
anything you think I should bring?]

If the venue of the Sacred Tree Festival is in the Elves' forest, there would
probably be places with bad footing, so if there's anything that I need to
bring, I can buy them here. Hearing my words, Alice seemed to be thinking about
this for a moment before she started scanning my body.

[Unnn. I think the shoes Kaito-san is wearing now are already alright. They're
good for trekking forests and mountains, and it's better than buying new shoes
that you're not used to wearing.]

[Fumu.]

[Kaito-san, are you going to participate in the hunting or harvest competition?]

[I'm thinking of participating in the harvest competition.]

[Ahh\~\~ In that case, it's better if you bring a knife with you.]

There's obviously no way that an ordinary person like me can go into the forest
and hunt game, so I'm going to participate in the harvest competition, which is
safe even for children. Thereupon, Alice got up from her chair and picked up a
small knife from the shelf of weapons, she placed it on the counter.

[This is a knife-shaped magic tool. It has a magic crystal on the handle that
has been imbued with Wind Magic Formula, so if you lightly grasp it and shake it
a bit, your magic power will cover the blade of the knife, allowing it to
efficiently cut stuff even with a weak force. The width and length of the magic
blade can be adjusted to some extent depending on the amount of magic power you
put into it. In addition, the actual cutting blade would be your magic power, so
the knife itself wouldn't get dirty and doesn't require any cleaning. From
harvesting fruits to cutting down obtrusive grass along the way, this knife is
convenient to use!]

[Heehhh... That certainly sounds convenient... But I guess it's quite expensive
huh?]

[Well, roughly 50R should do!]

[...I'll buy it.]

It's cheap. As usual, her merchandise is quite cheap. For such an amazing knife
to just cost 5000 yen... Thinking about this again, Alice really is a great
fellow...

[...She usually looks like an idiot though.]

[Oi, Kaito-san? Your inner thoughts are leaking out again, you know?]

[Ah, sorry. My true thoughts accidentally...]

[What about your evaluation of me?!]

Hmmm. Alice really is easy to talk to and easygoing. I enjoy talking with her.
It hadn't been long since we had met, but I really feel like we're kindred
spirits.

[Sorry, sorry. So, is there anything else you suggest?]

[Let's see. Some survival supplies... I think some leisure supplies would also
be good too, like a sheet of cloth to spread out on the ground when you need to
eat lunch or binoculars.]

[I see. Incidentally, do you have them?]

[Of course, we have stocks of those! Should I find appropriate ones for you?
Also, are you considering changing to a more durable clothing? I can guarantee
durability and protection of my clothes, you know?]

[Unnn, I'm counting on you.]

When I showed my willingness to buy more, Alice's face changed to that of a
businesswoman so vividly that I can easily tell. How should I say this...
Smiling as I see that Alice is just like usual, my preparations for the Sacred
Tree Festival are fully ready.

On the night of the day I made various purchases at Alice's general store, I
told Kuro, who came to my room as usual, that I was going to participate in the
Sacred Tree Festival.

[I see, Sacred Tree Festival huh... Hmmm.]

[Unnn? What's the matter, Kuro?]

Also inviting Kuro to join us in attending the festival, I thought I only needed
to tell her about it, but upon hearing what I said, Kuro had a complicated
expression on her face.

Asking this, thinking that she's uneasy about something, Kuro spoke, looking
troubled.

[...I wanna go too.]

[...Eh?]

[I also want to go to the festival with Kaito-kun and others, but I can't. I
just couldn't.]

It seems like she isn't against going to the Sacred Tree Festival. Kuro herself
wants to go too, but she apparently couldn't go.

[I think it would be fun if Kuro goes with us... but I guess you're busy with
stuff huh?]

But well, I guess it couldn't be helped. Kuro is one of the Six Kings, the
pinnacles of the Demon Realm. They were people who could be described as Demon
Realm's rulers, so they'd obviously be very busy. Even though I don't feel that
kind of aura around her when I'm with her... She almost never comes to visit
during the daytime, so she really must be very busy.

[...No, rather than busy... It's more like things would become hectic...]

[Unnn?]

[In festivals, you see... Even if I use Recognition Inhibition Magic, if even
one person notices me, people will immediately gather and it will become a
ruckus. Dealing with the aftermath of that happening is also troublesome...]

[Ahh, I see what you mean...]

While under her Recognition Inhibition Magic, Kuro will only become aware of her
when she directly talks to them. It's not a problem if she's wandering around a
city like when we're on our date. However, if it's at a festival... For example,
if one of the shopkeepers at a food stall were to become aware of her, they'd
end up greeting her, saying “Underworld King-sama”... Even if the surrounding
people weren't aware of Kuro because of her Recognition Inhibition Magic, they
would still hear the shopkeeper's words and know that “the Underworld King is
over there”. If that were the case, a lot of people would gather at that place.
That certainly would lead to a troublesome situation.

[In that case, it would really be difficult for Kuro to go huh?]

[...Unnn. It's a shame, but it can't be helped. I'll think of a countermeasure
about this “for next time”.]

[...Eh? Ah, unnn. Do your best.]

It seems like Kuro hasn't given up on going to a festival. At the very least,
I'm sure that next time she mentioned with determination earlier isn't about
next year's Sacred Tree Festival. H-Hmmm, I've got a subtle bad feeling about
this. No, I can't predict how she's going to make this work, but I have a
feeling it's going to work out in a way that's way beyond my imagination...

[By the way, Kaito-kun. Have you prepared your baby castellas for the Sacred
Tree Festival? If you don't have enough, I'll share some with you.]

[No, no, you talk as if you're checking if I fully prepared a change of clothes,
but I'll have you know, baby castellas aren't a travel necessity, okay?]

[Eh?]

[No, don't look at me like I'm the one strange here...]

Looking sincerely surprised that I'm not bringing baby castellas with me, the
Baby Castella Fairy... I mean, Kuro. As I was astounded with Kuro's way of
thinking that is way too dynamic to be called a misunderstanding, the night has
come to an end.

The 2nd Day of the Water month. The weather was unfortunately terrible, so I
stayed in my room and relaxed instead of going out.

[Ummm, Fate-san?]

[Hmmm? What is it?]

[What are you doing, lounging around on the bed in my room, as if it's the most
obvious thing in the world... What about your work?]

[Kai-chan... Have you not thought that I came here after I finished work?]

[Nope, not really.]

Before I knew it, I saw this useless Goddess... The God of Fate, Fate-san,
slovenly lounging around on the bed, and with an astounded expression on my
face, I spoke. As usual, she skipped her work and escaped. Well, I'm sure
Chronois-san will come and retrieve her soon enough. I know it's useless to tell
Fate-san to go back to work, so I'll just look out the window and say nothing
more.

[...I wonder if the rain will stop soon?]

[Unnn? Why?]

[No, I'm planning to go to Rigforeshia tomorrow to participate in the Sacred
Tree Festival, so I'm hoping it will stop.]

The Sacred Tree Festival itself starts on the 4th Day of the Water month, but
since Rigforeshia, the venue for the festival, is far away, we're planning to
head there the day before the festival. Most festivals would be cancelled due to
rain, so if this rain continues for several days, I'm afraid that the Sacred
Tree Festival might be cancelled as well.

[Heehhh... Sacred Tree Festival huh... Well, if the rain continues, it certainly
might be postponed.]

[Yes...]

[Alright. Well then, from tomorrow until the Sacred Tree Festival ends, “it will
be sunny”.]

[...Huh?]

Declaring this, Fate-san got up and looked out the window, before she
immediately laid down on the bed in a prone position again.

[There, all done, it will be sunny at that time.]

[Eh? W-What does that mean? What happened just now...]

[Unnn? I didn't do much. I just made it so that fate deems it that tomorrow
until the end of the Sacred Tree Festival will be sunny.]

[H-Huhh...]

What in the world is happening? From the way she just said it, did she just use
her power as the God of Fate?

[Unnn? You curious?]

[Y-Yes. I'm wondering what Fate-san just did...]

[Well, to put it simply, I have the ability to control fate. Let's see... If I
use a metaphor, I suppose it's like rolling a die? For example, if Kai-chan
throws a 6-sided die, which number do you think will come out?]

[...I wouldn't know that until I tried throwing them.]

Raising her head while her body's still plopped down on the bed, Fate-san
answered my question.

[I suppose you're right. However, I can decide which number will come out even
before I throw the die. Making the uncertain into the inevitable, turning an
inevitable event to another inevitable event... That is the authority I possess.
I guess you could describe it as me, having the ability to determine a
possibility? Well, it really isn't just that... but that's pretty much what my
ability is about.]

[How should I say this... That sounds amazing.]

The ability to determine a possibility. It felt like it even allowed her the
ability to interfere with the future, that's one unreasonable cheat.

[Well, even though I'm like this, I'm still one of the Supreme Gods, you know...
I'm one of the highest-ranking beings who serve Shallow Vernal-sama. I'm
actually a pretty amazing person, you know?]

[...Looking at you slacking off like that doesn't make it seem that way though.]

[Ahaha, that's true.]

Even though she's a God, Fate-san doesn't condemn me for my words, which should
be considered rude, and happily smiles at me.

How should I say this... She's a person difficult to hate. Perhaps, that's why I
can't help but yield when she suddenly appears in my room and takes over my bed.

[By the way, Kai-chan.]

[Yes?]

[The clothes over there, is that what you'll wear for the Sacred Tree Festival?]

[Eh? Yes.]

[Hmmm...]

When Fate-san saw the clothes I had taken out of my magic box as I began
checking if I got all I needed to bring for the Sacred Tree Festival, her
expression turned serious. Unlike her usual languid atmosphere, her face had a
certain majesty to it. After looking at my clothes for a while, Fate-san turned
her attention back to me.

[...With Shallow Vernal-sama's blessing on you, I really can't see your fate...
but the fate of those clothes... Hmmm.]

[Fate-san?]

[Unnn? No, it's nothing. I was just thinking that Kai-chan was born under a
strange fate.]

When I tilted my head, unable to understand what Fate-san was saying, a faint
smile appeared on Fate-san's lips before she spoke.

[Kai-chan... “Don't die, okay?”. It'd be boring if you did.]

[...Huh? W-What do you mean?]

[I dunno? I wonder what I mean. Well, you don't have to mind it. Kai-chan isn't
me. You wouldn't know your fate until you roll the die... You could just flow
along the stream instead of being conscious of all the things drifting along
it.]

[H-Huhh...]

Just as I was thinking that she suddenly said something unsettling, Fate-san
started becoming very roundabout with her words. Unable to see through her
intentions, I can only tilt my head... Unfortunately, it doesn't seem like she
had any intention of telling me anything. Then, after shifting her gaze from my
clothes to me, Fate-san seemed to be thinking about something for a moment,
before she began mumbling something.

[From what I see from the fate of that clothing... I'm pretty sure Kai-chan
would receive quite an injury, but Shallow Vernal-sama will probably make her
move, so I guess this really isn't a problem? Well, if Kai-chan dies, it would
be boring... so I guess I'll tweak fate a bit.]

I couldn't hear what she said because her voice was too quiet, but I could see a
grin growing on Fate-san's lips. After a short while, Fate-san, who had a
teasing smile on her face for some reason, as if she remembered something, got
up and spoke.

[Well then, God of Time and Space is about to arrive, so I'll go home, okay?
I'll come visit again.]

[Ah, yes... Ahh, Fate-san.]

[Unnn?]

[Thank you for the weather.]

[...You're welcome... Kai-chan, I wanna give you one advice. “Once the effect is
over, leap backwards”. Well then, bye bye\~\~]

With that, Fate-san disappeared. Leaving behind a mysterious piece of advice...

The 3rd Day of the Water month. Under the clear, refreshing skies, in
preparations for the Sacred Tree Festival that we're heading to now, we are now
standing before a large gondola and two white dragons. The Flying Dragon Flight,
which is the means of transportation we're using to head towards the Elven
Forest, is like a flying carriage. The gondola is made up of a material called
“levistones”, something that would probably be mined in a certain castle in the
sky. As its name suggests, it seems that these stones enable the gondola to
float when magic power is poured into it, while the two dragons would pull it.

It is said that these dragons called “White Dragons” are one of the fastest
among the flying dragons, and with them pulling the gondola, we would arrive at
the Elven Forest in just a few hours. That's why their fares are quite high, and
more importantly, the White Dragon flights are very popular among the nobles,
and Lunamaria-san seems to have had a lot of trouble arranging such a flight for
us.

While Lilia-san and the others were discussing the route, Kusunoki-san,
Yuzuki-san, and I were only looking at the white dragons. No, I've seen that
flying dragon that Neun-san hunted before, but this white dragon is larger than
that, with a 7-meter body and beautiful snow-white scales. It seems that it's
classified as a monster, but it doesn't seem to be hostile against us, probably
because it's already used to humans. Well, they aren't like pet dogs who would
become emotional by the sight of people, they're just ignoring us like we're
people they shouldn't be concerned with...

I had this impression that girls wouldn't be good with reptiles, but it seems
that as long as they look cool, it wouldn't be a problem, as Kusunoki-san and
Yuzuki-san approached the white dragons and tried to touch it, but the white
dragons were completely unresponsive.

As I was watching them from a distance, I suddenly noticed a small dragon less
than a meter in length glancing at me from behind the two dragons.

Could it be the child of the white dragons? I don't know if it's because it's
still not very used to humans or not, but it was hiding in the back of its
parents while looking at us with vigilance.

[Fruuuuuuhhh!]

[......]

When I took a step closer, I was met with a tremendously hostile look.

How should I say this... She kinda looks like an afraid dog, threatening to bite
me if I continue to get closer. Come to think of it, Kuro mentioned how my
Sympathy Magic could allow me to interact with creatures that couldn't speak.
Since an opportunity like this appeared, I guess this is a good time to try it
out.

[Kyuu?]

Thereupon, the baby dragon tilted her head and cried once, and she began staring
at me. As it seems like she still feels fear, I released my Sympathy Magic with
friendly emotions again. After repeating that a few times, it seems like the
baby dragon became interested, as she began coming closer to me, fluttering her
little wings.

[Kyuuk, kyyuuiii. Kyuukyuuii?]

[Don't worry. I'm not going to hurt you.]

Smiling at the chirping baby dragon, I slowly held out my hand. The baby dragon
shrank back in fear at first, but after sensing my friendly emotions, when my
outstretched hand touched her paws, instead of running away, she began letting
guard little by little. Once she dropped its guard, like a child, the baby
dragon quickly became emotionally attached, meekly letting me pet her. I was
expecting her skin to be tough because of her scales, but it seems like as a
child, her skin is still surprisingly soft. It's not quite as soft as rice
cakes, but it's about as soft as rubber and comfortable to touch.

[Kyuuukk\~\~]

Seeing the little dragon purr as if she was comfortable being petted... looks
kinda cute. I thought dragons would just be something like a big lizard, but
this white dragon seriously looks as cute as a kitten. Putting my hand away from
her head, I tried holding the baby dragon with both of my hands, and the baby
dragon no longer resisted, meekly holding within my embrace.

[Kyuukyuuii! Kyuukuruuu!]

[Ahaha.]

The little dragon pressed and rubbed her head against my chest. The way she's
acting like a spoiled child looked really cute, and a smile appeared on my face
as I felt ticklish from her touch. Thereupon, the baby dragon looked like she's
having fun, as it used her little paws to climb up my clothes.

[Unnn?]

[Kyuu, kyuu, kyuu.]

The sharp claws on her paws are a little scary, but they don't really make any
holes on my clothes because the materials used in it is good, and as the little
dragon cried out while climbing up my body, when she reached my right shoulder,
it looks like she's satisfied, lying down on my shoulder... It's quite heavy.

[Kyuuukuu\~\~]

As the little dragon began to relax on my shoulder, it seemed like Lilia-san and
the others finished talking, and when the Flying Dragon Service's driver turned
towards us, she spoke.

[Ah, that's right, I forgot to mention it, so that it could remember the route
that we will be going through today, I brought the child of these two white
dragons. She's still not accustomed to humans and it's dangerous, so I ask you
to stay... away from... her?]

[...Errr.]

[Kyuuii?]

The driver lady's eyes widened when she turned towards me and saw the little
dragon on my shoulder.

[...N-No way. H-How in the world did you... That little dragon isn't even
emotionally attached to me yet...]

[Ummm, please don't mind it. That guy is just, errr, a special case...]

[So you've finally reached your claws to monsters... Miyama-sama, you really
are...]

Along with the dumbfounded driver, Lilia-san and Lunamaria-san looked amazed as
they looked towards me. Although it's thanks to my Sympathy Magic, it seems that
a baby dragon normally wouldn't get emotionally attached with someone quickly.

[Wow\~\~ It looks cute. Let me hold it too...]

[Fruuuuuuhhh!!!]

[Hyiiihhh?!]

The proof of this is that although this baby dragon is emotionally attached to
me, she let out a low growl and threatened whenever Yuzuki-san tried to touch
it.

[Don't worry, she won't hurt you either.]

[Kyuuii?]

[Yeah, that's right. That's why, you don't have to snarl at her.]

[Kyuu... Kyuuku, kyuuii!]

When I explained that Yuzuki-san wouldn't hurt her either, the baby dragon
tilted her head for a while, before it nodded her head in understanding. It
seems that she understands, as her feelings of hostility towards Yuzuki-san have
eased.

[Yuzuki-san, it's alright to touch it now.]

[Eh? Ah, yes...]

[Kyuu!]

[Fwaahhh, it's so soft... this child is so cute!]

Upon receiving my words, Yuzuki-san reached out again, and the baby dragon
didn't growl this time, meekly letting Yuzuki-san pet it. Seeing the situation,
the female driver's mouth opened wide, looking stunned for a while, and then she
approached me.

[You were from another world, right?]

[Ah, yes. What's the matter?]

[...If you ever decide that you won't return to your world and remain in our
world, please contact me. We promise to hire you on favorable terms!]

[...Huh?]

[You have a really great talent! If you can tame a flying dragon this quickly,
you can even become the best flying dragon driver in the world!]

[H-Huh...]

Filled with excitement, the woman begins to explain how difficult it is to tame
a flying dragon. When I looked at Lilia-san and the others, asking for help
after feeling a little pressured from how vigorous she was, Lilia-san and the
others just looked at me with a wry smile on their faces, as if they'd
completely given up.

In the gondola, which unexpectedly isn't swaying at all, I look at the scenery
with the little dragon who is completely attached to me and is sitting on my
shoulder.

[Looking up from here, Symphonia Kingdom is brimming with greenery, isn't it?]

Although the Symphonia Kingdom's royal capital is that developed, it's very lush
and beautiful when viewed from above. It doesn't look like they're just
wilderness that would make one feel like they're uncharted territory, the
scenery gives me the impression that they're really taking care of nature.

[Yes, the Symphonia Kingdom is home to the largest elven forest in the Human
Realm, and is a country with an abundance of nature.]

[The primary factor for that though would be the close relationship Symphonia
Kingdom has with World King-sama.]

Hearing my words, Lilia-san and Lunamaria-san explained.

[The Elves in particular were firmly worshiping World King-sama, and the Sacred
Tree Festival is also considered as a festival to give thanks to World King-sama
for the good harvest.]

[......]

Sieg-san vigorously nodded in affirmation to Lunamaria-san's words.

Apparently, the World King is someone equal to a God for the Elves.

[If I remember correctly, Chronois-san told me that the World King is the spirit
of the World Tree, so is that related to why they're considering her as a God?]

[Yes, the Elves... lost the forests they used to live in when the Demon King's
army invaded. When World King-sama learned of this, after the treaty of
friendship was signed, she used her power to create vast forests for the Elves.
Since then, the Elves have evidently treated World King-sama as their God, and
they're holding firm faith in her.]

[The Elves are a large race, but no Elvish Chief has named themself a king since
the Treaty of Friendship. Perhaps, it proves that to the Elves, the only king
they have is World King-sama.]

It seems that the World King is the greatest benefactor of the Elven race, and
that's why they were strongly worshipping her. But even so, creating the world's
largest forest, I guess that's to be expected from one of the Six Kings, she has
a really outrageous power.

[Incidentally, as it was the Symphonia Kingdom who provided the land, since
then, World King-sama has sent her spirit and fairy followers to the Symphonia
Kingdom, resulting in the development of Symphonia Kingdom's food culture that
is extremely rich in crops.]

I see, that explains what Lilia-san meant earlier when she said that the
Symphonia Kingdom has a close relationship with the World King. I remembered
hearing that there's no God of Fertility in the Symphonia Kingdom, so I guess
the one who brings fertility to the country is the World King.

Just like that, on the way to the Elven Forest, Lilia-san told me the story
about the World King and the Elven Forest.

After three hours or so of travel on the Flying Dragon Flight, we could finally
see a city that's mostly made with wood in the center of the vast forest below
us. Some of the buildings look like log cabins, others look like towers made of
wood, and in the center of the city conspicuously sits... a huge tree that looks
like it's several hundred meters tall.

That's probably the Sacred Tree that symbolizes this festival. Anyway, I heard
that they were living alongside nature, so I thought the place would only be
about the size of a large village, but even though their houses may be different
from the Humans, this place could already be considered a large city.

[T-This is amazing... All of their buildings are made with just wood?]

It seems that Kusunoki-san also felt the same way, as she seemed to be deeply
moved and muttered.

[As expected, they didn't just use wood, but they would use as much of nature as
possible.]

The white dragons landed in a place that looks like the entrance to the city. It
was amazing to see from the sky, but standing in front of it like this is also
quite a sight to behold. Stepping into the city of the Elves that renewed our
thoughts of how this really is another world—is something nice to do if I was
able to head straight into the city, but we first have to deal with a problem.

[Kyuuuu\~\~\~\~!!!]

[Errr...]

The little dragon that took a liking to me won't separate from me. Just as my
Sympathy Magic directly transmits my emotions to others, at the same time, I can
also understand others emotions. I don't know if the baby dragon liked me that
much, but it sat on my shoulder the whole time we were traveling, and even now,
it still clings to my clothes and won't separate from me.

[Miyama-senpai, it has become really attached to you huh.]

Just as Yuzuki-san said, the female driver is somehow trying to separate her
from me, but the baby dragon isn't listening at all. I don't know if I should be
happy or troubled that she has become emotionally attached to me but... In any
case, if I can't persuade this baby dragon, I can't get in the city of elves.
No, it's not that they were preventing us from entering the city but... the fact
is that this baby dragon isn't my pet, this is the Flying Dragon Flight's baby
dragon, so I can't just take it along for my own convenience.

[Don't worry. We can meet again when we're going back, and we can also meet back
in the royal capital.]

[Kyuuuu\~\~]

[Unnn, so you have to diligently listen to what the driver says.]

[...Kyuuii.]

The baby dragon looked very sad, but I managed to convince her with my words as
it made a small nod. And then, her grip on my clothes weakened...

[Kyuu!]

[?!]

And she suddenly bit me on my neck.

I was startled for a moment, but it didn't seem like she sunk her teeths on my
neck, and after play-biting twice, she let go. What was that just now? I don't
really know, but the fact that the female driver is surprised probably means
that it may be an act to show affection or something like that. Anyway, after
that, the baby dragon separated from me, and as I waved my hands to her, she
gave me a cry of reluctance even as she saw me off. She was a really cute child.
I've heard that this Flying Dragon Flight had set up a shop in the royal
capital, so when we go back, I'll occasionally come to visit her.

After parting with the lady driver and the baby dragon, we stepped into the city
of the Elves again. This world has something called magic, and the big city is
said to be enclosed inside a Barrier Magic, so there's no such things like
ostentatious walls surrounding the city and we were able to easily enter.

[Everyone, we will now be meeting up with the people who will be guiding us
here.]

[The one who will be guiding us?]

Lunamaria-san said that although her father was a half-elf, she had never been
to the Elves' city before... so could it be an elf acquaintance of hers? Or
perhaps, there's someone who's working as a tour guide around here? I was about
to open my mouth and ask Lunamaria-san the question, but right at that moment, I
heard a loud voice that came out of nowhere.

[SYMPHONIA KINGDOM'S!]

[DUCHESS ALBERT AND HER ENTOURAGE!]

[ [ [ ?! ] ] ]

[...?!?!]

The voices that came out of nowhere startled me, Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san,
and for some reason, Sieg-san also had a shocked expression on her face. When I
moved my gaze towards the voice, I saw two shadows running towards us from the
distance.

A male elf with short blonde hair and a female elf with long red hair... The two
of them each ran in a straight line from diagonally to the left and right in
front of us, and they began crossing with each other a few distance in front of
us.

[Hahh!]

[Touu!]

Crossing with each other in midair, they somersaulted once before landing. And
with that landing, the two elves struck a pose, standing with their backs behind
each other.

[ [ WELCOME TO THE ELVEN CITY OF “RIGFORESHIA”\~\~!! ] ]

[ [ [ ...... ] ] ]

How the heck am I supposed to react to this? Something's wrong. Their tensions
were obviously greater than even we, who had just come here, had. And then,
seeing that Sieg-san's holding her hands on her head, could it be that these
people are...

[...A-Arehh? Why do I feel like all of you are drawing away from us?]

[Mhmm, could it be that our pose is a little too sophisticated for them?]

[ [ [ ...... ] ] ]

I guess that's to be expected from elves, the blonde man and the red-haired
woman are both tremendously beautiful, but how should I say this... Their
excitement was excessively out-of-place. In front of the dumbfounded us,
Sieg-san, who was holding her head in her hands, slowly stands up and draws her
two slended swords.

[......]

[A-Arehh? Sieg-chan? What's wrong? Your face looks really scary.]

[Hahaha, she must surely be feeling bashful!]

[However\~\~ I feel like she would try to slash me any moment soon...]

[H-Hahaha... W-Wait right there, Sieg. Let's calm down and talk...]

[...!!!]

[ [ Gyaaaaaaahhhhh?! ] ]

Sieg-san, who had turned into a shura, attacked the two elves and their
miserable screams rang out.

[...Umm, Lilia-san. Could those people be...]

[Yeah, errr, they're Sieg's “parents”.]

[ [ [ ...... ] ] ]

What can I say here, no... I don't even think that there's anything I can say.
Just when she's about to attend a festival in her hometown with people she
knows, and for her parents to suddenly appear with outrageously high excitement,
from a daughter's point of view, it would be nothing more than shame play.
Sieg-san's sad emotions were being fully conveyed, even without my Sympathy
Magic, just from the deep blush and the anger that could be seen on her face.

A few moments after Sieg-san's parents' shocking entrance, currently in front of
us, Lunamaria-san was on her knees with her hands on the ground, her body
trembling in fear.

[...Ummm, I'm sorry. It's not that I meant any harm, I just forgot to say it...]

[......]

[No, it really was just an accident. It's just that after I sent a letter of our
visit to Rigforeshia, they graciously accepted to show us around so...]

[......]

Right next to Lunamaria-san's neck were two swords, pierced on the ground, while
in front of her imposingly stands Sieg-san, her face filled with anger.
Apparently, Sieg-san was the only one who wasn't informed that her parents were
going to show us around. Well, considering that she was always near Lilia-san,
she should have been properly informed about this, so I'm pretty sure that this
useless maid's fate is already set in stone...

[S-Sieg-chan. Luna-chan didn't really mean any harm, so just leave it at
that...]

[......]

[Hiihhhh?!]

Sieg-san's mother, the red-haired woman, tried calling out to her, but after she
got glared at by Sieg-san, she immediately pulled back. It seems like it would
take some time before Sieg-san's anger subsides.

[Miyama-sama! Please help me!]

The heck, oi?! Don't throw your problem at me, you useless maid!!!

No, no, even if you turn those relying eyes on me, what you did is... No, not
just this situation, even those previous times were just you, getting your just
deserts, and I'm not related to why this happened at all. It's not my
responsibility to help you, and I have no obligation to do so... So, please stop
looking here, Lunamaria-san. I'm really weak against those relying look in
people's eyes so... Ah, geez!!!

[...U-Ummm, Sieg-san. Will you please let her get away for now?]

[......]

[No, I understand how you feel, but I'm sure Lunamaria-san is reflecting, so
please just leave it at that.]

[......]

Hearing my persuasion, Sieg-san looks like she's still quite unsatisfied even as
she nodded her head, and she pulled out the sword away from Lunamaria-san's
neck. Seeing that, Lunamaria-san looks like she's relieved from the bottom of
her heart, but unfortunately for her, I don't intend to leave her like this. If
I were asked which side I would take under this situation, I would say I'm with
Sieg-san here. I really feel sorry for Sieg-san if we're just going to let this
situation pass like this, so I'm going to do something that should work.

[Sieg-san. If Lunamaria-san does something strange again, please tell me. I have
a great idea how to stop her from doing something again...]

[...Ummm, Miyama-sama? That idea you mentioned...]

[I'm going to ask Kuro to give you a scolding.]

[Please accept my apologies!!! I'm begging you, anything but that!!!]

This threat seemed to be very effective against the zealot, as Lunamaria-san
lowered her head so fast that she was already rubbing it against the ground.
She's clearly more desperate about this than when Sieg-san was pissed at her.

Anyway, this seemed to put Sieg-san in a better mood to some extent, and I faced
Sieg-san's parents again.

[Now that the situation is settled, once again, everyone, welcome. I am
Sieglinde's father, my name is Rejnhardt. You can just call me Rei.]

[And I am Sieglinde's mother, Sylphia. Please call me Fia. Nice to meet you\~\~]

[ [ [ Nice to meet you. ] ] ]

With bright smiles on their faces, Sieg-san's parents introduce themselves.
However, seeing them up close like this, both of them look really young... Let
alone being in their 20s, They look young enough to be passable in their teens,
but both of them apparently were already over 200 years old. Elves are
amazing...

[It's been a while. Rei-san, Fia-san.]

[I see that you're quite healthy, Lilia-chan. Have you finally found yourself a
husband?]

[Ah, no, that is...]

[It was impossible even with the blessing of the God of Love so—Gofuaahhh?!]

A beautiful body blow struck Lunamaria-san's abdomen just as she was about to
say unnecessary things. This fellow really isn't learning her lesson at all...

It seems that Lilia-san is already acquainted with Sieg-san's parents as they
exchanged very polite greetings. I thought they would show us around the city
right away, but Lunamaria-san confirmed the location of the inn she had booked
for us and told us that she was going to bring our luggage there, and so,
Rei-san and Fia-san suggested that we relax until Lunamaria-san returned, so we
ended up visiting Sieg-san's parents' home. Rei-san and Fia-san seem to have
very cheerful personalities, and they've been talking to us while on the way.

[By the way, you mentioned you're Miyama-kun, right?]

[Eh? Ah, yes.]

While walking, Rei-san suddenly spoke to me with a serious expression on his
face.

The serious expression on his face, coupled with his beautiful appearance,
somehow looks sharp.

[What do you think? Our Sieg is quite cute, isn't she?!]

[...Huh?]

[...?!]

What the heck is this person saying all of a sudden?

[No, even as her parent, I must say. Sieg is quite well proportioned and
extraordinarily beautiful!]

[H-Huh...]

[If you're a man, you'd understand Sieg's appeal, right?]

[Ah, yes. Well...]

It's true that Sieg is a tall and slender person, with a beautiful, well-defined
face that seems to combine dignity and loveliness, along with her red hair and
long ears that are the special characteristics of elves, I think it wouldn't be
a mistake to call her a beauty. She has a gentle and kind personality, is good
at cooking and baking, and has a good temperament, making her very attractive.
However, why would her own parent ask such a question at this point of time?

After hearing my response, Rei-san nodded, looking somewhat satisfied, and
zipping his face close to mine in excitement, he spoke.

[Of course, I know you do! So, how far have you gone with Sieg?]

[...Yes?]

[?!?!?!]

Again, I repeat, what the heck is this person saying?

[Have you gone on a date? Or have you already gone past the kissing part?]

[N-No, it's not like Sieg-san and I have that kind of relationship...]

[What did you say?! Are you sane?! You've already been living with Sieg for a
month now and for you to not lust after her, are you even a man?!]

[...E-Errr...]

I'm a little confused and my head can't keep up with what he's saying but, I
guess Rei-san is just one heck of a doting parent. I can tell that she loves
Sieg-san very much from the way he talks and his behavior, but I wonder what
this is... This absurdly high disappointment I'm feeling...

[This won't do, of course, as a father, it's hard for me to see his cute
daughter having a lover. But at the same time, I also want my daughter to be
happy... and today, for the first time in her life, Sieg came home to her
parents with a man in tow! Even if tears still fall from my eyes, I'm all ready
to accept, even if she's coming here to inform us of her marriage!]

[......]

[And yet... you can't go on like this! It's fine if you sometimes act like a
man, go assault her like the beast you are! Alright, I'll give you some money,
so you and Sieg go on a date—Bfuuooohhh?!]

A fist slammed into Rei-san's face, who was overwhelming me with his frightening
momentum, at a tremendous speed. The one who slammed that fist into his face
was, needless to say, Sieg-san. Sieg-san's face was bright red and her clenched
fist was trembling. She looks very angry.

[S-Sieg, c-calm down. Daddy is just thinking about Sieg's sake—Bfueehhh?!]

[......]

As Rei-san fell on his buttocks and tried to explain, Sieg-san's fist slammed
into his face again.

I can't feel any mercy from Sieg-san anymore, as she began swinging her fists
down, one after another, faster than even before Rei-san could say anything.

[Ara ara, please excuse them\~\~ They're causing quite a ruckus.]

[Eh? Ah, no, is it alright even if you don't stop them?]

[It's okay. It's his fault anyway.]

Looking at the extreme violence that her husband is receiving, Fia-san told me
in a relaxed tone.

Ah, how should I say this... I feel like I can see how Sieg-san's daily life is
back in her hometown... This kind of flow where Rei-san would mess around,
Sieg-san getting angry, and Fia-san leisurely watching them, seems to be
something usual for them.

[Well, it's not that he had any bad intentions. It's just that Sieg-chan seemed
to like you a lot.]

[Eh?]

[?!?!?!]

Sieg-san's fist, which had been hitting Rei-san, stopped when she heard the
words that Fia-san nonchalantly said.

[I mean, the letters that Sieg-chan sends lately have always been about
you—mghhhmmm?!]

[ \~ \~ \~ ]

[Sieg-san?]

Fia-san tried to continue speaking, but before she could finish speaking,
Sieg-san quickly moved and covered her mouth. Sieg-san's face was now bright red
as she looked at me, frantically shaking her head for some reason. Hmmm. It's
just my guess, but Sieg-san probably wrote about one of the rarely seen
otherworlders, me, and sent it to her parents, but I guess that means Rei-san
misunderstood her huh? Then, it makes sense why Sieg-san is that flustered.
After all, if they perceived something that the person herself intends to, and
her parents suddenly start saying things that lack common sense, she will
obviously get flustered.

[Aoi-senpai. Sieg-san looks pretty obvious to me but... is Miyama-senpai really
that slow?]

[His self-esteem is probably so low that I guess that an idea like that never
came up in his mind?]

Hearing my two kouhais talk about stuff that doesn't make sense, I turned
towards them and tilted my head, and for some reason, they looked even more
taken aback. Sieg-san's parents were quite lively, and it seems that Sieg-san is
having a very difficult time. However, how could I say this in a good way?
Looking at their flurries of exchanges—I remember the times when Mom and Dad
were still alive.

Arriving at Sieg-san's home, we were currently having a cup of tea while we
waited for Lunamaria-san. Sieg-san's home is made of wood, and the interior is
quite spacious. The warmth of the wood seemed to calm my mind.

[Rei-san. Are you alright?]

[...Good gracious, my daughter's love really is quite heavy. I think I would
need to use Recovery Magic on it.]

As we drank tea, I called out to Rei-san, who looked like a firework just
exploded right on his face.

In response, Rei-san smiled and held up his hand to his face, and as his hand
emitted a faint light, the wounds on his face quickly healed.

[As expected of the “Former Court Mage”, what splendid skills you have.]

[Hahaha, well, as expected, I've been feeling that my skills have been on the
decline lately. Especially if Lilia-chan and Luna-chan are going to participate
this time, it's going to be hard for me to win the hunting competition.]

[Is Lilia-san really that strong?]

Apparently, Rei-san used to work as a court mage in the royal palace, and he is
a very skilled mage. And that Rei-san highly evaluates Lilia-san's ability, so
Kusunoki-san, who was wondering about it, asked so.

[Oya, you don't know? Within the Symphonia Kingdom, Lilia-chan is said to be the
one who holds “ability closest to the strongest”. Just her battle capabilities
makes her worthy of being the Knight Order's leader.]

[U-Ummm, Rei-san. Please stop...]

[I've also heard others say Lilia-san is strong before, but was Lunamaria-san
also that amazing?]

Regarding Lilia-san's ability, I could definitely see it from the fact that she
was already the runner-up in a martial arts tournament even just when she was a
teenager, but I've never heard of Lunamaria-san being strong before. Ah, but
come to think of it... I can't really imagine it because of how she usually
acts, but didn't Lunamaria-san mention that she was a former adventurer?

[I think it's safe to say that Luna is one of the favorites in winning the
tournament. Her hunting skills, especially in the forests, are far better than
mine because of her experience as an adventurer. Of course, Sieg is also one of
the candidates to win, too. Although we elves are inferior to humans in terms of
muscle strength, we have superior vision and hearing, and we're also unrivaled
in hunting in the forests. Especially since Sieg's sword skills are even better
than mine.]

[......]

[I see.]

I guess that it's already something I expected, Sieg-san is also quite strong as
well. She's one of the elven race with excellent senses, and her sword skills
are even better than Lilia-san's... To be honest, I wonder why I get the
impression that Lilia-san is more of a power-type rather than a technique-type?
Is it because she knocked me out cold many times?

[...Kaito-san. Do you have something you want to say?]

[I-I'm not saying anything though?!]

[Hahaha, well, generally speaking, they're the best within the Symphonia
Kingdom.]

Anyway, it seems that Lilia-san and the others are worthy candidates for overall
victory. But as expected, the warriors of Rigforeshia, who usually hunt in the
forest, are also excellent, so it doesn't seem to be so easy to win...

[Hmmm. The only one I've seen battling in this world is Kuro so... but I don't
think the fight would be that exciting if someone uses magic.]

[Ummm, Kaito-san... Comparing us with someone like her is strange. You're
comparing us to one of the strongest beings in the world, you know?]

And well, that's how our enjoyable conversation went but... A few moments later,
the door flew open and Lunamaria-san rushed into the building.

[...Haaahh... Haaahhh...]

[Luna?]

[M-Milady?! Something important happened!!!]

[What's the matter?]

Lunamaria-san, who came rushing in, must have come in too much of a hurry.
Heavily breathing, she spoke to Lilia-san with an impatient look on her face.

Lilia-san must have sensed the unusual atmosphere she had, and thus, she also
turned serious as she began urging her to continue.

[J-Just a moment ago, the “prize” for this year's hunting tournament was
announced, and that is...]

[The prize? Ah, come to think of it, they still haven't announced it huh.]

[That's right\~\~ The prize last year was a magic tool, so I was also wondering
what the prize was this year\~\~.]

In the hunting competition, a prize will be presented to the winner every year,
and I've heard that it changes every year. There are a variety of prizes, from
money to items like magic tools, but it seems that this is what Lunamaria-san
wanted to talk about.

[But this time, as it's the 1000th anniversary of the creation of the Elven
Forest... Instead of the Elven Chief, World King-sama herself would be the one
bestowing the prize!!!]

[What?! W-World King-sama would...]

[Luna... That is... Don't tell me...]

Hearing the words that Lunamaria said, Rei-san and Fia-san also looked at her
like they couldn't believe it. However, Lilia-san's expression looked even more
impressive... Rather than shock, what's that called again... It's somehow close
to looking aghast, but anyway, Lilia-san looks different from how she usually
acts.

[It's as you're thinking... The prize would be the “Fruit of the World Tree”.]

[?!?!]

At that moment, my Sympathy Magic sensed strong emotions.

Deep regret and... rage directed to themself?

And the person emitting those strong emotions was... Lilia-san.

[What is this fruit of the World Tree?]

[Legend has it that this fruit can heal sickness, wounds, and even restore
missing limbs. I've never seen one of it myself, but I've heard that on rare
occasions, World King-sama would give to her followers as a gift.]

[It's doesn't just worth a lot of money, it's already priceless\~\~ Even some of
World King-sama's followers may have never seen the real thing.]

Rei-san and Fia-san responded to the question Yuzuki-san had asked, but they
also looked like there were some complicated circumstances. I wonder what that
is? This is... The one who I can feel the strongest emotions in is Lilia-san,
but both Lunamaria-san and Sieg-san somehow have a pained look on their faces.

[Finally, this chance finally appeared... I definitely need to win...]

Lilia-san muttered in a voice so quiet that even I, who was relatively close to
her, almost missed it. I was curious about her words, but the strong emotions
coming from Lilia-san made me hesitate to ask. Thereupon, after saying “I have a
few things to do”, Lilia-san left with Lunamaria-san, while Sieg-san had a
pained expression on her face, looking at their departing figures.

---

In the training center that was opened for the participants of the hunting
competition, Lilia and Lunamaria were training with serious expressions on their
faces.

[...We don't have much time left, I need to refresh my instincts quickly...]

[...Lili.]

Lilia, who has been away from actual combat for a long time, is desperately
swinging her sword to regain her former senses, and seeing her like that,
Lunamaria looked at her with a somewhat sad expression on her face. Lilia's face
showed a strong sense of frustration, looking so dreadful that was hard to
imagine from how she usually acts.

[Luna, I'll definitely win. No matter what it takes, I'll win the Fruit of the
World Tree...]

[Lili, you're still...]

[Of course I am!]

[?!]

In response to the words Lunamaria sadly muttered, Lilia shouted with an
expression filled with sorrow. Her voice was filled with unbridled fury.
Lunamaria herself knew that if she told Lilia about the existence of the Fruit
of the World Tree in this competition, she would have to face this situation.

After all, Lilia has always been searching for the Fruit of the World Tree...

After all, telling her this might alleviate some of the deep regrets that still
haunted her...

[She... Sieg “lost her voice because of me”!]

[......]

[Sieg's voice couldn't be restored even by Recovery Magic... If there's a chance
that it could be healed, then I... I will...]

Tears in her eyes, Lilia bit her lip hard. Seeing her sad visage as she
regretted her past, Lunamaria couldn't find any words to tell her, so she
silently accompanied Lilia with her training. A few distance away... Sieglinde
sadly gazed at the two of them.
