---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 4: The World King, Lillywood Yggdrasil

On the third morning after arriving in Rigforeshia, I woke up and got up from my
bed, and was surprised to find that it was still quite early in the morning.
It's now around 5:30 in the morning, and I'm pretty sure I went to sleep last
night after talking to Sieg-san, just before 1 o' clock in the morning... so
I've only slept about 4 and a half hours. However, I don't feel tired despite
the amount of sleep I had, and in fact, I feel lighter than usual. I guess I was
able to sleep deeply tonight.

Thereupon, the thought occurred to me that since I had woken up early, I might
as well go for a light walk. However, when I opened the door to my room to do
just that...

[Good morning, Master!]

[...G-Good morning.]

...For some reason, Anima was waiting for me outside my door, as if it was the
most obvious thing in the world.

[...A-Anima? W-Why are you in front of my door?]

[Hahh! After finishing my duties as a guard yesterday and taking a short rest,
I've been “standing guard in front of Master's room” since around 0100!]

Hearing the words she said with a neat salute, I was at a loss for words for a
moment. Eh? She's been standing guard since 1 o'clock in the morning? ...What
the heck is this girl doing?

[...I-Is that so. That aside, keep your voice down a bit. ..... Everyone's
probably still asleep.]

[Y-Yes. I'm sorry.]

[U-Unnn. So you've been here standing guard... You've been here all night
without sleep?]

[No, after working as a guard until 2330, I took a nap for about an hour.]

The hour she's talking about was unexpectedly an hour of sleep. Errr, let me get
this straight. Anima was helping out the guard force until 11:30 pm yesterday
evening. Then, she took an hour nap after that, and then stood guard in front of
my room until 5:30 in the morning...

[B-By the way, Anima. What are your plans after this?]

[Hahh! I was thinking of being Master's guard if you're going out.]

[...Errr, what time does your guard work start?]

[It's scheduled to begin at 0700.]

[...Is that alright? I mean, your physical condition...]

[That isn't a problem, I'm confident in my physical strength. It isn't a problem
even if I stay awake for a week or so.]

I don't know if all Black Bears were like that or Anima was just special, but
for the time being... I guess it's alright?

[Errr, I was just going on a stroll around the neighborhood, so I don't really
need a guard...]

[Hahh! I will accompany you!]

[...You can take some rest instead, you know?]

[C-Could it be that... I'm too weak... to serve as Master's guard?]

[N-No, that isn't what I... U-Unnn. Alright, how about we go for a stroll?]

[Yes!]

This won't do. If I try to refuse her offer to be my guard, she'll look like
she's about to cry. With her like this, I can't not bring her with me. H-Hmmm.
I'm a little worried about her though, so if I see that she doesn't feel well at
all, I'll just turn back immediately.

I also haven't had much time to talk to Anima, so I suppose it's a good
opportunity to get to know her better. With that thought in mind, I went out of
the inn with Anima. Then, feeling the clean morning air comfortably, I began to
walk in a leisurely manner.

[...Speaking of which, Anima.]

[Yes? What is it?]

[I'm asking you this again, but why did you decide to serve me? In terms of
strength, it was Sieg-san who prevented Anima's attack and Lilia-san who
defeated you, you know? I could understand if it's either of them but...]

This is something I've been wondering about for a while now. I heard Anima say
that she wanted to serve me after seeing me fight, but to be honest, if that
were the case, I think there were other candidates like Sieg-san, Lilia-san and
the others. In response to my question, Anima seemed to be thinking about it for
a moment, before she slightly smiled and spoke.

[...Master, do you know the characteristics of the Black Bear species?]

[No, only that they're very strong monsters...]

[I see. Well then, please allow me to explain a little bit about the me when I
was a monster. It'll take a little while, but would that be alright?]

[It's alright. But it's rather unpleasant to just keep standing while talking,
so let's search for a bench to sit down on.]

[Understood.]

Walking to the nearby plaza, we sat down on a wooden bench and I focused on
Anima's story again.

[Black Bears fundamentally don't group up together and behave independently.
Even the concept of familial love doesn't exist for us. Even the act of birthing
a child is seen as nothing more than increasing the number of our kind. In fact,
I don't even know the parents who gave birth to me. Well, I never really thought
that I needed to find out who they were.]

[..............]

After yesterday's incident, I remembered hearing from Rei-san that Black Bears
basically don't flock together. Apparently, they grouped up because of a Special
Individual that can lead the Black Bears.

[For as long as I can remember, there were only enemies and prey around me.
Fighting and eating are a Black Bear's instincts, and even I have lived such a
life. If I am stronger than my opponent, I get to survive another day, and if I
am weaker than them, that would be the day I die... My strength was everything
to me, and the only thing I could trust.]

This might be hard for me to sympathize with. This kind of life may be the right
way for wild animals to live, but hearing her story only made me a little sad.
After Anima paused for a moment, keeping her silence for a bit, a serious
expression appeared on her face.

[...I was certainly like the vermin Black Bears were. My existence back then may
have been bad, but that doesn't mean I don't have pride. I don't know about the
other Black Bears, but I always thought that it was shameful to “wound the weak
for no other reason than survival”. I thought that I would fight a strong being
whom I could truly respect and I die happy. I possess that small dream.]

[...For you to think as such back then, I wonder if Anima is smart even when you
were a Black Bear?]

[I suppose so. This was just my conjecture, but I thought that I possessed
intelligence and strength that were notably better than other members of my
species. I also thought that my intelligence would allow me “to reach the state
of being a Special Individual”... Well, I never really had any intention of
becoming one.]

[Reach the state of being a Special Individual? Eh? Weren't Special Individuals
like that the moment they were born?]

When I talked to Acht about this before, he told me that he was born as a Blue
Ogre, the Special Individual of Ogres. But from the way Anima said it, it
sounded as if she was saying that Special Individuals were evolved versions of
the normal ones. Hearing my question, Anima nodded once before she explained
about Special Individuals.

[There are two major types of Special Individual: Innate Special Individuals and
Ascended Special Individuals. That depends on the species. For example, the
Ogres' Special Individual, Blue Ogres are said to be a symbol of disaster among
the Innate Special Individuals, and are hated by their own kind. On the
contrary, the Orcs' Special Individual, the High Orcs are Ascended Special
Individuals whose status they acquired through evolution after going through
many battles, and are considered a Hero by their own kind.]

[I-I see... In other words, the Special Individuals of the Black Bears, just
like the Orcs, were something they ascend to?]

[That's right. I don't know the exact conditions needed for our kind to ascend,
but I think those with higher intelligence and magic power among our kind are
more likely to become Special Individuals, allowing the ability to rule our
kind.]

Anima's smooth explanations were easy to understand, and I could tell that she
was not only skilled in arms, but also in intellect. Just as I was about to
thank Anima for going off-topic and explaining about Special Individuals, I saw
her clenching her teeth. The emotions transmitted from Anima with my Sympathy
Magic... was that anger, and strong regret.

[...For me, the biggest disgrace of my time as a Black Bear was my inability to
resist the ability of the Special Individual. I've never felt so helpless as I
did then.]

[...Having become a Special Individual, I guess that Black Bear was stronger
than the others?]

[I've almost never met that Special Individual in person, but I dare say this...
In terms of simple combat power, I think I was better than them.]

[Eh? I-Is that so?]

Since they're called a Special Individual, I thought it might have a strength
that's distinctively different from the other Black Bears, but that doesn't seem
to be the case. Anima doesn't seem like the type who would talk big about
herself to make herself look good, so I think her words that he outperforms the
Special Individual in terms of combat power was her, objectively looking at the
situation.

[The Special Individual Black Bear specialized in intelligence. When it evolves,
its body seems to grow larger, but the amount of magic power decreases
accordingly. In return, it gains the ability to force other Black Bears... The
reason I didn't want to become a Special Individual was because of that
reduction in combat power.]

[I see.]

[I've only seen that Special Individual twice in my life. Indeed, it's stronger
than normal Black Bears, but without its special ability, I don't feel like I'd
lose against it. I know it sounds like I'm praising myself, but I'm proud to say
that I was one of the most powerful Black Bears. Well, that's why it made me the
vanguard to break through the city's defensive wards though...]

Thereupon, Anima stopped speaking again and as a frustrated expression rose on
her face, she resumed.

[...It was humiliating. Forced to follow someone weaker than myself, forced to
overturn my own pride.]

[...Anima.]

[...However, it wasn't all bad. Thanks to that, I was able to meet Master.]

After saying that with a smile, Anima began to talk about the part I was most
concerned about... about why she wanted to serve me instead of Lilia-san or the
others.

[I only use my own power for my own sake. In order to survive, I take the lives
of others and eat them. That's something I never questioned about. I didn't even
think that what I was doing was wrong... But when I met Master, I discovered
something new about myself.]

[A new discovery?]

[Yes... You were weaker and had less magic power than me. And yet, with such a
body, Master stood up against me, not for your own sake, but to protect someone
else... and seeing that, I thought Master was strong. I thought Master was
amazing. Seeing the cradle of shining will within Master's eyes, I was dazzled.
I realized then, “such a strength also exists huh”... Master, who had strength I
didn't know... Master, who had strength I didn't have... I looked up to such a
Master.]

I was stunned by the words Anima said with a smile, unable to say anything. To
be honest, it seems like I misunderstood Anima. With all due respect, I actually
thought that the reason why she wanted to serve me was originally something
simple, something she didn't think about too deeply.

[My life as a Black Bear wasn't a very good one. I was forcibly controlled by
the Special Individual, my end came in a battle I never wanted. However... My
wish to die fighting someone I can truly respect came true.]

However, Anima was much smarter than I thought, and she thought of many things.
As for her decision to serve me, it seems like it wasn't just made based on her
momentary emotions.

[And then, my soul caught Shallow Vernal-sama's attention, and she asked me
this: “What do you want to do now?”...]

[..............]

[My wish already came true. However, I also had some regrets. I thought that if
it could come true, I wish to serve someone of my own will, not be forced to
obey them... I also wish to fight for someone else. To Master who thought about
me this strength I didn't know... To Master who I had injured...]

That was a really sincere desire. Not a hint of wicked thoughts, I guess it's
just pure and unadulterated noble knight-like loyalty? It's hard to explain the
feeling that is welling up in my heart right now, but I think I'm feeling happy
about Anima's words.

It seemed that my act of courage, which I'd summoned up with what little courage
I had, was the beginning that changed her mind...

[Having heard my wish, Shallow Vernal-sama granted me a new body. I can't thank
Shallow Vernal-sama enough for this. It's thanks to her that I'm able to serve
Master with my own will.]

[...Anima.]

[Embarrassing it may be to say this, but I'm the reincarnation of a savage beast
and may cause Master a lot of trouble. However, please believe that this loyalty
I offer to Master will never be clouded.]

After saying that much, Anima stared at me with a serious expression and deeply
bowed her head.

[...It's natural for Master to be confused. But please, if you will permit it...
I wish to serve Master's side.]

[.................]

I don't need subordinates. I would only be bewildered even if I get one...
That's definitely my true thoughts about this. However, it's true that Anima's
words make me happy, and I'm also beginning to feel affectionate towards her.
How should I answer her? After pondering about this question for a while, I
calmly spoke.

[...Anima, how long will it take for the guards to reorganize?]

[Hahh! From what I've heard, it could be anywhere from half a month to a month.
They're also requesting the country's cooperation, so if that goes through, I'm
sure that time will be somewhat shortened...]

[I see... Errr, if possible, until the reorganization of their guard force
finishes... I'd like you to cooperate with them.]

[Hahh! Understood!]

[Unnn, and after your work in the guard force ends...]

[Y-Yes.]

When Anima heard my words, she looked up with a somewhat anxious expression on
her face. Anima isn't an idiot. She herself should understand that I don't
really want a subordinate. That's why she's feeling anxious, afraid that she
will be relieved of her duties...

Smiling at Anima as if to reassure her, I spoke.

[...After that, I'll talk to her... so I'd like you to come to Lilia-san's
mansion.]

[?!]

[I would need to pick you up when you come, so you can ask Rei-san and the
others to contact me through a hummingbird.]

[M-Master... That is... in other words...]

[No, errr, to be honest, I don't really understand all this master-servant
thing, and I don't think it's in my nature to act self-important and give orders
to Anima. However, ummm... You see, I don't know much about this world, I'm sure
I'll be troubled with a lot of things in the future... but as long as Anima's
okay with it, I'd be glad if I could depend on you from now on.]

[...Master. Yes, yes! After completing my duties as part of the guard forces,
this unworthy Anima will immediately go to Master's side!]

The anxious expression on Anima's face clearly changing to a cheerful one, she
stood up and gave me a sharp salute.

[I'll count on you then... Please take care of me, Anima.]

[Yes! I will exert my very best!!!]

[U-Unnn. Let's keep it in moderation, okay...]

Anyhow, she's the type who charges straight when she sets her mind upon
something, but she's quick to fight others, so I'm rather anxious. But well, I
could just follow up in times like those, and having Anima as an ally is
reassuring, so considering this, my evaluation of her increases. How should I
say this... She's in the process of learning a lot of things just like me, so I
feel close to her in that sense too. I still have my reservations regarding all
this master and servant stuff, but taking Kuro as a reference... I'd be happy if
we could be something like a family.

[Ahh, I have a feeling you'll be helping out in Lilia-san's mansion, but would
that be alright?]

[Yes, there's no problem. Speaking of Lilia-dono... She's that “Special
Individual Human”, right?]

[...Eh? S-Special Individual? Lilia-san is?]

[Am I mistaken? Her power has clearly deviated the power of a Human. Of all the
people I saw when I visited Master, she was clearly “in a different league”...]

[H-Hmmm? Was Lilia-san that strong?]

Arehh? W-What does this mean? Lilia-san said she's around the same level as
Sieg-san and Lunamaria-san... Anima says that only Lilia-san was in a different
league than the others.

[Yes. Lilia-dono is even stronger than “my current self”.]

[...Wait a moment. The current Anima has the strength of a Viscount-level,
High-ranking Demon, right?]

Seriously, what does this mean? If she's stronger than Anima, then that means
Lilia-san is stronger than the average Viscount-ranks...

H-However, when I told her about Kuro at the time I just met her, she said she
didn't want “to antagonize a Peerage-holder if it's possible”... Unnn? Ahh...
She never said she couldn't win... Eh? T-Then, Lilia-san really is that
ridiculously strong?

[Lilia-dono's ability, I estimate it would be at “high Viscount-rank”...
Perhaps, she's already at a level where she's barely reaching Count-rank.]

[T-That much...]

[Yes. The density of Lilia-dono's magic power was so different from the others.]

[The density of her magic power?]

[Yes, let's see... To put it in another way, if the magic power I possess is
water, then Lilia-dono's magic power is like lead... At least, it seems like she
had several times as much magic power as mine. I'm not saying that the density
of her great amount of magic power is everything regarding her combat strength,
but for Lilia-dono to maintain such a high density of magic power even when
she's relaxed, she definitely is an overwhelmingly talented person.]

I'm pretty sure I understood that Lilia-san is a strong woman, but for her to
have magic power several times that of Anima, which is equivalent to a
Viscount-rank, I'm frankly surprised. I mean, this was quite different from what
I heard from Lilia-san herself. For Lilia-san to have actually been hiding her
true power... No, I guess it's just because of her personality? Her personality
definitely had a big part about this. She's a very humble person and doesn't
seem to be too attached to her strength, so she wouldn't just go around saying
stuff like she's strong. She probably did this so that me, Kusunoki-san and
Yuzuki-san wouldn't be afraid of her. I guess that certainly is just like
Lilia-san.

[There are few people who can match Lilia-dono, so in that sense, it's a relief
that Master is staying at Lilia-dono's mansion.]

[U-Unnn. I guess that's true.]

Indeed, not many people would be able to match Lilia-san when she's that
strong... not many people... arehh? I feel like I can think of many people who
can match her. N-No, it was just that I had abnormal connections, and as Anima
said, Lilia-san's mansion is a very safe place for the otherworlder me. Unnn, in
a lot of ways, I'm really under Lilia-san's care. I wish there was something I
could do to thank her, but I wonder what's something Lilia-san would likely be
pleased by?

...How about getting a Fruit of the World Tree? If I ask Kuro, I wonder if I
could somehow get one? I guess I'll try asking her once we go home.

[Well, anyway, I'll talk to Lilia-san about this, so I'll be in your care from
now on, okay?]

[Hahh!]

With her movements still as stiff as ever, Anima saluted. Perhaps, because we
had talked a lot about various stuff, I found her earnestness a little cute.

[Now then, I guess it's about time we go back to the inn and have breakfast.
Anima too, you eating with us? If it's money, I could pay for you.]

[Eh? Y-Yes. H-However, in that case... I-I would trouble Master....]

[You don't have to mind it that much. Or perhaps, you don't want to eat together
with me?]

[T-That's not it! I'd like to join you!]

Anima overreacted when I made a slightly teasing remark. Feeling a smile
naturally appearing on my face, thinking that this is kinda amusing, I decided
to return to the inn with Anima.

Anima, who had eaten breakfast with me, had also left for her guard duty. It was
now 8 o'clock in the morning, and the opening of the harvest competition in
which I, Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san would participate in was approaching.

After gathering at the entrance of the inn, before moving to the Spirits'
Forest, where the event will be held, Sieg-san gave us packages wrapped in cloth
when we gathered.

[Sieg-san? What's this?]

[...........]

[Eh? Our bento huh? Thank you very much!]

[...........]

Apparently, Sieg-san packed bentos for the three of us. The harvest competition
is held from 10:00 AM to 3:00 PM, and while there are some who will return to
the city once to eat, the majority prepared bentos to eat lunch. Sieg-san seems
to enjoy baking, and I've tasted some of her sweets before... It was all really
well-made and delicious, and since she mentioned that she usually cooks, I'm
looking forward to having my bento for lunch.

After properly thanking Sieg-san, we received our bentos and everyone moved to
the venue.

Incidentally, Lilia-san and the others aren't going to participate in the
harvest competition. This is because, although the threats of Black Bears is no
longer a concern, the annihilation of the guards is still causing concern in
terms of security of the area, and it seems that the participants of the hunting
competition have decided to volunteer to patrol the perimeter of the Spirits'
Forest, and Lilia-san and the others will be joining them.

When we arrived near the exit of the city of Rigforeshia, there was a large
crowd of people who seemed to be participants of the harvest competition. What
was different from yesterday's hunting competition though, was that there were
very many women and children who participated, I think?

[There are lots of kids here.]

[Yeah. The main purpose of the harvest competition is to get to know the
Spirits. Especially for the Elves, a good performance at the harvest competition
could become a pact for the future. All parents who have children want their
children to participate in the festival.]

I see, for the Elves, being loved by a Spirit is a great honor, and if they were
to perform well at the harvest competition, they will be able to become a Spirit
Mage. It seems that Spirit Mage is a very privileged position among the Elves,
and I guess it would be expected for parents to want their children to follow
that path.

It seems that while Rei-san was explaining to us, Lilia-san applied for our
participation, and the male Elf who seems to be in charge of the harvest
competition came to talk to us with a soft smile on his face.

[Well then, the three of you who will be participating need to listen to some
explanations and things that you need to take note of. It's going to take a
little bit of time...]

The male Elf gave us welcoming looks and began approaching us while saying
that... and immediately afterwards, his body floated. No, it was being lifted
up.

[...You dare waste the master's time which is worth more than thousands of white
gold, for such disrespect, you must be looking for death huhhh?! If you have
such a death wish, let me tear your body to pieces, right here and now!!!]

[...Anima... Let him go. Where the heck did you even come from?]

[Hahh!]

Anima suddenly appears and grabs the man's collar, making such a disturbing
statement while easily lifting his body in one hand... Seeing this, I let out a
big sigh before commanding her to let go of him. Anima obeys my order and
immediately lets go of him, and after turning to me, she salutes.

[Good morning, Master! I was patrolling just now! In the midst of my patrol, I
happened to notice his disrespect towards Master, so I came here to “remove”
this disrespectful being!]

This girl seriously is... I know from our conversation this morning that it
isn't like she doesn't have any thoughts, but can't she do something about this
temper of hers... Let alone a knife pointed at others, it's like she's a
dynamite that's ready to explode... Unnn, I'll absolutely go warn her a lot
later. Holding my head at Anima's extreme way of thinking, I decided to give her
instructions.

[Unnn. I'll be fine here so... you can go back to work.]

[Hahh! Anima will now return to her duty!]

[Unnn... Do your best.]

[Your words are wasted for this unworthy me! Well then, I will take my leave!]

After straightening as sharply and replying as loudly as ever, Anima returns to
her patrol with a systematic march. After seeing her off, I bow to the man who
looks confused.

[I'm sorry for Anima's impoliteness...]

[A-Ahh, no... I see, you are the rumored Master huh...]

[Rumored?]

[Yeah, I've been warned that if I say anything disrespectful to her Master...
you, in front of her, she'll instantly beat me up.]

[...I'm really sorry for everything.]

It's only been nearly half a day, how the heck did you make the people around be
vigilant of you that they're even alerted about this matter!!?! What the heck
did you do, Anima?! Even Rei-san's just sighing there like he had completely
given up on the whole thing....

Thanks to the sudden attack of Anima, I felt a sense of exhaustion even before I
participated in the event, and I listened to the man's explanation again.

The explanation of the harvest competition isn't so difficult, and once I heard
it, I can immediately understand most of the contents. The participants were
given a bag with a function similar to my magic box, and the flow of the harvest
competition is simple: put the fruit you harvested into the bag. Also, this bag
was made by a Spirit, and it seems to have a function that determines whether
the fruit in it is harvested this year or last year, so it's not possible to
cheat. For the things that we are being warned of, we are told not to harm the
Spirits, not to throw garbage in the forest, and so on. If you break these
rules, you'll be disqualified from the game.

It is said that if you grip the magic crystal attached to the bag in case that
there's a problem, the guards around the Spirits' Forest will be able to tell
your location immediately.

I guess that's to be expected since there are many children who are
participating in this event, and many safety measures have been taken in that
area.

[Well then, Aoi-chan and Hina-chan. Word of advice from someone with
experience~~ The Spirits might show up after a while that you were in the
forest... But Spirits are still very timid. Don't just approach them all of a
sudden, but wait for them to come to you. As long as you remember that, “the two
of you” can get good results.]

[ [ Yes! ] ]

[Ummm... What about me?]

[Kaito-kun... Unnn. I think it's fine if you just do as you see fit, right?]

Fia-san gave Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san some advice... but she didn't tell me
anything?! Why?!

[Miyama-kun.]

[What is it, Rei-san?]

[The “winner's prize” may just be an assortment of fruits, but the freshness of
the fruits deteriorates quickly. I'd recommend putting it in the Magic Box as
soon as possible.]

[...No, it's not like I've already won though...]

I don't know what the punchline of his joke is, but Rei-san makes it sound like
I have a chance of winning. No, no matter how you say it, I don't think I could
compete against the people from the place where Spirit Mages are born, right?

[Oya? Luna, what's that?]

[They are placing “bets on the overall winner” over there, so I've bet “all-in”
of my last month's paycheck to Miyama-sama.]

[...Go buy some for me too.]

[Understood.]

[Wait... Lilia-san? Lunamaria-san?]

When Lilia-san asked when she saw the wooden tag that Lunamaria-san had been
holding before I knew it, to my surprise, it seems that Lunamaria-san had
participated in what seems to be betting for the harvest competition. No, I
don't care if you want to bet or not, but why are you betting on me?!

[Ah, Luna-san. Me too, please.]

[Me too!]

[...........]

[Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san too?! Wait, why are you also taking out your money,
Sieg-san?!]

I have no idea how this happened, but everyone started betting on me. No, no, no
matter how you look at it, I don't have any chance of winning here though?!

If I don't win here, they're going to lose a lot of money, won't they? I'm
feeling really pressured here... Why the heck is this happening?

---

In a part of the area around the Spirits' Forest, not far from the city of
Rigforeshia, the figures of Rejnhardt and Sylphia who had joined the guard force
could be seen. Half of the guards were decimated, an unusual situation in
previous years, and these two people seemed to be quite serious at first as they
were guarding the area... but contrary to such vigilance, the harvest
competition was progressing peacefully and calmly, and soon, it would already be
lunchtime.

Nearly two hours have already passed since the harvest competition started, but
let alone monsters, there's no signs of even animals appearing in front of the
two of them at all.

If you think about it, it should be natural that this would happen. The magic
power of death released by the Death King Isis once covered the entire Elven
Forest. Yes, if her magic power of death is so incredibly powerful that it could
break the minds of half of the guards in just the aftermath...

If that were the case, there's no way these wild animals and monster that have
the ability to sense danger in the wild would ever think of leaving their homes,
and they would definitely stay in their nest for a few days, shivering in fear.
If that was the case, there was no way the fierce beasts and monsters that would
usually interfere with the harvest competition would come around, and thus, the
two of them had a lot of free time at the moment.

Just as these two stayed alert, but relaxed as they continued to keep the
security in the area, with somewhat serene expressions on their faces, a man and
a woman approached them.

[Ooiiii~~. Rei, Fia!]

[Oya, I never thought I'd meet you here.]

The male Elf calls out their names while widely waving his hand, and it seems
that they knew each other, as Rejnhardt light raises one hand to return his
greeting. The Elven man and woman stop when they get close to the two, and this
time, the female Elf speaks to them with a gentle smile on her face.

[Did you two join the guard force?]

[Yeah, we had that kind of situation after all. Well, it looks like that's
something that we can't avoid.]

After Sylphia responded to the woman's words, Rejnhardt followed up with a
question.

[Are you two not going to join the harvest competition?]

[Ah, no, I'm not joining this year. I'm just here to pick her up.]

[I was actually going to join the guard force ... But he insisted that I join
for some reason, so I'm joining the harvest competition. I'm just heading back
for lunch.]

[Well, that should be obvious. It wouldn't be much fun without you joining this
festival, as you're “last year's winner”.]

[Yes, yes... However, it's a shame Fia isn't joining this year. There's no point
in competing without a rival to compete with.]

The female Elf is a Spirit mage just like Sylphia, and they are good rivals and
best friends who work hard for each other. In fact, last year, the woman may
have acquired victory, but the difference in points between her and Sylphia was
very small. The fact that a rival with such equal ability didn't take part in
the competition makes the woman look a little disappointed, and Sylphia, seeing
this, tried to choose her words carefully before speaking.

[...H-Hey, errr, how about you... not participate this year?]

[ [ Eh? ] ]

[See! It's not too late, so you can still default now...]

[W-Wait right there, Fia? What the heck are you talking about?]

[No, Fia is right. I know what you're capable of. However, having that
competition of yours isn't going to be good this year.]

The man and woman looked surprised at the words Sylphia told them, and when the
woman listened back looking confused, Rejnhardt followed suit and recommended
that they abstain.

[Oi oi, what kind of joke are you two pulling now?]

[No, I'm not joking here! This year isn't good... A “monster” is participating
this year.]

[ [ A monster? ] ]

Hearing Rejnhardt's words as he tells them that, looking a bit pale, the man and
woman nodded their heads with expressions that seem to say they still don't
understand their reasons. After a bit of silence passes between the four of
them, Sylphia slowly opens her mouth.

[...”I was actually planning to participate” since I was encouraged by Rei
before...]

[Yeah, but Fia withdrew from joining yesterday. After witnessing how outrageous
that child is right before our eyes...]

[ [ That child? ] ]

[ I thought it would be better if I abstained from joining. Otherwise... This
pride I boasted and developed as a Spirit mage... will be smashed to pieces.]

[I agree with Fia. I don't mean to underestimate you by any means. It's just
that child is too much of a monster.]

[ [ ......... ] ]

Seeing Sylphia and Rejnhardt, who recommended abstaining so desperately that it
even looks like they were talking about an “incoming crisis”, the man and the
woman could understand that the two of them aren't joking at all. However, even
if they do, as expected... Probably because that one point where they themselves
have never seen this “monster” for themselves, but the threat that they have
been talking about wasn't properly conveyed.

[...Good gracious, you two seriously think she's going to lose? You remember how
many fruits she collected last year, right? “186”, that's the record highest
even among the generations, right?]

[T-That is...]

[It certainly is a tremendous amount considering that the average amount of
fruits harvested only amounts to 50 but...]

Certainly, if you normally think about it, even if it was a person with great
ability, the person Rejnhardt and Sylhia had in mind isn't a Spirit mage. In
that case, he shouldn't be able to beat this woman who has clear knowledge
regarding Spirits and has already gathered solid experience with it... is what
should have been the case but... Still, the anxiety never disappeared in their
minds.

[...Fufufu, isn't it amusing?]

[ [ Eh? ] ]

[For the two of you to describe him to be such a being... Wouldn't this mean
that I won't lack rivals to compete with? I guess he would be someone I would
need to take seriously.]

[Ohh! Great, let's go break the record again!]

[Yes, I'm in great shape this year and “the Spirits seem to be in a better mood
than ever”... I'll show you two how I crossed the 200 points mark this year.]

Rejnhardt and Sylphia thought for the woman's sake when they gave her advice,
but it ended up igniting the Spirit of the woman who wasn't very motivated for
this competition since her rival, Sylphia, isn't joining. The woman declaring
the unprecedented number of 200 left Rejnhardt and Sylphia unconsciously at a
loss for words.

[Hahaha, that's the spirit! Oops? If we spend too much time chatting here, we'll
end up missing lunch.]

[No, I'm passing on lunch, I'm going back to the forest. If it's someone that's
even greater than Sylphia... I can't be negligent.]

[I see, I'll be going back to Rigforeshia then.]

[Yeah, look forward to it... Well then, you two. Thanks for the good info. I'll
be off.]

The man and woman conversed in front of the two who just looked at them,
petrified, and the woman turned back the way she came and went back to the
Spirits' Forest, while the man also walked towards the city of Rigforeshia. As
they majestically went their ways... Rejnhardt looked off the back of the woman
who was well suited to say such words, and quietly muttered.

[...Fia, she's quite an awesome Spirit, isn't she?]

[...Yes, she's the “Head Spirit Mage” after all... the greatest among the
elves.]

[...200 should have been an outrageous amount of points, isn't it?]

[...Yes, it would truly be a historical achievement.]

[..........]

[..........]

They quietly exchanged words as the woman disappeared from their sight. Looking
at the direction she had gone in, the two of them quietly looked at each other
again.

[...But, I wonder why? I still can't imagine a future where she can beat
Miyama-kun...]

[...How unexpected. Me too...]

---

[Errr... Thank you.]

Going around the forest together with them, I thank the Spirit for holding them
out in front of me before taking them and putting them in my bag. It seems that
quite a bit of time has passed since the festival started, and when I looked at
my watch, it was already lunch time.

It's about time I took a break anyway, so I guess it's fine if I have lunch?

[How many do I have now? I think I already have “about 400” now?]

Looking at the bag which works the same way as my magic box and doesn't feel
heavy at all, I thought. I've been harvesting fruits almost without a break so
far, and I think I've harvested a little more than 400 fruits there. However, as
a first time participant, I'm not sure if that 400 is a large number or not....
I wish I had asked Rei-san and the others before...

No, in the first place, I don't know the reason why, but Lilia-san and the
others treated me like I'm one of the people who had a chance for victory, and
they even bet money on my name. Honestly, if it was just Lunamaria-san, it would
have just been fine, and if I were to lose, then she would have got what she
deserved but... With Lilia-san, Sieg-san, Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san betting on
me, I feel like a bit of pressure weighing down on my shoulders. Well, there's
no point just thinking about it, so let's just do our best in the afternoon as
well.

[...Even so.]

Having collected my thoughts, I suddenly moved my gaze. Out of the corner of my
eye, I see so many different colored Spirits that they were filling my field of
vision. Some Spirits that noticed my gaze and waved to me, Spirits that were
flying around me as if they were having fun, and Spirits that were repeatedly
patting my body as if they found something of interest...

[As expected of the Spirits' Forest, there are so many Spirits here...]

The Spirits aren't as timid as Rei-san and the others said, on the contrary,
they were the ones guiding me to the places where there are more fruits growing
on the trees, and they were even willing to help me harvest them. Hmmm. I guess
since they were providing the place for this festival, the Spirits were probably
very friendly to the Humans.

In a slightly open area in the corner of the Spirits' Forest, I sat down on the
root of a large tree and opened the bento that Sieg-san gave me.

[Whoa...]

Inside was a simple sandwich and some light dishes, and while it looked
delicious, it was also kind of feminine and cute. I guess that's to be expected
of Sieg-san huh, the crusts of the bread are neatly removed, and the sandwiches
are arranged in sizes that seem just right for eating. The filling is... I
wonder what this is? I can vaguely recognize lettuce-like vegetables in it, and
perhaps, she took into consideration that I'm a man who doesn't eat vegetables
that much, there are also some sandwiches with some meat in between.

It kinda looks like chicken but... what kind of meat is this? It's kinda, errr,
because of that tyrant worm... What I'm trying to say is that since I ate that
huge caterpillar skewer without knowing it, I've become wary of the meat in this
world. No, even if that huge worm meat was actually snake meat, I would still
have a hard time eating it just as I did back on Earth. However, to the people
of this world, it might just be a very common ingredient. Yes, it's already
cooked, and I don't know what kind of meat it is, so let's just not think about
it... And since I have a bad feeling about it, let's also not ask what the other
ingredients are.

Switching my mind away from those thoughts, which seemed to be leaning towards a
strange direction, I took one of the sandwiches in hand and brought it to my
mouth.

[...Delish.]

That sandwich isn't that outrageous that it would strip all my clothes while
screaming “Delicious!”, but every time I bite into it, the carefully cooked meat
will belt and become soft and tender, filling my mouth with its gentle flavors.
It's not like the food you eat in fancy restaurants or anything like those, I
guess it was as if you could taste the gentleness of home... A flavor I really
like.

And then, I tried the other side dishes. Perhaps, because they are eaten with
bare hands, all of the side dishes were made into bite-sized pieces and then
stuck on wooden skewers, so that they could be easily eaten with one hand. While
feeling my heart warmed by Sieg-san's typical meticulous attention to detail, I
was moving my gaze to see which side dish to eat first when my attention was
caught by something.

[Mini burger steaks...]

It seems that the burger steaks has been handed down in this world as well, and
when I saw the skewer with a bite-sized burger steaks stuck on it, I can feel
myself getting excited. Well, what can I say, I'm slightly embarrassed sounding
like an excited child but... It wouldn't be an exaggeration when I say that
burger steak is my favorite food to eat. As I recall, Sieg-san asked me before
what my favorite food was, and I remembered telling her about burger steaks. It
seems like she remembered it huh.

Reaching for the mini burger steak skewer and putting it in my mouth, I noticed
that it was a simple one with no sauce or anything else on it. For me, a simple
salt-and-pepper seasoned burger steak is the best, and I don't remember eating
many burger steaks with demi-glace sauce when I eat in restaurants. That's why I
can say that the burger steaks made by Sieg-san are my favorite.

[.........]

Delicious... really delicious.

The soft crunchy texture, the juices seeping into my mouth, and the simple
seasoning of salt and pepper accentuated the flavor of the meat, making the
flavor so delicious it was like it was sinking into my body. Ah, this is it...
this is what I like the best.

As I slowly and frugally savor my burger steak, my eyes heat up a bit and some
nostalgic memories come flooding back in my mind.

———Kaito, what do you think? Mother's burger steak is delicious, right?!

———Rather than that, Mom. Aside from the burger steaks you make, your cooking
isn't very good.

———Uggghhh... Uuuuu... I'm not really that good at cooking after all.

———Speaking of which, Dad said the other day that “Other than her cooking, Mom
would have been the ideal woman...”.

———Wait right there, dear?! Tsk, he ran away?! Hey, stop right there!!!

Mom was a terrible cook, wasn't she...She was so careless that she would even
carelessly burn herself, and she would even hold the knife improperly, so I
remembered being nervous as a child whenever she's in the kitchen. She couldn't
make elaborate dishes at all, and she would often make mistakes in the amount of
seasonings...

However, the food that she always served with a smile on her face while she
puffed out her small chest... were really warm...

I was feeling a little pensive as I remembered the past... and before I knew it,
there was a Spirit in front of me, staring at my lunchbox with interest.

[...Do you want to eat?]

[.......!]

When I asked her, thinking that she wanted to eat some of my bento when I looked
at her, the Spirit... no, the Spirits vigorously nodded their heads. H-Hmmm.
What should I do? Even if each one of them could only eat a small piece, when
there are so many of them, I don't know if I will be able to distribute it to
everyone. However, if I just give them to some of the children, the other
children would be quite pitiful... Hmmm.

[...Ah, that's right. If it's cookies, I have lots of them, but I wonder if you
would like these?]

[!!!]

Taking out a large quantity of jam cookies from my magic box and showing them to
the Spirits, they looked at them with interest before all of them looked towards
me expectantly.

[All right, let's eat together. Everyone would get some, so properly get in
line.]

[!]

It seems that jam cookies are good too, as the Spirits follow my words and line
up neatly in a row. For me, they were bite-size cookies, but for the Spirits,
these jam cookies are as big as their faces, and it seems like it would be hard
for one of them to eat one, so I break it in half and give it to them one by
one.

As expected, it took me a while to finish handing out the cookies when there are
more than a hundred of them, but I finally finished giving them to everyone, and
the Spirits happily munch on the cookies little by little as I eat my bento,
swinging their faces in the air. It was difficult to read their expressions
since their bodies were translucent, but the way they moved made it clear that
they were pleased. I've heard from people before how little things are cute, and
it seems that it is as they say, as the Spirits eating jam cookies are very cute
and watching them eat is quite a comforting sight.

Thanks to the Spirits, my mood is lifted, and I'm able to eat my lunch with many
of them.

The light shining through the trees illuminated our surroundings in a magical
way, and I felt as if I had wandered into a fairy tale.

After lunch, just as I was about to resume the harvest, the Spirits suddenly
looked unusual.

They began to fly around in a restless manner. At first, I was worried that the
jam cookies I gave them earlier had caused something wrong with their bodies,
but my Sympathy Magic conveyed not pain, but a mixture of joy and surprise
instead.

[What's the matter with all of you?]

[?!?!]

[Eh? You want me to follow you?]

[!!!]

[A-Alright.]

I didn't understand the situation, but the Spirits seemed to be trying to lead
me somewhere by pulling my hand and beckoning me to follow them, and even though
I was confused by their sudden change, I compliantly followed them. Unlike the
time when they led me to the places where there were a lot of berries, they seem
to be in some kind of hurry... Yes, if I had to describe it, it was like they're
feeling as if “they won't make it in time” to something.

Following the Spirits... They seem to be advancing deeper into the forest, and
the wide, easy-to-walk path we were just traversing before had become more and
more like a rough animal trail. However, the path I'm walking on isn't so much
that I can't advance because the Spirits are clearing the weeds ahead of me.
However, I feel like I'm being led to an unexplored region, and I'm a little
anxious about where they're going to take me. Well, if there are this many
Spirits, it's probably safe to a certain extent but.... Seriously, where in the
world are we going?

It's probably about 10 minutes or so, and as I follow the Spirits through the
animal trail, the scene in my eyes drastically changed. No, the fact that it's a
forest hasn't changed but... I can see a tremendous number of Spirits ahead of
me. It's a ridiculous number compared to the number that was following me just a
few minutes ago, as there are clearly more than a thousand Spirits gathered
here. While tilting my head at this unusual scene, I stepped my foot even
further... and there, I found a single tree.

“...It seems that it hasn't affected you all too much. That's a relief.”

I can hear a voice resounding somewhere... but I can't see anyone at all. I
mean, if my ears aren't out of whack yet... I think I just heard the tree in
front of me sound like it was talking?

“Oya?”

As if to answer my question, I heard the voice of that tree again... and it
seemed like the trunk of the tree was rotating before——Eh?

[Wha?!]

![Insert 4](../../_Images/v03/Insert4.jpg#.insert)

The tree moved as if it were looking back, and my voice involuntarily leaked out
at the sight that met my eyes. In the tree's trunk... just around the center,
there was a woman wearing an outfit that was reminiscent of a certain tribe
somewhere “buried”... N-No, that's wrong. Rather than being buried... It appears
as if her hands and lower body are fused with the tree.

By the way, the reason why I thought the entity fused with a tree is a woman is
because of those bountiful parts bulging that they can be clearly seen even on
top of her loose, ethnic dress-style clothing. Well, I wonder to myself why I'm
thinking like this in this kind of situation, but if you're a man, you'll have
to forgive me for not being able to turn away my eyes from those atrocious
bulges.

I don't know which ethnicity those clothes she wore were from, but it's a sexy
outfit that's too stimulating for a virgin.

Anyway, that woman was, how should I say this... an existence with an incredibly
mysterious atmosphere. Her eyes were a beautiful emerald green like jewels, and
her long vibrant green hair glitter with the sunlight... Eh? No, looking at them
closely, those aren't hairs. They're leaves?! Those small leaves are strung
together in layers to form a long hair-like shape. A body united with a tree,
and hair of leaves. If I were to base her with the RPG I used to play, she looks
like those “Dryad” monsters.

...Well, she at least doesn't seem to be a human.

“..........”

The woman quietly stared at me with her jewel-like eyes. The woman's face is
quite high up in the air, and perhaps because she's fused to the tree, it kinda
looks like she's looking down upon me, which makes me uncomfortable. Who could
this woman be? If she's in the Spirits' Forest, does that mean she's a Spirit?
No, but something is clearly different about her from the Spirits I've seen so
far, yes, something status. If I had to put it into words, would it be a sense
of presence? The tremendous atmosphere, as if a tree so large it pierces the
heavens exists in front of me, leaves me speechless.

The woman continued to stare at me for a while, before calmly speaking to me.

“...Are you, by any chance, Miyama Kaito-san?”

[Eh?]

How should I say this... There's something strange in her voice, and the woman's
mouth didn't even move and it sounded as if the sound was coming from her whole
body, not from her mouth. However, what was even more shocking was the fact that
she said my name when we were supposed to have never met before... Who was she
really?

[...Errr, I'm certainly Miyama Kaito but... who are you?]

“Forgive my discourtesy. It was quite impolite of me to ask your name without
introducing myself.”

Hearing the question that spilled out of my mouth, the woman lightly bows her
head once, before she gently smiles.

“My name is Lillywood... “Lillywood Yggdrasil”. In the Demon Realm, I'm the one
known as the _World King_.”

[...Huh?]

As I heard the words that were calmly announced to me, I felt my thoughts
completely stop this time.

In the depths of the Spirits' Forest, I encountered one of the Six Kings, the
pinnacle of the Demon Realm... the World King, Lillywood Yggdrasil.

The person who has become one with the tree continues to speak calmly to the
astonished me.

“I'm sorry to have surprised you. But in a way, it was fortunate that I met you
here. I've been wanting to meet you once.”

[Me?]

“Yes, I heard about you from Isis and Kuromueina, and I thought I'd give you a
visit after the Sacred Tree Festival.”

[Kuro and Isis-san huh... Errr, Lillywood-sama...]

“You don't need to add an honorific title. You can just call me by my name, like
you call Isis and Kuromueina.”

Regarding Lillywood-sama... No, Lillywood-san, I had heard from Lilia-san and
the other that she was one of the gentlest of the Six Kings, and it seems that
what I heard were true, as Lillywood-san's voice is gentle, and she speaks to
me, a mere human being, in a very polite manner.

[Errr, well then, please let me call you Lillywood-san. You already know my
name, but once again...My name is Miyama Kaito. It's nice to meet you.]

“Thank you for your courtesy. It's nice to meet you too. It's a great pleasure
to meet you here.”

[Ummm, why was Lillywood-san planning to visit me?]

I bow once to Lillywood-san, who politely returned my greeting. And then, I
asked what she meant when she said ” she was going to visit me after the Sacred
Tree Festival”. I don't need to doubt her now, but Lillywood-san is an existence
with extremely high status... She's one of the pinnacle of the Demon Realm, and
has a presence that won't undermine that title.

That's why I wondered. It was just a coincidence that I met Kuro and Isis-san,
and even though my encounter with Lillywood-san here was unexpected, she seemed
to know me already and wanted to meet me, but I didn't know the reason why.
Hearing my words, Lillywood-san gently smiles and replies.

“There were two reasons why I wanted to meet you... One was simply because I
became interested in you. And the second reason was... I wanted to meet you once
and express my 'gratitude.'”

[Gratitude, is it? For what exactly...]

“All of the Six Kings are close with each other... But of all of them, I have
the most opportunities to talk to Isis, and I can say that Isis is a long-time
friend of mine.”

Indeed, if I remember correctly, whe Isis-san came to visit, she mentioned how
“Lillywood told her about it”, and the two of them may be like close friends.
Just as Lillywood-san was speaking, her eyes slightly narrowed in sadness before
she continued speaking.

“I thought I understood the suffering she was going through... but I couldn't do
anything about it. Because I'm a being with power comparable to Isis, I was
unable to fulfill her wish to “come in contact with the powerless as well, and
to meet someone who would accept her even if such beings don't have power”.”

[..............]

“I was busy with my own affairs, and seeing Isis growing sad and lonely, I
always felt frustrated. But then, you appeared at her doorstep.”

[Me?]

She seemed to care very much about Isis and Lillywood-san seemed to be feeling
charigned at her inability to make Isis-san's pain go away.

“Yes, ever since she met you, Isis has been smiling really happily and every
time she visits you, she happily talks about you. Seeing her like that makes me
happy. I can't help but be really happy that she's able to laugh from the bottom
of her heart.”

[I don't think I really did that much though...]

“No, since Isis met you, the cold, hard ice that had bound her for so many years
disappeared. For that, I owe you a debt of gratitude that is too great to convey
in words. Kaito-san, thank you so much.”

[Ah, no, that's...]

“I'd really like to thank you. If there's anything I can do to help, please let
me know.”

Looking at Lillywood-san as she deeply bowed her head to me and expressed her
gratitude, I just scratched my head, a little confused. Now then, what do I do?
If she said that she wanted to thank me out of the blue...

It isn't that I want something in return for being in contact with Isis-san. I
like being with Isis-san because she's a nice person who is kind and fun to be
with, and I'm not thinking of anything by doing so. So it would be right to say
no here but... there was one thing that inevitably stuck in my mind.

[...Lillywood-san. Regarding Isis-san... I talked to her because she's an
important friend to me and I enjoy being with her. So I honestly don't want to
get rewarded for something like that...]

“..........”

[So please consider this as a request that has nothing to do with that. If you
don't want to do so, you can decline, as I'm very aware that this can be a rude
request. However, if it's possible... can I have one of the “Fruit of the World
Tree”?]

Yes, the one thing that stuck in my mind was Sieg-san. She said she didn't want
to heal the wound and that it didn't matter to her if she couldn't speak, but
maybe one day, he would change her mind. There might come a time when she needs
her voice. So, if there's a way to get her voice back when that time comes, I
wanted to give it to Sieg-san, who has always been a great help to me. So, after
saying that I'm not requesting this as compensation for befriending Isis-san
first, I asked this while deeply bowing to Lillywood-san.

After hearing my words, Lillywood-san was silent for a few moments before she
calmly replied.

“Of course I don't mind. I'll give you as much as you want.”

[Eh? I-Is that alright? Isn't that something incredibly valuable?]

“No, it's isn't really that valuable. In the first place, I'm restricting its
distribution because I'm concerned that the fact that it can heal any wounds
will never result in anything good.”

In response to my unreasonable request, Lillywood-san readily agrees without
seeming particularly bothered. It seems that the Fruit of the World Tree, which
is extremely rare and expensive for the world, isn't so rare for Lillywood-san.

“If this fruit that can heal any wounds could be easily obtained, those who
specialize in Recovery Magic and medical treatment would lose their jobs. And
not only that, it also deprives many people of the feeling of danger. The Fruit
of the World Tree can heal wounds, but it can't reverse death... If people start
thinking that it's okay to get hurt because their wounds will be healed, it will
cause lots of chaos in the world. Therefore, I have placed restrictions on the
circulation of the Fruit of the World Tree in the world.”

What Lillywood-san said is plausible.

If all wounds being able to heal becomes normal, more people will lose their
sense of urgency, and depending on how they use it, they can abuse it as much as
they want. That's why Lillywood-san seems to be restricting the distribution of
the Fruits of the World Tree.

As I nod in response to Lillywood-san's words, a branch grows out of the tree
that Lillywood-san is united with. That branch reaches in front of me and
produces a fruit that looks like transparent crystal.

“Here you go, this is the Fruit of the World Tree.”

[Thank you very much.]

Receiving the fruit, which I could even feel divinity from it, I thanked
Lillywood-san for it before putting it away in my magic box. Thereupon,
Lillywood-san smiles with a somewhat troubled expression on her face.

“However, I don't think this is enough to return my gratitude though.”

[Eh? No, I felt like I was being selfish when I asked you this so...]

“...I can see it in your eyes. You didn't want it for yourself. It's for someone
else, right? Then, it's still not enough to return my gratitude.”

[No, errr...]

“So, here's what I'll do. Whenever you need my help in the future, please call
me. I promise to be there for you.”

Saying that, Lillywood-san's eyes turned serious.

What's with this? It's hard for me to imagine a situation in which I have to ask
one of the Six Kings, Lillywood-san, for help, but Lillywood-san's eyes seemed
to be focused on something.

I don't know if it's because I was having such thoughts or not, but
Lillywood-san calmly spoke with her eyes, looking at me filled with seriousness.

“...Please be careful of the Phantasmal King, No Face.”

[Eh?]

“No Face is probably already looking at you as a unique entity. And now, that
person is most probably assessing your worth. Whether or not you're a danger to
this world...”

[...........]

“And if that person judges you as a danger, No Face will mercilessly deal with
you. So, if you notice anything out of the ordinary in the surroundings, please
give me a call. For Isis's sake, I can't afford to lose you.”

To these words quietly spoken, I can't make any reply to them.

The Phantasmal King, No Face, one of the Six Kings that's still shrouded in
mystery. As I recall, I remembered Chronois-san also saying that she doesn't
really know what the Phantasmal King is thinking.

Now, hearing that the Phantasmal King was measuring my value, I felt an
inexplicable chill. Of course, I feel confused and anxious... but more than
that, it feels really eerie.

It's as if I'm being one-sidedly stared at by something unknown beneath the
darkness... As if to shake off these fuzzy feelings within my mind, I shook my
head a few times.

---

Even within the vast Demon Realm, there's a large city that stands out from the
rest.

In the center of the city, in the huge colosseum, the reigning existence tilted
his head at his visitor.

[Ahh? Miyama Kaito? Who's that?]

[He's an otherworlder who is in close contact with Underworld King-sama and
Death King-sama, and it seems that World King-sama is also interested in him.]

[An otherworlder? Hoohhh... Kuromueina and Isis, and even Lillywood huh...? Is
that guy “strong”?]

[I don't know, I'm afraid we only received that much information.]

The messenger replied to the king who spoke in a rough language with a slightly
nervous look on his face.

[...To give us such information, what the heck is that bastard planning now?
Tche, I wouldn't know about it even if I asked you that huh...]

[...Yes. I'm sorry, I couldn't assist you. War King “Megiddo Argetes
Borgnes”-sama.]

[Haahhh, so never thought about it before talking about it to me huh... Want me
to crush you to pieces?!]

[...........]

The messenger can't help but step back.

After looking at the scene with a bored expression on his face, Megiddo tells
him with a smile on his mouth.

[But well... This sounds interesting. I'm going “to invite” that otherworlder to
come here! If he's strong, so be it! If he's weak, I wouldn't be interested in
as much as a piece of his hair, and I will crush him right there and then.]

[...........]

[Tell this to that bastard too. I don't mind you bastards sneaking around, but
if you interfere in my way... I wouldn't be lenient anymore.]

[Understood.]

Receiving Megiddo's words, the Phantasmal King's emissary bows their head
deeply. As if he doesn't want to speak further, Megiddo removes his gaze from
the messenger and looks towards the colosseum. There were a huge number of
Demons there. You can find more than 100 high-ranking demons, including
Peerage-holding, high-ranking Demons, all lying on the ground with wounds all
over their bodies.

[Oraaahhh! How long do you all plan lying there!!?! Just because we've had a
mere 1000 years of peace but for all of you to be wearing cowardice, how
pathetic!]

[M-My... apologies.]

[Hoy, get your lazy asses up! Let's get another round! Ya bastards, show me some
guts to even give me a scratch!!!]

Even with more than 100 High-ranking Demons against him, this can't be anything
more than a way to pass time for the War King. The most belligerent king in the
Demon Realm who loves fighting more than anyone and spends his days in battle...
The War King, Megiddo Argetes Borgnes. His tremendous howl still roared through
the land around the Colosseum today.

---

In the mountain range of the Demon Realm, where the dragons lived, their king,
the Dragon King, was quietly listening to the messenger's words.

[This is the information I have received from my lord, Phantasmal King-sama.]

“I understand. We'll also make our moves. Tell that to that fellow.”

Although his tone is calm, his voice is so loud that it resounded to the sky.
It's no wonder since the Dragon King Magnawell Baskus Lardo Kurtzvald is the
creature with the largest physique in the Demon Realm... No, in the whole world.
His body is so huge that it no longer feels more accurate to describe it as
height, but as “elevation”. If he were to be expressed in the unit of
measurement of the other world, Earth, it would be more than five thousands
meters. He was a huge dragon, so huge that he really looks like he pierced the
heavens.

Seeing off the Phantasmal King's messenger as they left, Magnawell turned
towards the High Ancient Dragons hovering around his body and muttered.

“...Inscrutable. What is that fellow scheming now?”

[What are we going to do, Magnawell-sama?]

Hearing Magnawell's words, one of the dragons quietly asked.

“For the time being, let's just wait and see... I feel like that fellow is
trying to skillfully lead our thoughts.”

[Phantasmal King-sama did?]

“Umu, the information that fellow's emissary provided certainly was intriguing.
In fact, I too, was somewhat intrigued by this otherworlder. However, I think
that's exactly what that fellow's after.”

[Does that mean that he was trying to use you, Magnawell-sama?]

Hearing the words Magnawell indifferently said, the dragon lets out a displeased
sound. It was a voice laced with anger at No Face for trying to use his master,
but Magnawell didn't seem to mind that much as he continued to speak.

“There are too many unclear details in the information. I think it's reasonable
to assume that that fellow is hiding it on purpose... In that case though, what
is that fellow's aim? Perhaps, it was to make us meet the otherworlder...”

[What good would that do for Phantasmal King-sama?]

“That fellow isn't acting for their own benefit. However, that fellow does tend
to focus on efficiency... In that case, does that mean that fellow wants me to
deal with this otherworlder? No, that fellow would have just moved on his own if
that were the case... Hmmm, I really don't know.”

Continuing to work in the shadows, No Face seems to be pulling the strings
behind the scenes. Magnawell tried to figure out what they were planning to do,
but no clear answer came to his mind.

“...Anyway, we'll just wait and see for a while. No Face has probably sent a
messenger to Megiddo as well. Then, we just wait for him to make his move before
we make our own.”

[I think if it's War King-sama, he would immediately try to make contact with
him.]

“I suppose. He's not stupid, but I don't he's smart enough to think of a plan.
He'll probably make a move sooner rather than later, so I'll just wait for him.
However, just wasting time waiting won't accomplish anything... To all my
subordinates. Gather information about the otherworlder, Miyama Kaito.”

[Hahh! At once!]

“...Now then, I don't know what you're up to, but you're mistaken if you think
that everything is going to turn out the way you think it would.”

After giving instruction to the dragons, the gigantic Dragon King quietly stares
at the sky. Feeling that large waves are about to appear around the world, with
one otherworlder being in the middle of it...

---

In a dimly lit room, two demons were on one knee, giving their reports.

[...These are the replies of War King-sama and Dragon King-sama.]

[...Good work, continue monitoring Miyama Kaito.]

[Yes. Are we still not going to take any action and only observe him?]

[Yeah, I still haven't finished measuring his worth. I still can't decide
whether or not it would be better for the world to leave him be.]

After sitting on their throne and listening to the reports of their subordinates
that they sent to the other members of the Six Kings, No Face quietly muttered.

[...If he's beneficial to the world, I don't mind leaving him be, but if he were
to bring chaos to this peaceful world... I'll just erase him.]

[However, from the information we have, this otherworlder possesses a magic tool
that can instantly heal all his wounds, and it may be difficult to kill him.]

[Foolish... There are many ways to “kill the mind” without the body dying.]

With a cold voice that doesn't have an ounce of compassion, No Face told them
that they will kill Kaito if necessary. The magic crystal given by Shallow
Vernal keeps his body from dying... But to No Face, it was not much of a
problem. Because No Face was the King named after phantasms, and killing
people's minds is their specialty.

[And be sure to tell whoever else's following him to not do as they please and
stay put... The final decision is mine to make.]

[ [ Hahh! Everything as Phantasmal King No Face-sama wills it! ] ]

[...That's a plan Uncle here couldn't just agree.]

[ [ [ ?! ] ] ]

At the moment when No Face's subordinates deeply bowed their heads, a low murmur
could be heard. When No Face and the others turned towards the voice, they saw a
speck of fire lit beneath the darkness and Ozma appeared, a cigarette held in
his mouth.

[Is that “Peaceful Sky Ozma”...?!]

[W-Why are you here...]

[.............]

The two subordinates were astonished when they saw Ozma's sudden appearance and
spoke, but No Face didn't say a word, only slightly turning their face hidden
beneath their robe towards the intruder. Taking a puff of his cigarette and
exhaling a mouthful of smoke, Ozma turned his gaze to No Face and spoke.

[...I had been following those two since Rigforeshia. You see, Uncle doesn't
have much presence after all. Tailing people and stuff like that is kinda my
specialty.]

[............]

[What are you planning, Peaceful Sky Ozma, showing yourself before No
Face-sama?]

Standing in for No Face who isn't saying anything, one of their subordinates
asks Ozma a question. Thereupon, Ozma was silent for a while, and after he took
a portable ashtray out of nowhere and extinguished his cigarette, he responded.

[...That boy is still “a child”. He's just a young child who only lived for 20
or so years... What in the world are you trying to do to such a child?]

[..........]

[You don't even feel like responding? Well, Uncle here doesn't know what
Phantasmal King-sama is thinking, nor do I know what you're planning to do...
I'm not that interested in them either. But you see...]

When Ozma stopped speaking, magic power began releasing from his body. Heavy and
extremely intimidating aura... He hasn't raised a battle stance, but the heavy
pressure emanating from him clearly contains hostility.

[...Those who make children grief and suffer... Those who manipulate them and
break them apart. Uncle here... hates those kinds of things.]

[............]

[I don't know what Phantasmal King-sama is thinking, and why you're trying to
test that boy... but if he ends up shedding tears... know that this Uncle will
become Phantasmal King-sama's enemy.]

The subordinates who received No Face's words deeply bowed before disappearing
from the area, and in the quiet room, No Face muttered as they stared to the
void.

[With this, Megiddo will move. Magnawell will wait for Megiddo to make his move,
but he will probably have his subordinates gather information... and with this,
I can manipulate the information he gets... There wouldn't be any problems.]

His tone is gentle, but the emotion he expresses is strong. Ozma told No Face
that he wouldn't forgive them if their scheme resulted to Kaito griefing.
However, even when they heard such hostile words, Phantasmal King still didn't
say a word. After a few moments of silence, Ozma lets out a sigh, retracts his
hostility, and lightly scratching his head, he begins walking away.

[...Sorry for interrupting you. However, I hope you'll keep Uncle's words in
mind.]

[............]

Looking at Ozma's back as he said those words, No Face silently saw him off.
Then, after Ozma was completely out of sight, they spoke to their two
subordinates.

[...Return to your duties.]

[ [ [ Hahh! ] ] ]

The two subordinates deeply bowed before disappearing. Alone in the dimly lit
room, No Face took off the hood that had been covering their face, and blankly
staring into the sky, they muttered to themself.

[...The appearance of Peaceful Sky Ozma here was unexpected, but it doesn't
bring any major errors in my plan. Megiddo will definitely make his move.
Magnawell will wait for Megiddo to make his move, but he'll probably have his
subordinates gather information for him... I could just manipulate all the
information being conveyed towards him... It's all going according to plan.]

A faint light shining in the dimly lit room illuminated No Face's uncovered
face. Long dark blue hair covering their right eye, and peculiar deep shadows in
the corner of her gray-colored pupil. Today, hidden beneath the dim darkness,
the Phantasmal King No Face continues to make their secret maneuvering. As if
staring at the world from the darkness...

[...Now then, let's see if you're up to the challenge, Miyama Kaito. Let's see
if you're qualified to challenge the “mysteries hidden by Kuromueina” or not...
Yes, everything for “her sake”...]

---

After receiving various warnings from Lillywood-san about the Phantasmal King,
we engaged in idle chatter for a while. Our conversation is mainly about
Isis-san and Kuro, and just as I heard, Lillywood-san is a gentle and kind
person, and as she gently spoke to me, our conversation naturally grew lively.

“Fufu, Kaito-san, you're quite a pleasant person to be around huh. I can
understand why the Spirits like you so much. It's really magnificent, being able
to win the trust of so many Spirits.”

[Ah, no... I think the reason the Spirits like me are probably because of
Shiro-sa... the Creator God's blessing to me. A fairy I know told me how she
felt comfortable with my magic power. So it's not really because of my power...]

“No, that's where you're mistaken.”

[Eh?]

As Raz-san told me, the world loves me because of Shiro-san's blessing, and it
seems that my magic power is very comfortable for the fairies and Spirits who
were born from nature. That's also why I've been able to get so many Spirits to
help me, but when I told her that it's only because of Shiro-san's power and
isn't something I can haughtily boast about, Lillywood-san quietly, but clearly
shook her head.

“It certainly may be largely due to Shallow Vernal-sama's blessing. However,
it's by no means the only reason. Shallow Vernal's blessing is the kind of
blessing that would make those born from nature have a good first impression of
you when you're dealing with them... Having just her blessing wouldn't be enough
for these Spirits to be emotionally attached to you.”

[Is that so?]

“Yes, the atmosphere around you and your personality... they were so clear and
beautiful, and that's why so many Spirits continue to follow you.”

[I-I see...]

It's thanks to Shiro-san's blessing that others would have a favorable first
impression of me, but she's telling me that making the Spirits attached to me is
my own achievement. How should I say this... I'm feeling a bit embarrassed being
straightforwardly praised. Besides, for whatever it may be, having a good first
impression is advantageous, so as expected, Shiro-san's blessings greatly
influence it, but since it's a compliment, I'll obediently accept it.

“If it's Kaito-san, you would most probably get splendid results in this harvest
competition... Ahh.”

[Is something the matter?]

“I'm sorry, it's just that... I just noticed we've been talking for a long time.
I wonder if you still have enough time?”

[Ahh, errr... If I get back now, I think I should be able to make it.]

Hearing Lillywood-san say that with a slightly flustered look on her face, I
also remembered that I had completely forgotten about the harvest festival. When
I looked at my watch, it was already 2:00 in the afternoon, and I had to return
to Rigforeshia soon or I wouldn't be able to make it in time.

“I see...then, I'll go with you.”

[Eh? E-Ehhhhhh?!]

As she murmured so, an unusual phenomenon appeared on Lillywood-san's body, or
rather, the tree she's attached to. The tree she's attached to swayed like
waves, and her hands and lower body, which had been buried in the tree, came
out. The tree then changes into a single large staff and Lillywood-san, holding
it in her right hand, slowly stands up with both of her feet on the ground.

What a surprise... She can have a fully humanoid form...

Lillywood-san, who has taken on the same form as a human, turns to me and
smiles.

“Well then, let's go.”

[Ah, yes.]

Walking alongside Lillywood-san, we walked towards Rigforeshia. Lillywood-san
moves her gaze as she walks, and as she does so, all the branches grow out of
the surrounding trees at once, and a vast number of fruits are produced there.

“Let's put them directly into your harvest bag.”

[Eh?]

“I can't let your score drop because you were talking to me. I'll get the trees
on the road to Rigforeshia to help me gather as much fruit as possible.”

[Ehhhhhh?!]

Following what Lillywood-san said, I took out my harvest bag... and with
tremendous force, fruits were thrown into the bag with speed almost as fast as a
machine gun. It's as if the trees around me are playing the ball-toss game with
the bag I'm holding as their goal, and just by walking around with my bag,
fruits are harvested one by one.

And not only that, it seems that more than a thousand Spirits are cooperating
with the trees, bringing their own fruits one after another. I wonder what's
happening... This is... kinda, errr, doesn't this look like it had turned into
something outrageous? The number of fruits I have now...

I mean, look at the tremendous momentum they have. It looks like the amount of
fruit I've collected just now has already exceeded the amount I've spent hours
collecting...

---

In the plaza at the entrance of the city of Rigforeshia, the tallying of the
harvest festival, which was coming to an end soon, was about to take place. Aoi
and Hina had also returned a step ahead of the others, joining Lilia and the
others who had returned after handing over the guard duty to the regular guard
force, and the tally of their scores had been successfully completed.

[Aoi-chan and Hina-chan are both amazing! To get over 60 on your first day,
that's a pretty impressive score.]

[Thank you.]

[Ehehe, I had lots of fun harvesting.]

Aoi collected 62 fruits while Hina collected 61 fruits, which is quite a good
number of fruits in the harvest festival where the average is around 50, and
Sylphia generously gave them her congratulations. Rejnhardt, Lilia and the
others also moved their gazes to the center of the square while praising the two
of them for their good work.

Currently, the tallying of the previous year's winner, the Spirit Mage, is
taking place, and the gazes of the people gathered around them are also focused.
After the results were announced a few moments later, they all cheered at the
same time.

[2-210 points...]

[That's amazing, she broke the all-time record by 24 huh...]

Along with the astonished Slyphia, Rejnhardt also let out the same impression.

Words of praises from the people around her were being thrown, for her feat that
will definitely go down in history as she had harvested over 200 pieces.

But, however, all of those only turned into an opening performance.

The excitement of the highest score of all time being achieved hadn't
diminished, when suddenly, a shout resounded.

[W-What the heck was that?!]

[S-Spirits? W-What's with those numbers... Could that be a herald to an incoming
disaster...]

Hearing those voices, Lilia and the others also moved their gazes and saw over a
thousand Spirits approaching the city of Rigforeshia from a distance. Sylphia's
mouth opened wide at the sight, while Lilia was holding her head as if she had
already guessed who was pulling all those Spirits along. However, their shock
didn't end there.

[I-I-It's World King-sama?!]

[World King-sama?! She came for the Sacred Tree Festival?!]

[I-It looks like she's walking with a human!]

Lillywood became visible to them, causing a great buzz around the area, and they
gave strange looks at Kaito who was walking alongside her. As they looked at
such a scene, Lilia whose face had went beyond pale and already turned pure
white, called to Lunamaria next to her.

[...Luna, that's Kaito-san, right?]

[Y-Yes, you're not mistaken.]

[...Why is he coming back with World King-sama?]

[I-I don't know...]

The words “ashen-pale face” perfectly applied to Lilia, who looks like she's
about to faint, while Lunamaria looked stiff when she replied to her. Out of the
corner of Lilia's eye, the man who is the facilitator of the tournament
approaches Lillywood with a panicked look and kneels down on one knee.

[W-World King-sama! W-Why have you come....]

“Why? I'm also a Spirit, and I don't think there would be any problems
cooperating with him as a participant under the rules, right?”

[Y-Yes?! Yes, that's of course...]

Hearing Lillywood's words, the man repeatedly nodded, looking so horrified that
he looked pitiful. While the people around him froze at the sight, Lilia spoke
again.

[...Luna, what do you think?]

[Even if you ask me that...]

[...It's that, all over again, right? He somehow got along with someone
outrageous, is what happened again, right?]

[Y-Yes...]

[...Right? So, after this ruckus, Kaito-san will be walking towards me with
World King-sama, wouldn't he?]

[T-That's probably what happened...]

As Lilia muttered so without any expression on her face as if she's wearing a
mask, Lunamaria also had cold sweat dripping from behind her neck when she
replied, as Lilia slowly held her head in her hands.

[...Why is Kaito-san... I just took my eyes away from him for a few hours...]

[M-Milady. Please keep yourself composed.]

[...N-No...]

[No?]

[No mooooore!!! Kaito-san, you idioooootttttt!!!]

In the city of Rigforeshia, the sorrowful cries of troubled people resounded.

---

When I returned to the city of Rigforeshia, well, I had already expected this to
some extent but... A tremendous commotion occurred. That's no wonder since
Lillywood-san, one of the Six Kings, is currently next to me, which must be a
shocking situation for the elves who worship Lillywood-san like a god. Looking
quite nervous, the man who is facilitating the event approaches.

[W-Well then, the bag of fruits you collected.....]

[Ah, yes.]

As I handed the bag to the man, right after that... I think I heard Lilia-sa
shout something, but to be honest, that sounds scary... So, I'll just pretend I
didn't hear it. As I was thinking about that, Lillywood-san was talking to the
man who was facilitating the game.

“Fumu, the all-time record was 210 but... I guess I didn't even have to help you
with collecting fruits.”

[ [ [ ?! ] ] ]

[W-World King-sama, what does that...]

“This person, Kaito, had already collected nearly 400 pieces before he met me.”

[W-What the...]

The man takes the bag from me in astonishment, while the other facilitators look
at me as if I were a monster. The highest score was 210? Arehh? That's funny...
I think you're missing one zero there. I mean, if that's really the highest
score they can get, I might not want to think about it for a moment...

Feeling uncomfortable from the gazes around me, I moved my gaze to watch the
tallying, but just when one of the facilitators took the fruits out of the
bag...

[...We would need more baskets...]

Apparently, one basket wasn't enough, and the facilitator, with a stiff
expression on his face, continued to transfer the fruits into the baskets... and
eventually, when the number of baskets reached 15, it seems that the contents of
the bags was finally emptied. The man looks at the baskets piled up like a
mountain of fruits, and after staring at them for a few moments... he doesn't
even count them, but just moved his gaze and lets out a loud voice.

[Winner, Miyama Kaito!!!]

[Huh?]

Instantly, a crackling cheer erupted from those around me. The winner? Me? Ah,
no, you haven't even counted them yet... Around 210 was just the average amount,
is what I was thinking but... Arehh? Isn't this bad?

[Amazing, that guy's amazing!]

[What's with that number, 1000... No, Isn't that about 2000?]

[And look at that number of Spirits! The other Spirit Mages won't even reach his
level!]

[Yeah... He must be the apostle of World King-sama... Thank God, for gracing us
with your presence.]

Yep, how should I say this... I may have harvested too much.

W-What should I do?! I mean, it has already caused a huge fuss around us, and
somehow... some people started worshiping me as Lillywood-san's apostle?! I need
to settle this down immediately... Ah, this is dangerous, I feel like a wave of
humans is about to surge towards me...

“Silence!”

[ [ [ [ ?! ] ] ] ]

The noise disappears all at once, as Lillywood-san shouts at the people who were
about to rush towards me with excitement. Lillywood then stands a few distance
in front of me and quietly looks around the people around us before speaking.

“First, we should do the awarding. If you wish to speak with Kaito-san, do so
after the festival. When doing so, please keep everything in moderation and
don't cause trouble... This is a strict order. Is that alright with everyone?”

Hearing her dignified voice resounding everywhere, many elves prostrate
themselves with their knees and hands on the ground.

“It's safe to say that Kaito-san is now the winner, and since the atmosphere is
already in place... Do you mind if I do the awarding? I would also know the
amount of fruits he had acquired.”

[O-O-Of course!]

“Well then, Kaito-san... come with me.”

After getting the facilitator's approval, Lillywood-san lightly taps the ground
with the wooden staff she held. Thereupon, a tree grows from a little distance
away and it wriggles and turns into a large altar-like shape. Then,
Lillywood-san moved to the center of that wooden altar and called out to me...
Eh? You want me to go over there? While all these people had their eyes on me?

Climbing up the wooden altar and standing in front of Lillywood-san, exposed to
a level of attention that's already on the level of being in a public execution.
I didn't know what to do, but since the other part is Lillywood-san, one of the
Six Kings, and since we're in public, I decided to get down one knee and took
the formal way of bowing to someone.

“Otherworlder, Miyama Kaito.”

[Y-Yes!]

“You have communicated with many Spirits at the harvest festival and won their
strong and deep trust. For this great work, I commend you.”

[T-Thank you very much.]

The awarding ceremony began in some sort of flow, and I very nervously responded
to Lillywood-san's words.

“You have collected a total number of “2,321” fruits.... This is a result unseen
even back in the past, and it proves that you are truly loved by the Spirits.”

[...........]

Most of that number was the fruits collected by Lillywood-san, so it's not
really collected through my efforts but... Unfortunately, this isn't the place
for me to say such a thing.

Lillywood-san then continues to praise me with her dignified voice, and the
people around us applaud and cheer.

“The original winner's prize is of course as stated by the rules... But your
achievement isn't something that can be evaluated on its own. Therefore, I would
like to give you some kind of reward from me as well. Tell me, what do you
desire?”

[Wha? Huh?]

What a surprise, it seems that Lillywood-san is offering to give me something
other than the winner's prize, and I completely freeze up when I hear those
words. To be honest, even if she says something like giving me a reward out of
the blue, I just find it... troubling. I've already received the Fruit of the
World Tree, and I can't think of anything else I would like to have right away,
but it might be rude to refuse her offer.

However, I don't want wealth or fame, and I can't think of anything in
particular that I would like to have. Isn't there anything that comes to mind? A
reply that will get me through this without a hitch... think, I have to think of
something...

Thinking in silence for a few moments, I then came up with an idea before
looking up towards Lillywood-san.

[W-Well then, this might be rude of me, but I'd like to ask you one thing.....]

“Yes, please speak.”

[Rigforeshia seems to be in quite a mess from the Black Bear invasion yesterday,
so I was hoping if you could do something to help them...]

“.........”

Yes, what I thought of was in regards with the city of Rigforeshia. Yesterday's
attack by the Black Bears destroyed the wall that had been protecting the city,
and the guards have become quite rattled. The fact that this city is currently
in considerable trouble can be clearly seen from Rei-san and the others'
conditions yesterday and today, and I thought it would be great if she could do
something to help them. This way, no one would feel envious that I'm the only
one who received something nice from Lillywood-san, the city would become safer,
and it will be beneficial to me if I ever get a chance to come visit in the
future.

Hearing my statement, Lillywood-san looks impressed before she kindly smiles at
me.

“I understand. I will do as you wish and cast Warding Magic on the city of
Rigforeshia myself. I will also send my people to guard later until the guard
force regroups.”

[Thank you very much.]

Once again, loud cheers erupted around me, and I heard voices praising me from
all over the place, which made me feel very embarrassed to say the least.

“Well then, once again, I would like to conclude the award ceremony by
presenting to you this medal, as a proof of your victory.”

With these words, Lillywood-san handed me a wooden medal with a beautiful flower
pattern on it, marking the end of the award ceremony. Lillywood-san then looked
at me with a kind expression on her face and spoke.

“You must be tired too. Please rest your body and relax until the main festival
in the evening.”

[Yes.]

“Everyone, please try not to bother Kaito-san until the main festival.”

Ah, I see...I didn't know why Lillywood-san suddenly said she would be the one
giving the awards, but what she just said made it make sense. Lillywood-san
understood that I was going to have lots of people asking me lots of questions
if she didn't do something, and even if I was the winner, I couldn't leave the
place without receiving the award. That's why she made it easy for me to leave
this place by presenting the award herself as soon as possible.

After thanking Lillywood-san for her thoughtfulness and that we would be talking
when we meet up again at the main festival... a banquet-like festival held in
the evening where everyone attends, I leave and head towards Lilia-san and the
others. As I was leaving, I heard people saying from behind me stuff like “How
humble! What a splendid human!” and “A noble man truly worthy of being called a
hero”, praises that were clearly not fit to my stature, so I just decided to not
listen to them. Or rather, this kind makes me worried for the evening's main
festival, you know?! It would be great... if it didn't turn into something
really outrageous...

Leaving the plaza as soon as possible, I found Lilia-san and the others and ran
over to them. Thereupon, Lilia-san greeted me with a very beautiful smile... A
smile that honestly sent a chill ran down my spine for some reason.

[Kaito-san, welcome back. That was a wonderful statement you made when you
thought about Rigforeshia.]

[T-Thank you very much.]

Arehh? She just normally praised me? Was that Shura that I thought I saw behind
her earlier just my imagination?

[I'm feeling really proud of you for that... But let's put that aside for
now...]

[...Eh?]

[We just have something very important to talk about. Yes, it's very important.
So, why don't we have a little chat in private...]

[Ah, no, ummm... I have some things to do so...]

[It's. Okay. Right?]

[...Yesshhh!]

Lilia-san has been smiling for the whole time she said that.

However, there's something powerful hidden behind that smile that was conveyed
even without her saying a word, as her hands, beautiful as whitebait, have veins
pulsing on them.

Ah shit, I'm going to die... I'm going to be killed?!

[Well then, let us _depart_.]

[W-Wait, Lilia-san?! A little slower... you're using too much strength! Wait, my
arm hurts?! It's breaking! It's breaking!!!]

[...Of course, I know that Kaito-san doesn't have any bad intentions. However,
how many times have you done this already? Kuromueina-sama, Creator God-sama,
Death King-sama, God of Fate-sama and now World King-sama... Even if you leave
Chronois-sama out of that, you've already done this five times.]

[...Yes.]

[I'm already at my wit's end, so aren't I allowed to scold Kaito-san at least
once?!]

[I-It's as you say.]

In front of Lilia-san who was standing in front of me with a sad expression on
her face... or rather, she's half-crying already, I was sitting in a seiza while
bowing my head. The content of our conversation was, of course, about
Lillywood-san, and since she's already the third one among the Six Kings, it
seems that Lilia-san's patience reached its limit. But even so, I'm not sure if
it's because she understands that I didn't intentionally do it, so she's not
unnecessarily yelling at me... but it's more like she's complaining at me.

[...Well, it's not that Kaito-san was hiding it this time, and fortunately, if
it's the World King-sama, she wasn't a troublesome one. So, let's end the
conversation here.]

[T-Thank you.]

It seems that this is the end of the sermon, or rather, the complaints, as
Lilia-san lets out a big sigh and her tense expression breaks down. Well, I'm
really feeling sorry for pushing Lilia-san to this point, and I know that the
people I got to know are so outrageous that the kind Lilia-san has an expression
that looks like a crisis is approaching. No, I'm really sorry... but... If I
could just complain about just one thing, just one thing... Lilia-san, I would
have been happy if you could have reached that conclusion “30 minutes earlier”.
My legs are already numb and I can't feel them anymore...

Finally free of Lilia-san's anger, I went back to meet up with everyone.
Everyone seems to have decided not to mention what happened with Lilia-san just
now, as they greeted me quite normally.

[Miyama-sama... Over here.]

[Lunamaria-san? What is this envelope?]

As soon as I came back, Lunamaria-san looked like she's somewhat in a good mood
as she held out an envelope to me, and when I received it, I tilted my head and
looked inside... And I found quite a bit of money in there.

[Well~~ I've earned quite an amount from Miyama-sama. I'm already in a state
where I can't stop smiling. And so, this is just an expression of what I'm
feeling.]

[H-Huh...]

Apparently, Lunamaria-san, who bet all of her last month's salary on me, won
big, and that was why she already had that angelic smile on her face. Seriously,
this useless maid... If the dirt on Ein-san's nail would be boiled and she were
to drink it, would she get even a bit better?

But well, after responding to Lunamaria-san and moving my gaze away from her...
I found Fia-san sitting on a chair with her hanging down.

[Ummm, what's wrong with Fia-san?]

[Miyama-kun... Please leave her alone for now. Right now, Fia is facing the
twilight phase of her life.]

[Huh?]

[...2000... To have acquired 2000... A monster...]

With an expression that somehow looks like she is burnt out, Fia-san muttered
that I'm a monster. Confused from the sorrow on her face, I tried calling out to
her to comfort her.

[...Ah, no, I only acquired that much thanks to Lillywood-san's power, and I
didn't acquire that much.]

[Then... How many did you collect before you met World King-sama?]

[...400-something.]

[...Please accept me as your disciple.]

[Why?!]

It seems that her mind is quite weak, and for some reason, Fia-san kneels into a
dogeza and starts saying incomprehensible things. Rei-san and I tried to console
Fia-san as she's in that state... And after a while, she finally looked up and
returned to her earlier posture.

Yep, I may have done it too much, in all sorts of ways.

I knew I should ask them properly beforehand about the scores of the previous
harvest festivals.

[Well, Kaito-san really just keeps surprising me in so many ways... As expected,
that would be the last one, right?]

[...Ah, no, that's...]

[...Do you still have...]

Taking a sip of the tea Lunamaria-san had brewed for me, when I heard
Lilia-san's words about how she's sincerely tired of the surprises, I thought of
what was in my magic box. That I now had a Fruit of the World Tree in my
possession... It's easy to imagine what the situation would be like if I were to
take it out here.

However, that doesn't mean that I'm going to hide it now... It's just that I'm
afraid of the consequences, mainly from Lilia-san...

I think about it for a moment and then, rather than put it off, I take the Fruit
of the World Tree out of the magic box and placed it on the table.

[What's this?]

[It's beautiful.]

Looking at the Fruit of the World Tree that looked like transparent crystal,
Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san tilted their heads in curiosity. However, not only
them, Lilia-san and Lunamaria-san also tilted their heads when they saw it. Ah,
come to think of it, Lilia-san also said she had never seen the real thing
before...

[Mi-Miyama-kun?! Don't tell me... This is?!]

Apparently, Rei-san seems to have guessed what this is and looks at me with an
expression of disbelief on his face, as if to say he can't believe he's seeing
it.

[Yes... This is the Fruit of the World Tree. I received it from Lillywood-san.]

[ [ [ [ [ [ [ ?! ] ] ] ] ] ] ]

At my words, everyone's faces were filled with astonishment. It's no wonder
since the Fruits of the World Tree rarely appears in public and they were even
surprised just to hear that it was going to be a prize at the hunting
competition, so it's only natural that they would have this reaction if the real
thing appeared in front of them. Everyone stared at the Fruit of the World Tree
for a while, and then... the expression on Lilia-san's face disappeared.

[.........]

[Ummm, Milady?]

Lilia-san then stood up with a blank expression on her face and walked to the
corner of the room... and sat down with her knees held in her embrace.

[Milady?!]

[...Why... Why... I couldn't even get my hands on it after years of searching...
So why the heck that after getting out for a few hours, as if you just went
outside to buy it, you quickly got your hands on it...]

[Milady, keep a hold on yourself!]

[U-Uuuuuu... Uwwaaaahhhh! Geez, Kaito-san, I hate yoooouuuuu!!!]

...She started crying.

It seems that it was quite a shock for her when I easily obtained the Fruit of
the World Tree, which she couldn't obtain even though she had been desperately
searching for it for years, and Lilia-san began crying like a child.

As emotions began bubbling up from within me seeing such a scene, I took the
Fruit of the World Tree in my hand and held it out to Sieg-san.

[Sieg-san, here...]

[?!]

[I heard from Sieg-san yesterday that you don't plan to heal that wound, but
maybe someday, you'll change your mind... and you can use it then.]

[...?!?!]

Looking at the Fruit of the World Tree I held out to her, Sieg-san vigorously
shook her head. I've already somewhat predicted this from happening, as Sieg-san
is probably refraining from receiving something that expensive. But as for me, I
want Sieg-san to receive this at all costs, so I decided to give it to her a
little too forcefully. Quickly grabbing Sieg-san's hand, I let her hold the
Fruit of the World Tree.

[Even if you won't use it, that's still fine with me. It's just that I wanted to
do something for Sieg-san who has always been a great help for me so...]

[?!?!]

Is she really that flustered? When I grabbed her hand, Sieg-san's face turned
red and a bewildered expression appeared on her face, but she could still tell
that I wouldn't give up, as after a little while, she accepted the Fruit of the
World Tree. Sieg-san holds the Fruit of the World Tree with both of her hands as
if it were important, and after a little while, she puts it away in her own
magic box before taking out a piece of paper and pen.

“Thank you very much. Kaito-san.”

[Ah, no, I didn't mean to be intrusive... but I think it's better if you have
more options.]

“Yes, I suppose. Right now, I still don't have an answer as to whether I'll use
it or not but... I'll take good care of it.”

[Yes. I think it's best for you to do what you want, SIeg-san.]

“You really are...”

Sieg-san put down her pen and paper just as she had written that much and
quickly reached out her arms to me and hugged me—Eh?

[Wait?! Sieg-san?!]

[...........]

Sieg-san, who is almost as tall as I am, hugs the surprised me for a few
moments, before she removes her arms and brings her mouth close to my ears.

——Thank you.

Maybe it was my imagination, but when I heard such a voice, I felt like
something soft touched my earlobe.

After a good amount of time, Lilia-san came back to life and after we moved to
Rei-san's house, we listened to them talk about the main festival that would
happen this evening.

[The main festival is, simply speaking, a big party. There's all the food and
beverages you can eat and drink, and everyone gives their thanks for a year of
good harvests. Well, with the presence of the World King-sama this year, it's
probably going to be even bigger than that.]

[I see, so we'll just relax and enjoy our food.]

[...No, Lilia-chan and others would probably be relaxing... but that wouldn't be
the case for you though?]

[Eh?]

The main festival is described as a big feast, but in the end, it seems to be
about having a meal while chatting with everyone, which is exactly just how busy
festivals occur but... For some reason, Rei-san was looking at me with a strange
look on his face.

[Miyama-kun is the winner of the harvest competition. In the main festival,
after the greetings are over to a certain extent, “you will spend the night in
the Spirits' Forest”.]

[.....That's the first time I heard that though...]

[Well, my bad. I didn't think any of you were going to win until what happened
yesterday...]

[...Spending the night in the Spirits' Forest, where will I sleep?]

[...There's a shrine over there.]

[A shrine?!]

It is said that the winner of the harvest festival is expected to spend the
night with the spirits in the forest every year. I heard that being allowed to
stay in the Spirits' Forest is a great honor for the spirits mages... To me
though, it's like being thrown out in the forest for the night after a quick
meal. Moreover, I would have to sleep at a shrine... No matter how I think about
it, it's not a facility for sleeping, and of course, there doesn't seem to be
any futon or anything like that, so if I'm not mistaken, it will probably be as
if I was sleeping outdoors.

[Ummm, that doesn't sound so safe...]

[It's alright. The Spirits will protect the winner of the harvest competition
while he or she stays, and this year, the World King-sama is present, so there
won't be any mishaps.]

[...Is that so...]

I wonder how this happened?

It's supposed to be a joyful thing to say that I won but... How did we end up in
this penalty game-like situation?

[Luna, please have a blanket ready for him.]

[I respectfully obey.]

[Miyama-san, please do your best.]

[Senpai, fighting!]

Apparently, it was already decided that I will be going camping.

After thanking everyone who was throwing words of comfort and support with a
stiff smile on my face, I let out a big sigh.

It's useless to think any further about camping... or rather, whenever I think
about it, I only think about how cold it looks or something bad may happen, so I
decide not to think about it.

As we were chatting for a while, the sound of the doorbell alerted us of a
visitor.

[Oya? Who could it be?]

Muttering this, Rei-san stood up and went to the front door and opened it. And
seeing the visitor who appeared, Rei-san slumped to the spot as if he lost the
strength on his legs.

“Excuse my intrusion.”

[W-W-W-World King-sama?!]

To our surprise, it's Lillywood-san, and of course, Rei-san and we're surprised.
Lillywood-san looked at the surprised Rei-san and us, and after smiling
slightly, she bowed her head.

“I apologize for my sudden visit.”

[N-N-N-No! You don't have to apologize! World King-sama is always welcome even
within our drabby home.]

“Once the main festival begins, I'll be busy with other stuff, so I thought I'd
say hello to the noble that was taking care of Kaito-san.”

[?!]

Hearing Lillywood-san calmly telling us that, Lilia-san jolted and her back
straightened.

Perhaps noticing her movement, Lillywood-san moves her gaze towards Lilia-san
before calling out to her.

“Oya? Aren't you... “Princess Lilianne”?”

[Yesh! Ah, no, I'm now calling myself by the name Lilia Albert.]

“Is that so... I have seen you several times at the royal palace, but this
should be the first time we spoke like this, right? As you may know, I'm
Lillywood Yggdrasil. Henceforth, I'm pleased to make your acquaintance.”

[Y-Y-Y-Yes. S-Same here!]

Lilia-san is already understandably tense after being spoken to by
Lillywood-san. It was the same with Kuro, but the reason why Lilia-san, a
Duchess, is so nervous is because the other party is one of the Six Kings, a
person you can rarely even meet. Yep, to be honest, I've met with three of them
in a little over a month, so I don't have the impression that I can rarely meet
them, but that's just my state of mind, and her reaction is the normal one
instead.

[...Lunamaria-san, when she mentioned LIlianne?]

[It was the name Milady used before she received her peerage. Lilianne Lia
Symphonia... That's what she was called when she was a princess. When she became
a duchess, she changed her name to Lilia Albert.]

[I see.]

Lilia-san used to be called Lilianne, and it seems that she changed her name
when she left the royal palace and received her peerage. She said before that
she had no intention of succeeding the throne, and changing her name that shows
that she's a member of the royal family may be like a statement of her
determination.

“Duchess Lilia, it's a pleasure to meet you like this. I am truly sorry for
barging in without prior notice.”

[I-It's alright! I-I'm totally fine with it!]

“Thank you very much. I had the pleasure of meeting and interacting with
Kaito-san, and liked his personality. So, I would like to keep in touch with
him. Of course, that also includes you, Duchess Lilia.”

[Y-Y-Y-Yes! T-Thank you, I-It's my honor!]

Lillywood-san speaks politely and gently, but as if her acting in a low profile
is a calamity, Lilia-san looked like she's already really confused as she
thanked her.

[...Lunamaria-san, is Lilia-san always like that when she's flustered?]

[She was originally a really hard-headed and stiff person. She's not very good
at dealing with sudden situations. Well, she has only been getting that
flustered about once a year before.]

[I see.]

It seems that Lilia-san's unstoppable temper was originally based on her
personality. Also, it seems that she didn't get that flustered originally... But
the fact that I've seen Lilia-san in that state so many times in just one month
means that it's only been a series of unexpected situations for her... Well, how
should I put it... Lilia-san, I'm really sorry.

“I would like to visit Duchess Lilia's mansion again at a later date, is that
alright with you?”

[Y-Yes! O-O-Of course, you're always welcome!]

“Thank you very much. I will be in your care, Duchess Lilia. Once again, I
apologize for this unexpected visit.”

Bowing deeply, Lillywood-san said. That action was a sign of Lillywood-san's
gentle nature but... for the Lilia-san who could only see it as “One of the Six
Kings bowing down to her”, it seems that she had finally reached her limits.

[Hyaahhh?! Ahhh, awawawa, World King-sama, p-please raise your head. P-P-Please
don't l-lower your head to somewa-wawawa... Kyuuu~]

”?!“

[Milady?!]

As if steam was already coming out of her ears... Reaching a critical point
right when she's on the verge of confusion, Lilia-san's eyes rolled up and she
collapsed on the spot, while Lunamaria-san flusteredly rushed over to her.

[Milady! Get a hold of yourself!]

“What's the matter?! If she's not feeling well... In that case, here's a “Fruit
of the World Tree”...”

[World King-sama?! Please excuse my rudeness! But are you trying to deal the
“finishing blow”?!]

“Eh? Ehhh?!”

Seeing Lilia-san who suddenly fainted, Lillywood-san also looked flustered as
she tried taking out a Fruit of the World Tree, but Lunamaria-san desperately
stopped her from doing so. Certainly, in this situation, if she was made to eat
something like the Fruit of the World Tree... It would only deal the finishing
blow to Lilia-san's mind.

No, I'm 100% sure that Lillywood-san is only doing that with good intentions
but...
