---
toc: true
---

# Intermission: Kusunoki Aoi — The Caged Bird's First Love

Born in a blessed family and a blessed environment—I think that's how the world
sees me.

I was born as the only daughter of the Kusunoki Group, a family that runs a
large company, and I was given many things from an early age, so I really may
have been blessed. But for me, that environment wasn't a comforting one at all.
For as long as I can remember, I've been taking part in more lessons than I can
count on one hand, and even when my peers are out playing together, I'm always
at home studying.

Most of all, those eyes that look at me, the courteous smiles directed to me...
I really hated them.

Not one of them was looking at me. They weren't looking at me, myself, but
towards “the Kusunoki family's young lady”. I couldn't help but hate them. I'm a
bird living in a cage of gold, but nonetheless, I'm still a caged bird... That
is the environment I'm born in. As a way to take a break from such a daily life,
I started playing online games. In the short period of 30 minutes to an hour
between finishing my lessons, eating dinner, taking a bath and going to bed, the
time where I could do as I pleased, I chose to play online games... To put it
simply, it was because I was attracted by the catchphrase in its advertisement,
“the place where I can become my ideal self”. With the words “You that isn't
you” within my mind, I created a male character and tried to play with it but...

Let alone online games, this was the first time I've played a single game, so
before I could even understand if this game is fun or not, I didn't even know
what I should do. Even when I looked at the help section on the game's official
website, it was still difficult to understand, filled with all sorts of
technical jargon, and the in-game chatting was rife with incomprehensible
conversation. And of course, I had no one to ask about this, so I was feeling
troubled in the city's starting area.

While I was feeling as such—I met “that person”.

That person, wearing strong-looking equipment, approached me and cordially took
care of me, who was new to online games and its chat function. He taught me not
only about the game, but also about the jargon and the unspoken rules in online
games. He didn't complain about my slow typing speed, but gently and courteously
coached me.

...I enjoyed my time with that person the most.

He was kind and dependable, and yet, somehow laid back and relaxed. I felt at
ease just being with him. Having no siblings, I had thought that this may be
what it feels like having an older brother.

Looking back on it now, that must be—when I first felt love.

If I had to confess, it would be better to say that my state of mind in playing
online games at that time was so that I could meet that person, rather than
going online just to play the game itself. Though I said that, I still didn't
have any idea about love at that time, and all I wanted was to play with the
kind older brother. It may sound strange to say that I'm in love with someone
whose face and name I didn't know, but at the end of the day, the ideal love
interest I had in mind is someone like him, a kind and dependable older man. At
any rate, for the me at that time, talking with him was without a doubt, the
most enjoyable and happiest time I had.

However, those times of happiness came to an abrupt end. When he told me that he
was retiring for real-life reasons, I was so shocked that my mind went blank. I
didn't want to be selfish and bother him, so I gave him some words of
encouragement, but if I'm being honest, I didn't want him to quit. I wanted to
stay with him forever. However, time eventually passed without me being able to
say anything, and in the spring three years ago, he disappeared from the online
game world.

On the day he last connected, I stayed up late for the first time in my life. I
wanted to talk to him for as long as possible...

He also said goodbye to me and gave me some of the expensive equipment and items
I had been using. These items were so rare at it could even be a dream come true
for me to get them at that time, but I wasn't happy in the least bit. I was just
sad. I just shed tears as I stared at the screen of the game where he was gone,
and I finally realized how important he was to me and at the same time, I regret
not knowing enough about him even after he listened to me all the time.

After that, when I became a high school student, the environment around me began
to change little by little.

Probably because they've come to a better understanding of what I need for my
future, or maybe it's because I've been able to maintain my grades, which is a
crooked way of saying I'm a good student... the number of lessons I'm taking
decreased and my parents don't put much restrictions on me anymore. I have more
free time to do my best in club activities.

I've met a lot of people I could call my friends, including Hina-chan, and I can
say that my days have been really fulfilling. However, I'm still playing that
online game and I would still go online for 30 minutes to an hour everyday. I
know that I'm being stubborn, but I'm still holding onto a slight hope that he
might come back someday...

I blankly stared at the back of Miyama-san as Hina-chan pulled his clothes.

Miyama Kaito-san. Just like me, Hina-chan and Mitsunaga-kun, he is summoned to
this world and is the eldest among us... When I first met him, I thought he was
someone who I had no idea what he's thinking about. I guess you could call him
calm at best and indifferent at worst... In spite of the fact that this was
supposed to be a sudden and extraordinary situation, he somehow seemed calm and
composed, and while he took the initiative to ask questions to Lilia-san and the
others, he didn't say anything about himself at all. I don't really know how to
best say it, but early on, it felt like he was always taking a step away from
us, building a wall around him and treating us coldly like it was something
normal, and it's not just to Lilia-san and Lunamaria-san, but to us as well...
To be honest, I was a little afraid of him.

However, I'd say that impression has changed quite a bit since today. He
explained a lot of information he got to us and he was worried about
Mitsunaga-kun, whom he hardly spoke to. The expression on his face, which had
been calm and composed for so long, had changed in many ways today, and I felt
like I'm finally starting to see Miyama-san as who he really is.

He isn't that deep of a person, just a kind and dependable older man.

I think the cold attitude he had at first was probably just because Miyama-san
as also nervous himself, but at least now, I think we've become close enough
that I can enjoy hanging out with him like this. It's probably just a bad habit
of mine that I've been wary, reading too much into things. In fact, when I talk
about games with Miyama-san, the conversation gets really lively. Even when he
himself was excited about the topic though, he was still being mindful of
Hina-chan, which makes me think that he's a really nice guy.

However, when I talk to Miyama-san... I remember him... “Ciel-san”.

My first love, whose real name and face I know nothing about. The time I spent
with that person is still a cherished memory that will stay with me to this day,
and the equipment and items he left behind were all untouched and carefully
stored in the online game's warehouse. Ready and waiting for the day he comes
back...

Even so, three years have already passed and I've been thinking about him less
and less as time passed...

The most shocking thing of all was what Miyama-san had just said about “the Mage
with Earth-attribute main who solo-killed a Tempest Dragon”, because that was
something I myself had done...

There's indeed a possibility that he was talking about someone else. Even if
many people think that earth magic is trashy, in an MMO where a lot of people
play, there are still people who use it as main. There should also be lots of
Mages who could solo-kill a Tempest Dragon “just like me”. However, that isn't
the only part where our memories match with each other. I remember hearing that
Ciel-san was four or five years older than me, and that his username was derived
from his real name.

Miyama-san is 21 years old... I don't know when his birthday is, but as I'm
currently a 2nd-year Senior highschooler, he should be four or five years older
than me... about the same age as Ciel-san.

Then, there's his username that was derived from his real name. Miyama Kaito...
Kaito... Kai... Kaigara... translated in english, that would be “shell”. I guess
that may be too much of a stretch huh? However, Miyama-san was too much like
Ciel-san to deny it. From his tone to the atmosphere around him, a gentle and
laid-back personality... Once I thought of it that way, I could only think of it
like that.

However, I still couldn't find the courage to ask him about it directly yet.
After all, I'm not the same as I was then. I'm now very much aware of the love I
felt for Ciel-san. If Miyama-san is indeed Ciel-san, I don't know how I should
treat him from now on. That's why I haven't had the courage to ask him directly
yet. However, I'll try to tell him properly someday.

While we're talking about MMOs, if I can muster up the courage to say it... That
I'm playing a male character in that MMO we both played, under the username
“Hibis”...

And after that, I'll ask him: [Miyama-san, are you “Ciel-san”?]

[Aoi-senpai\~\~ What are you doing? Let's go already\~\~]

[Unnn, sorry. I'm coming.]

Whether he's just someone who happened to get caught up in the Hero Summoning
with me, or my first love who I met again after three years... I'm a little
scared to know the answer, but I'm really looking forward to it.
