---
toc: true
---

# Serious-senpai's Room: Act 3

In a simple room located somewhere unknown, Serious-senpai, the embodiment of
the concept of seriousness, picked up the 3rd Volume of “I was Caught up in a
Hero Summoning, but That World is at Peace” and read through it like normal.
However, the expression of today's Serious-senpai was a little different from
the painful one she had in the last volume and the one before that.

[...Arehh?]

After finishing the book, Serious-senpai curiously tilted her head and placing
the book down on the table, she stood up. And then, using the tools provided in
the room, she started to make choccy milk. Serious-senpai doesn't really like
sweet stuff, so she would have liked to drink some black coffee instead... but
the only things that are available in this room are “choccy milk” and “baby
castellas”. Moreover, the baby castellas would sometimes have those that are
used for pranks, like “baby castellas filled with wasabi” and “baby castellas
filled with meat”, so she doesn't really want to touch them too much. With that
being the case, the only thing that Serious-senpai could bring into her mouth
would inevitably be the choccy milk.

Normally, Serious-senpai would have drunk the choccy milk while complaining, but
today, she was drinking it with a serious expression on her face.

[...I could kinda feel some seriousness in this.]

Yes, the reason why Serious-senpai had a puzzled expression on her face... was
because the 3rd Volume unexpectedly contained seriousness.

[No, there was still the usual flirting and the heartwarming gags... but this is
perfectly acceptable, and the balance between seriousness and liveliness is just
perfect.]

Of course, being the embodiment of the concept of seriousness, she had been
craving for a serious development for a long time, and this should have been a
welcome development for her.

However, as she was expecting to be disappointed again this time, her thoughts
were unable to keep up with the unexpected development.

[Indeed, the Sacred Tree Festival chapters in the web novel do have precious
serious scenes but... I never expected that the story would lead to a serious
development after the revision. Author-san, you sick or something?]

Serious-senpai eventually began to worry about the author, a thought that would
normally never occur to her, but after a while, she gradually began to feel a
sense of joy.

[...U-Unnn. Well, this is great, isn't it? Rather, this is exactly what I want!
Author-san, you did well! That's it, just like that! This is exactly what I've
been looking for!]

Serious-senpai, who basically has a simple thought process, as if the expression
on her face suddenly disappeared, a bright smile appeared on her face and she
began making merry “all on her own”.

[3 volumes of unswerving determination, finally, finally... My time has finally
come!!! From here on out, this series will be filled with lots of serious stuff
and I'm sure my role will also dramatically increase! Hahaha! Take that, web
novel readers! You expected that my suffering would continue, but there's no way
that will happen!]

Serious-senpai, who talks about incomprehensible things again, looks really
pitiful no matter how one looks at her, but just as usual, there's no one to
throw a tsukkomi at her. Rather, even in this 3rd volume, the proportion of
seriousness isn't really that large, but it doesn't seem like that matters to
Serious-senpai.

[Well~~ It seems like I'll be busy from now on~~. I'll have to do some serious
work on the main story, so I won't be here any... Arehh?]

Thereupon, Serious-senpai stopped moving for a moment and began looking around
her surroundings. After she did that for a little while, Serious-senpai sat
quietly on the sofa and crossed her arms. Her face absent of the joy she had
before, Serious-senpai looked as if she just realized something she shouldn't
have.

[...Volume 3... had serious developments... but no one's... calling me out of
here?]

This is the waiting room... “The waiting room exclusively to those treated
unneeded in the main story”.

[...A-Arehh? L-Look, I'm the embodiment of seriousness, the most serious of the
serious characters, you know? W-Without me, h-how the heck are you going to
bring forth the seriousness?]

Even though the main story is taking a serious turn, Serious-senpai felt
desperate when she realized that she still doesn't have a part in the main
story, but at that moment, a sheet of paper suddenly appeared on top of the
table out of nowhere.

“You're a gag character, you know?”

[NO WAAAAAAAYYYYYYY?!]

And thus, as usual, Serious-senpai's screams echoed in the room.
