---
type: afterword
---

# Afterword

I'm sure there are some of you who have been reading the Web Novel, but still,
nice to meet you, I'm the Author Todai. For picking up my book “I was Caught up
in a Hero Summoning, but That World is at Peace”, thank you very much. It's a
leisurely novel with no big climaxes or ups and downs, but I'm glad if you
enjoyed it.

When I first started submitting this novel to Syosetu's “Let's become a
Novelist”, I never imagined that it would be published in a physical book. I'm
sure the Web Novel readers are surprised, but I assure you that I'm the one most
surprised here.

I posted the first chapter of the Web Novel on May 7th last year, but for a
while, the number of bookmarks and evaluation points remained low, so I thought
that this Web Novel becoming a Light Novel would just be a pipe dream. I think
the biggest reason why this book became available to everyone was that it was
submitted to the “Morningstar Award”, sponsored by Shinkigensha-sama.

Now then, in order for this book “I was Caught up in a Hero Summoning, but That
World is at Peace” to be published, I have made some changes from the Web Novel.
However, I didn't make any changes that would affect the main flow of the story,
but switched the order in which characters appeared and events that happened.
I'm aiming for a relaxed, stress-free style in this novel, so it was rather easy
to make adjustments, but even so, my first light novel adaptation still took a
lot of work.

Just as the title says that “at peace”, the world in this novel is a really
gentle world. What I'm aiming for is an “everyday life in a different world”
kind of thing, so I'd be happy if you could slack a bit and just enjoy the ride.

The first volume of the novel was mainly about the main heroine, Kuromueina,
while the second volume of the novel would be mainly about the one who is
arguably the most popular character in the Web Novel, the King of Death, Isis...
Even now, I'm already imagining their first meeting again.

As I only have a few spaces I could take up left, I'd like to give my thanks
once again.

I would like to express my gratitude to Shinkigensha for giving me the honor of
publishing my work as a Light Novel, to the editor-in-charge for carefully
supporting me, who was new to all of this, despite the fact that I could only
give me a general explanation, to Ochau-sama for the wonderful illustrations, to
the Web Novel readers for their warm words of support, and to everyone who
picked up this work.

My lack of vocabulary isn't enough to express the feelings of gratitude I have
in my heart, but still, I would like to give you my heartfelt gratitude.

Thank you very much for your support and please continue to support the novel.

One last piece of information... If you don't know the Web Novel, you might not
understand what I'm talking about, but please forgive me.

Serious-senpai is out there somewhere. If you have the time, please search for
her.
