---
toc: true
---

# Prologue

Though it wasn't particularly a sign of an omen of some sort, it wasn't a sight
seen in everyday life either. If there was anything different from my everyday
life, then it would be seeing students wear the uniform of the school I once
went to on my way home after my college classes under the beating sun in the
early afternoon.

There were two boys and two girls. Perhaps they were in the same club, but the
four of them walking right in front of me were engaging in such a lively
conversation that was blinding to a lonely elitist like me. In particular, the
two female students were cute enough to definitely be called the cutest of their
class, and I felt jealous of the boys who were walking with them.

Since they were exactly two boys and two girls, it wouldn't be a surprise if
they added up to be two couples... I wish normies like this would just go
explode.

Yes, it truly was an uneventful way back home. That was until I reached the red
light at the pedestrian crossing behind that group of four, and though I was a
few paces behind them, I had stepped on something like a strange magic circle.

Before I could even wonder what in the world this is, the scenery around me
became blurred with static as my surroundings began to change. The ground, which
should've been asphalt, had been replaced with stone, and the annoyingly hot sun
that was beating down on me was replaced with a dim... lamp? Hold on, I don't
understand.

[Welcome and thank you for coming, ”Hero”.]

Before I got lost in a chaotic situation to which I didn't understand, I heard a
voice as beautiful as a bell ring in my ears. When I looked behind me, there was
a beautiful woman donning a white dress without a speck of dirt, paired with
long, blonde hair and gorgeous blue eyes. Out of the group of four I was walking
behind, the two girls and one of the boys were there too.

Arehh? What happened to the other one?

[We understand that it was abrupt, but—Eh?]

The blonde beauty looked at all of us, and while expressing an unknowingly
enchanting smile on her face, she opened her mouth... but soon stopped her
sentence midway.

Then there was silence... Not only were the three high school students and I
felt like we were lost in our current situation, but the beautiful woman who had
stopped herself from speaking and the people in robes in the vicinity had frozen
in place as if time stopped, silence dominating the room.

[...U-Ummm, Milady, I'm seeing four people here...]

[...What a coincidence, Luna. That's what I'm seeing too...]

As if they had gathered their thoughts, one of the robed people spoke to the
beautiful woman, and she returned their words in a somewhat perplexed manner.
Unfortunately, my thoughts were still unable to catch up after my daily life was
suddenly struck by what felt like a Dempsey Roll. If I was a computer, then my
mouse icon would look like an hourglass. I should've bought an Int\*l instead...
No, no, what the heck am I thinking?

When I shift my gaze over to the three high school students who are in the same
situation, they seem to be in a similar state as me, glancing at me with
confused expressions on their faces.

![Insert 1](../../_Images/v01/Insert1.png#.insert)

[T-This is that, right?! Three of them just got caught up in the “summoning”, or
something like that, right?!]

[M-Most probably... What should we do about this, Millady?]

[What should we do, you ask? It's not like I can just say “I messed up,
_teehee!_” so for now, why don't we explain the situation to everyone... Ah, but
first, we need to figure out who the hero is...]

[_Teehee!_ ...you say. Milady, I believe you're a bit too old to do such a thing
now...]

[Why are you calmly retorting about that?!]

I don't know why, but it feels like this disappointing conversation is chipping
away at my sense of urgency for being in this unknown situation... The two high
school girls even looked flabbergasted, while the high school boy—Wait, why is
he pumping his fist. Seriously? Fist pumping in a situation like this?

Unnn? Wait a moment... Hero? Summoning? Caught up? I feel like familiar words
have leaped their ways into my ears. Think, was there something like that
recently that had—

[Erhem. Once again, welcome and tha—]

[Sorry. I'm thinking about something here, so can you please keep quiet?]

[Ah, yes. I apologize.]

I heard a voice interrupting my thoughts, so I asked them to wait for a moment
and thought about this matter again. Ah, I see. I remember. This is just like
the light novel that I read recently!

I'm not that hardcore to profess myself as one, but I'm somewhat of an otaku, or
at least I have a hobby that would warrant me getting called that. I'm just a
half-assed otaku that loves games, fairly often read light novels, but doesn't
watch anime... Anyway, my point is that this situation reminds me of a light
novel I read recently. It's a fairly simple story about a hero getting summoned
to another world and fighting the Demon Lord, but thinking back on it, I
remember seeing many stories like that.

[...U-Ummm...]

Ahh, but even though all those stories were about being teleported to another
world, each of them had all sorts of variations. While there were some that were
a cut and dry story about a hero defeating the Demon Lord, there were others
where the royalty who summoned them were actually the evil ones. And yet, there
are others about how ordinary people who were summoned and labeled as
incompetent actually had cheat skills...

[...Errr, excuse me\~\~]

With that being the case, I guess what we really need now is information? Even
if there's that phrase “the truth is stranger than fiction,” I can't just
conclude that I've just been transported to a different world. It's obvious that
I'm currently in an extraordinary situation, so for the time being, we need to
figure out what's going on... Arehh? Am I forgetting something?

[...Errr...]

[...Eh?]

At that moment, the sight of the blonde beauty's face with both confusion and
anxiety had finally reached my eyes. It then hit me that I was so absorbed in my
thoughts that I had interrupted the woman in front of me, making me turn pale.

[...I'd like to move the topic forward... Would that be alright?]

[I-I'm sorry!!! I've always had this habit of ignoring my surroundings when I
delve deep into my thoughts...]

In response to her bewildered words, I hurriedly bowed my head. I messed up... I
did that bad habit once again. Ever since I was young, I had the habit of
completely ignoring my surroundings when I get absorbed into something. You can
positively say that I'm focused, but you can also negatively say that I'm
narrow-minded.

But at the end of the day, I messed up once again. I even feel like the two high
school girls are looking at me with astonishment, and the robed people around
the blonde beauty seemed to be giggling at me. The high school boy is... looking
down, seemingly muttering about something... Ahh, I feel like I can be friends
with this guy.

[No, I can't fault you for being confused by the suddenness of the situation.
Once again, everyone from another world, we welcome you to the “Symphonia
Kingdom”.]

After she gleaned a soft smile to my apologetic self, the beauty picked up the
hem of her skirt and bowed gracefully. Then, I don't know if I should say that
it's just as I had expected or not, but it's a kingdom from another world.

[My name is Lilia Albert. Please accept my apologies for summoning you out of
the blue. I'm sure you're confused by the suddenness of the situation, but I
understand that I should explain the situation to you first... However, I'm very
ashamed for asking this for my own convenience, but before I explain, would it
be alright to ask for everyone's names?]

[...Ah, yes. Errr... I'm Miyama Kaito.]

To the beauty... The woman named Lilia's question, I decided to answer her first
as I was the eldest of us. In novels, there are those who'd lash out on their
surroundings and there are those who'd scream in confusion, but when it comes to
our current situation, the chaos and confusion is so great that answering calmly
is somehow possible.

[...I'm Kusunoki Aoi.]

[...Yuzuki Hina.]

[...Mitsunaga Seigi.]

As if to follow my lead, the three high school students also named themselves.
Rather, that boy's name is cool. That totally sounds like the name of a Hero.
Being named Seigi is like being born just to become a Hero... Well, maybe
because he wears glasses, but he looks like someone who studies
humanities.[^seigi]

[Miyama-sama, Kusunoki-sama, Yuzuki-sama, Mitsunaga-sama, right? Nice to meet
you all. Pardon me, but please wait here for a moment.]

While saying so, Lilia-san exchanged glances with a different robed person, and
that person took out something that looked like a crystal ball. Though my body
stiffened watching their actions indicate that something was going to happen.

[Please don't worry, I won't do you any harm.]

Seemingly noticing my anxiousness, Lilia-san explained. It felt like it wouldn't
be a good idea to move rashly from there, so I stayed in place.

[...It seems that Mitsunaga-dono was the summoned hero. The others were just
caught up in the summoning.]

[As I had thought.]

It seems the hero really is Mitsunaga Seigi. Although it went exactly as I
predicted it'd be, I wonder what will happen now? In this confusing situation
we're in, it's kinda amazing how Mitsunaga-kun still manages to subtlety fist
pump to himself even after he suddenly gets named as the hero. You're the best,
number one. Please do your best in challenging whatever's troubling them.

[Well then, would you explain things to the Hero over there?]

[Yes, let's do that. Lilia-sama, please explain the situation to the other three
people.]

After hearing that conversation of theirs, Lilia-san told us that the
explanation for Mitsunaga-kun—the Hero and the explanation of the circumstances
for us three are different, so they will be done separately.

[Please wait a minute. Why is Mitsunaga-kun's different?]

[What are you going to do with him?]

[As expected, they had objected to this. Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san is...]

The most important issue right now though... Lilia-san, who is soothing
Kusunoki-san and Yuki-san before me. I want to know what kind of person she is
and what she intends to do with us.

It may be wrong to compare everything to the development in light novels, but in
this kind of story, the royalty who summoned the Hero tries to use the Hero like
a slave and treating those who aren't coldly is the most common of the most
common isekai tropes. In reality, even now, she says that she will give a
separate explanation towards Mitsunaga-kun, who's the Hero, so I can't help but
wonder if there's something she's hiding from us.

[I understand that you're feeling anxious, but I swear that I will never harm
you. I know that this is an extremely selfish response on my part, but I hope
you can understand.]

Saying this, Lilia-san deeply bowed her head. Seeing the way she apologized,
which seemed to be the same even in this different world, although not fully
convinced yet, Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san also stopped objecting, and
Mitsunaga-kun nodded quietly. Of course, I nodded too.

I'm sure the other three already know, but resistance is probably meaningless.
With just a glance, you could tell that there are more than twice as many people
in robes compared to us, and, if you believe her story completely, we're in a
different world... there's a possibility that this world had something like
magic.

Although Mitsunaga-kun, who was named the Hero, may be able to wield some
special power, I wouldn't know if I, someone who just got caught up in this,
would also have one. In this case, the only option I can choose here for my own
self-protection is to listen to what she has to say.

Guided by Lilia-san, we left what seemed to be a dimly lit basement, and arrived
at a luxuriously decorated guest room. It looks like the explanation for the
Hero, Mitsunaga-kun will be given here, making him stay behind here together
with the people dressed in white clothes reminiscent of a clergyman. Meanwhile,
the two girls and I will be guided to a separate room...

The room was less than half the size of the previous guest room, but it was
large enough and the interior was reminiscent of medieval European with large
rectangular tables and chairs inside of it. There hasn't been an otherworld-like
feeling until now though, so I don't really feel like I have been teleported to
another world.

[Please take a seat. Luna, can you bring drinks to our three guests...]

[I understand.]

While urging us to sit down, Lilia-san gave instructions to the woman wearing a
maid outfit beside her, apparently named Luna-san, and who had taken off her
robe without any of us noticing. Because we were in a dimly lit room and she was
wearing a hood, I didn't know this, but Luna-san was a woman with beautiful
light blue hair... There it is, now this really feels like I'm in a different
world.

After seeing Luna-san leave the room with a bow, chairs were cautiously pulled
out. Firstly, I sat in front of Lilia-san... and a bit to her right, while
Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san sat about two seats away from me.

Some time passed, and Luna-san came back while pushing a cart with tea on it.
After placing the tea cups in front of us, she went to stand behind Lilia-san.
Seeing that, Lilia nodded once and began to speak in a gentle tone.

[First of all, I apologize again. I'm truly sorry that I suddenly summoned you
here to a different world, as well as taking so long to explain the situation to
you due to our side's circumstances.]

[Ah, no...]

[Well, what... is going to happen to us?]

Kusunoki-san was the first to voice the biggest question that was going on in my
head. She has long, shiny black hair and is of a high stature, and compared to
me, she looked a little calmer than me. I'm sure she's a strong woman, and this
isn't me comparing her to my wimpy self.

[As a major premise, I swear by the name of the Albert Duchy that we will not
allow harm to come your way, including Mitsunaga-sama.]

[...Albert... Duchy?]

[Ahh, please excuse me. I should have explained my status first. Once again, my
name is Lilia Albert. In the Symphonia Kingdom, I hold the title of Duke... In
other words, I'm a noble.]

[Milady Lilia is the half-sister of the current King and, in addition to her
title, is fourth in line to the succession of the throne. Therefore, when she
claims something on behalf of her name, she claims it on behalf of the Kingdom.
There is no problem in accepting her words.]

Duke?! Succession to the throne?! A part of me had already guessed it, but she
really is a high ranking person.

[By the way, she's 22 years old, which is a rare for a Duke in the Symphonia
Kingdom as it is common to get married between the ages of 15 and 19.]

[...Luna? Why did you have to tell them that? It's not relevant to what's
happening here, no?]

[No, I was just thinking that it's almost a bit of a stretch to still refer to
you as “lady” in your age...]

[...I need to have a talk with you about this later.]

I wonder what this is? This elegant beauty's behavior and tone of voice is quite
polite, but... she has quite the disappointing feel around her... also, Luna-san
is quite a pretty merciless person.

[...Returning to the topic at hand, allow me to answer Kusunoki-sama's original
question. I believe that the thing that you are most worried about is whether
you can return to your previous world, but please be assured of that point.]

[W-We can return to our world...?]

The one who asked that was Yuzuki-san, whose voice had a hint of fear laced in
it. Her semi-short chestnut hair was reminiscent of the cuteness of a small
animal. I don't know if it probably was because of Kusunoki-san holding her
hand, or because of Yuzuki-san's petite figure, but the two feel like they have
a senpai-kouhai relationship. However, Yuzuki-san's breasts are much more... No,
no, what the heck am I thinking?!

[Yes, It's just... ummm...]

When Yuzuki-san had asked that, it felt like Lilia-san was finding difficulty in
responding. I suppose it would be like that trope huh? We probably can't be sent
home unless the Demon Lord is defeated or something like that?

If that's the case, then I really can't accept Lilia-san's words at face
value...

[It will be around a year until the magic circle can be used again...]

[A-A year?!]

Arehh? This is kinda different from what I was expecting. Kusunoki-san, who
shouted out her response, was most definitely shocked after hearing that, but I
was shocked in a different sense of the word. Yes, the terms why they can't
sound rather lax...

Normally, with these kinds of developments, I thought that the only way to get
back home is to defeat the Demon Lord. Ahh, maybe that would be the case for
Mitsunaga-kun. If so, it makes sense why only he is receiving a different
explanation.

Although these terms are lax, being away from our original world for a whole
year isn't something to gloss over considering the effects it may cause in that
world.

[...But I was supposed to represent my team in the upcoming 5000-meter distance
run in the upcoming competition...]

[Hina-chan, that's not the problem here...]

Is Yuzuki-san airheaded? It's impressive that she could worry about club
activities in a time like this.

[Ahh, please do not worry. According to the “Goddess,” it seems that the flow of
time is different between our worlds, and so when you return, you'll be sent
back to the exact time you got summoned in this world. Your bodies that have
grown in this one-year period would also be returned to their condition before
you were summoned, so there will be no problem.]

Just when my worries had been quickly resolved, a new unknown variable, the
Goddess, appeared.

Errr, in other words, it takes a year to return to the original world. But you
don't have to worry about the passage of time over there, and even if you
suddenly gain weight in this world, that Goddess will bring us back to our
original form..

[Of course, we will guarantee your safety, clothing, food and shelter while you
are here. It's not anything particularly grandois, but I guarantee you three a
life without inconvenience.]

[...H-Huhh...]

[Errr, t-thanks.]

I don't know if I should say that we were dumbfounded or not, but the
information that was relayed to us was so advantageous that Kusunoki-san and
Yuzuki-san were also bewildered. It's to the point where I thanked her without
realizing...

However, I can't let my guard down yet. Yes, it's because the issue surrounding
Mitsunaga-kun has not been resolved. If he was a Hero summoned to fight the
Demon Lord, then it goes to show how dangerous this world is.

[...May I ask you a question?]

[Of course, Miyama-sama.]

[Errr, about the boy listening to another explanation in another room,
Mitsunaga-kun, was it? You all called him the Hero. I suppose that must mean
there's something like a Demon Lord here, and he needs to fight against it,
right?]

Resolving myself, I asked. This would be the situation's turning point. Whether
Lilia-san speaks honestly or not will give me some direction on what my next
move will be. Now then, how will she respond?

With my heart racing inside of my chest, I waited for their answer... only for
both Lilia-san and Luna-san to tilt their heads out of confusion.

[The Demon Lord, you ask? The First Hero has already defeated them a thousand
years ago though.]

[...Ehh? Errr, are Demons hostile towards Humans or something like that then?]

[No, Humans and Demons have a very good relationship. Cultural exchange and
trade are thriving.]

[...What about war?]

[As far as I know, there hasn't been one in the last 800 years.]

[...Is the world brimming with monsters everywhere?]

[Monsters do exist, but subjugating them is a job for the Adventurer's Guild and
the Chivalric Order, so, including Mitsunaga-sama, none of you have to fight.]

[...]

Arehh? What's with this conversation? Wait a minute. Please, let me think for a
moment!

Errr, there isn't a Demon Lord? The Humans' relationships with the Demons are
friendly? War hasn't happened for 800 years? There are monsters, but we don't
need to meddle ourselves with that?

[...Then what is the purpose of summoning a Hero?]

[A thousand years ago, 1009 years to be exact, the First Hero who defeated the
Demon Lord became the bridge that connected Humans and Demons together. In honor
of the First Hero and to pray for a peaceful future, every 10 years, we invite a
Hero from the same world the First Hero came from and hold grand festivals.
Incidentally, the person in charge of summoning heroes changes year by year, and
this year, I am the person in charge.]

[...A festival?]

[Yes. Mitsunaga-kun was summoned here so that he can be the star of the
“Festival of Heroes” in a year. We had him receive his explanation in another
room so we can brief him on how he will participate and how he will need to
visit every country. Of course, we'll respect his wishes, so he could also
decline if he so wishes.]

[Ahh, so declining is an option huh.]

[Yes, there have been those that have declined in the past, so we've had
stand-ins for those people. If one decides to take on this role, then they will
be treated luxuriously as a national guest for the year leading up to the hero
festival.. Even if you decline, your livelihood is guaranteed, and you'd simply
be sent home after essentially sightseeing for a year.]

[...Errr, in other words... what we will be doing from now on...]

[Yes... I know that you may be confused for now, but I hope you can enjoy this
world that holds a different culture from yours. After experiencing all this
world has to offer to its fullest, from sightseeing to cultural exchanges, to
even exploring the once-in-a-decade grand festival this world hosts... You will
safely be returned to your original world.]

[......]

Dear Mother, Father—I got caught up in a hero summoning, but that world—was at
peace.

[^seigi]: Mitsunaga Seigi: The "Seigi" part itself means "Justice"
