---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 5: Feelings For You

On the eighth day of the Fire month, I woke up very early today, perhaps because
I didn't sleep well, and when I woke up, it was still dark outside the window,
and when I looked at my pocket watch, it was still 6 AM.

Well, although it's still early, I don't feel like I'm sleep-deprived because I
went to bed earlier than when I was on Earth, where I would usually stay up late
on my computer or watching TV.

I know that it's a good thing to live a healthy lifestyle, but it's about time I
have something to entertain me for a bit. Next time I go into town, it might be
a good idea to buy a book or something like that.

Having such a thought in mind, when I left the room and looked out from the
window in the corridor, I felt like my intuition suddenly spoke within my head.

...It will rain starting at noon.

I don't know why I had such a thought in mind. As far as I can see from the sky
being dyed with the light of the sun, it looks like it's going to be a sunny day
today, but for reasons I do not know... But I had a premonition close to
certainty. But in the end, I don't know why I had felt such a thing, and shaking
such a thought out of my mind, I went to the washroom to wash my face.

When noon was about to arrive, I chatted with Kuro, who was flapping her legs
about while slacking around the sofa in my room, as if it's the most obvious
thing in the world. It's unusual for Kuro to have come in the daytime today, but
to be honest, I'm used to her suddenly appearing, so I didn't bother throwing a
tsukkomi at her.

[Unnn? It looks like it's about to rain\~\~]

[...Eh?]

As Kuro was enjoying a relaxing time, she muttered, and turning my gaze to the
window... The sky, which was clear not long ago, was cloudy, and I saw a small
drop of water... rain hitting the window.

When I saw the rain start to fall as I had intuitively thought it would in the
early morning, the question that I had pushed away in my mind came back, and at
the same time, something came into my mind again.

...The rain stops at night.

It happened again... I don't know why such thoughts came into my mind again, but
I still felt the feeling of near-certainty along with that thought. What the
heck is this?

[Arehh? Kaito-kun... It seems like you can finally release your “magic power”
huh.]

[...Eh?]

[Unnn, I'm sure. It isn't just a faint feeling, you looked like you were
well-clad in magic power. It looks like you're finally ready to use magic.]

Even though Kuro pointed out that she could see something in my body, I can't
see any change in my appearance myself because magic power essentially isn't
visible.

However, aside from physical aspects, I can certainly feel something change.
It's much less diluted than when I was pseudo-clad in Kuro's magic power, and I
didn't notice it until now, but I could sense that my body is clad in something.

[Indeed, now that you said it, I feel like I'm somehow clad in magic power.]

[Unn, unnn. It might be a little uncomfortable because your body isn't used to
it yet, and I don't think you'll be able to move it well yet... but after about
2 days, you should be able to sense how to move your magic. After that, you can
finally use magic.]

[Whoa...]

It's certainly as Kuro said. I could sense that I'm clad in magic power, but I
can't make it move. No, to be precise, I could feel like I could do it, but I
could sense that I wouldn't be able to make it move well.

According to Kuro, this is because my body isn't accustomed yet to being clad in
magic power. In other words, it is like how a baby has just learned how to stand
on its own feet, and after some time passes, I will gradually be able to
manipulate my magic power.

[...Speaking of which, there's something interesting I heard back then.]

[Unnn?]

[Most children from other worlds, apparently because they grew up in a different
environment, can use a special magic.]

[Special magic?]

When I was moved by the fact that I was finally at the starting line of using
magic, Kuro smiled and said the words that I'm curious about.

Humans from other worlds can use a special kind of magic, holding some kind of
ability unique from the others... Indeed, that can be said to be the staples of
the novels about people summoned to another world.

[Unnn. For example, Hikari-chan, the First Hero, was able to materialize her
magic power... turning it into swords or shields, or more accurately, turning it
into some kind of mineral. There are some demons, myself included, who can do
similar things, but compared to turning magic into fire or water, turning it
into iron or something like that consumes an awful lot of magic power. It
normally would have been impossible for her to use it with a human's amount of
magic power, but Hikari-chan was able to do it with just a small amount of magic
power consumption.]

[Fumu...]

[Moreover, Hikari-chan didn't need any magic technique—like a magic circle, for
her to use that magic. Materialization should have been a high-ranked magic.
It's not supposed to be possible to omit the use of magic techniques unless
you're a high-ranking demon, but Hikari-chan seems to have been able to do it
ever since she first learned magic.]

[Doesn't that only mean that the First Hero was special?]

The First Hero is able to use this magic better than the high-ranking demon,
which would normally require the power of a high-ranking demon to be able to use
it.

However, I'm still not sure if this is because she's an otherworlder or because
she is the First Hero.

[Unnn. There were a few other children holding the role of Hero back in the past
who didn't go back to their original world and stayed in this world, and those
children could use magic that's unique to them. The magic they hold is different
though. I remembered that there was this child who could use Teleportation Magic
just like how Peerage-holding Demons do, though it only consumes a lot less
magic power from him. There's also that child who can use great magic, though
she could only use water magic. Each of them may be different but... All in all,
they were able to use magic that originally couldn't be used by humans.]

[Does that mean I also have some kind of unusual magic?]

[Unnn. It's quite possible. Have you felt any kind of “strange feelings” after
your magic power awakened? Like how you feel like you can do this, or a part of
you that doesn't feel the same as before...]

[...Come to think of it...]

What came to my mind when Kuro asked me about it was that strange feeling I felt
earlier this morning and just now. That incident where I knew, for some reason,
that the weather would change with a near-certainty...

When I explained this to Kuro, she put her hand on her chin as she looked like
she's thinking about something.

[You knew that the weather would change? Hmmm. If it's related to foresight...
It was too limited to consider it like that, as for weather manipulation... It
isn't like you willed the weather to change yourself... Speaking of which,
Kaito-kun has “Shiro's Blessing”... Perhaps...]

Kuro began to silently mutter something, and a little while later, it seemed
like she had come up with something, as she turned towards me.

[Kaito-kun, do you mind if we try something?]

[Eh? Ah, unnn.]

[Then, I'm sorry for this.]

[Nggh?! Guuhhh, uuaagghh...]

I nodded at Kuro when she told me she wants to try something out—probably
related to my magic. Kuro then held out her hand towards me, and immediately
afterwards, a tremendous amount of pressure weighed on my body. It's as if all
the air around me turned to lead or something like that, as my body couldn't
even twitch.

I don't know what Kuro thought, but for me to not be able to move my body at all
is more intense than I expected...

[...Kaito-kun, can you move your body in that situation?]

Don't say something unreasonable... How can I move my body when it's like I'm
trapped in a boulder like this... No? I don't feel the heaviness I felt before,
and I feel like I can manage to move if I work hard.

Following Kuro's words, I tried to move my body. At first, my body won't move at
all, but after a while, the pressure on my body weakened, just like how my body
which was trapped in hardened concrete was finally able to struggle as if what
was clinging unto my body is hardened mud, and I was able to move my body a
little bit.

Kuro continues to quietly watch me.

[.........]

[?!?!]

Immediately afterwards, a chill went through my entire body.

I don't know how to describe it, but it's an incredibly unpleasant feeling. It's
as if my whole body was held up to a sharp blade—No, even something like could
be described as lukewarm compared to the overwhelming fear I feel right now.

The moment my eyes met with the golden eyes that were quietly staring at me, a
deep darkness that seemed to swallow me filled in my head.

...I will be killed.

Along with the moment that feeling emerged, events from the past popped up one
after another in my head. The memories of when I spent time with my parents, the
time when I lost them in an accident, the faded days after that, and the time
after I came to this world...

Immediately after I realized that I was actually looking at the revolving
lantern, that feeling of despair that had been assaulting my entire body
disappears, and my body loses its strength and collapses on my knees. With my
body not being able to exert an ounce of strength, the gravity began to drag my
body down, collapsing on the floor... and was caught in someone's arms, just
like before.

[I'm sorry. Kaito-kun. It was quite scary, right?]

[...Kuro?]

The atmosphere around her went back to being warm and reassuring as usual,
without the feeling of fear I felt earlier from Kuro, who held my crumbling body
in her arms and spoke to me with her gentle and reassuring voice. I'm not sure
what happened. My head feels like it's spinning and I can't think straight.

[To check Kaito-kun's power, I put a little bit of my killing intent into my
magic power. I'm really sorry.]

While gently stroking my head, Kuro utters an apology.

She just put in a little bit of killing intent, she said... That's outrageous
enough for my mind to break. How should I say this, I guess that's to be
expected from the Underworld King huh...

[Are you okay? Does it hurt anywhere?]

[...I'm feeling a little lightheaded.]

[I guess the pressure from the high-density of magic power must have caused you
to get magic intoxication huh... You should get better after you get some rest.]

When Kuro told me that, my body floated up and moved towards the bed. Then, Kuro
also moved towards the same bed and my head was placed on her lap, laying down
with her lap as my pillow.

Kuro then stroked my head to calm me down and talked to me in a gentle voice.

[I'm really sorry. But, because Kaito-kun was able to persevere, I now know what
kind of power Kaito-kun has.]

[...Is that so?]

[Unnn. Kaito-kun seems to be able to read the magic power in the surroundings
very keenly. It's so sensitive that it can even detect the “faintest emotions”
contained within the surrounding magic power. I'm guessing that you should be
able to read it even more acutely since you are now able to use your magic
power, but I wonder if you had been reading it unconsciously before?]

[The emotions contained within the surrounding magic power?]

As gentle words whispered in my ear, giving me relief in my mind, my thoughts,
which were gradually becoming foggy, returned to normal.

[Unnn. Magic power is very much influenced by the user's emotions. Just as how
hostile magic can intimidate others while the reverse could make someone feel
safe. It seems like Kaito-kun is very sensitive to the emotions contained within
magic power huh. Haven't you ever felt it since you came to this world? Like how
this person is easy to talk to, and conversely, how this person is hard to talk
to, I think you were subconsciously reading the emotions someone was feeling
towards Kaito-kun based on their magic power.]

It seems that I have an excellent ability to read other people's magic powers.

Indeed, now that she mentioned it, I've had that feeling until now. Even among
the servants in Lilia-san's mansion, there are people who I think are easy to
talk to, but there are also people who I somehow found difficult to talk to.

It seems that this is because I have unconsciously read the emotions contained
in the surrounding magic power, just like how I sense nearby presences and feel
the mood around me.

I see, that should also explain why I strangely feel safe around Kuro. It's
because I've read the favorable feelings she's giving me.

[So you're saying that I have an aptitude for perception magic?]

[Hmmm. It's just my conjecture, but I don't think it would be just
perception...]

[Unnn?]

[The fact that you were able to have a “proper conversation” with Shiro, and
when I first applied pressure to your body by weighing it down with high-density
magic power, Kaito-kun, you were able to move a little bit, right? That's
already impossible for a normal human to handle.]

[Eh?]

[It's almost like a magical binding after all. A human normally wouldn't have
been able to move an inch under that magic power, but Kaito-kun “sensed” that my
magic power wasn't filled with hostility and tried to “adapt” to it little by
little.]

Come to think of it, I think Shiro-san said something like that too. If I
remember correctly, I think she said that “I could say that this adaptability of
mine could even be my talent” or something like that... Could this be what she
was referring to?

As for that part where I wasn't able to move like I was trapped inside a boulder
earlier, it doesn't seem that Kuro weakened the power she placed to weigh down
my body, and instead, I was able to move because I adapted to it.

[I think you were able to see the change in the weather because you read the
magic power in the air... but I wonder if it was thanks to “Shiro's Blessing”
that you were able to do that?]

[Errr, so what does that mean?]

[Hmmm, well, it's an interesting power, is what I mean. Depending on how you use
it, you can do some really interesting things. For example...]

As my head continued to rest on her lap, Kuro told me her conjectures about the
power I have.

According to her, I should be able to spread out my magic power over a wide area
and detect living creatures. I should also be able to read the movements of
someone's magic power. And it should also be possible for me to communicate with
beings that communicate with words.

A magic that lets me sense and adapt to magic power... If I had to call it
something, I guess it would be something like Sympathy Magic huh? To be honest,
the examples Kuro gave me are quite outrageous, and I'm skeptical if it's really
possible to do that, but this certainly is an unusual magic.

By the way, how long am I going to lay down on your lap?

[Unnn? Kaito-kun can lay there as long as you like... It's fine if you want to
take a nap, you know?]

[......]

It seems like I accidentally spoke that out, as Kuro responded to me with a very
tempting proposition. I mean, to be honest, it may have something to do with the
fact that I woke up early this morning, but this pleasant sensation has made me
doze off.

I don't know if it's because of that magic intoxication that she mentioned, even
though my head is no longer spinning, I'm still feeling tired, so I'm going to
indulge myself here.

On the 13th day of the Fire month, it has been two weeks since I arrived in this
world. The first week was filled with surprises and confusion, and I feel like
that week had passed in the blink of an eye.

However, humans really are creatures that adapt to their environment, and I'm
gradually getting used to living in this unknown world.

Nevertheless, I have also changed. The biggest change is that I can now use my
magic, although it's still a simple one.

After receiving guidance from Kuro, I became able to use magic faster than
Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san, and I'm currently working on the basics of
Non-Transmutation Magic that uses magic power as it is... and with my current
abilities, I can now do things like make a palm-sized object float.

Incidentally, both Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san are still practicing how to
become aware of their own magic power while looking at the Introduction to Magic
created by Kuro. From what Lilia-san can tell, it will be ready for use in
another week.

According to Lilia-san, this Introduction to Magic that was written by Kuro is
at the level where “if it was brought to the magic academy, it would cause a
revolution”, and because of that, the three of us are advancing at an
extraordinary speed in learning magic.

Kuro still comes to my room every night as always, teaching me magic and having
fun chatting with me... For me, I feel like these times were the most enjoyable
time of my life.

[Ahh, that's right. Kaito-kun, are you free tomorrow?]

[Unnn? Rather than just tomorrow... I'm usually free until I go home though?]

After I just finished magic practice, Kuro suddenly said such a thing.

Did she come up with something absurd again? It would be great if it was
something that isn't too tiring but...

[Look, I told you that we'd go out just the two of us before, right?]

[Ah, yeah. You did say that.]

That's what Kuro whispered to me just as she was about to go to Lilia-san's
mansion back when she came to visit.

Remembering that, I nodded at her words, and Kuro continued speaking with a big
smile on her face.

[So, tomorrow. Let's go on a “date” tomorrow!]

[...Huh?]

I've already been used to Kuro's usual absurdness, but she said something even
more outrageous today. How should I say this... Pathetic it may be to say this,
but I was invited to a date for the first time in my life.

On the 14th of the Fire Month, I stood in front of the fountain in the royal
capital.

Yesterday, Kuro suddenly invited me to go out with her, and before I knew it, I
was going to tour the streets of the capital with her.

Kuro, who seems to have some strange information regarding dating, had been
throwing a tantrum, saying that “if we don't meet up at an appointed place, it's
no good!”, so here I am, in front of the fountain where I first met Kuro.

The sun has just risen to its peak, and checking the time in my pocket watch,
it's about an hour before noon... I guess it's about 10 minutes before the time
we planned to meet up?

In the first place, it's quite strange to meet up with someone who always shows
up when I least expect it, so it's kind of refreshing waiting for Kuro like
this.

Kuro seems like she wanted to do the standard “Sorry, did you wait long?” and
“No, I just got here.” exchange, so but does she really need to elaborate on
this meet-up like yesterday? As a result of that, I arrived first here and
waited for her.

After waiting for a while, watching the people passing by, and although it was
also a standard, I heard a familiar voice coming from behind me.

[Kaito-kun. Sorry, did you wait long?]

[...No, I just got—here?]

[Unnn?]

As we discussed, I turned around, returning the words that Kuro wanted to hear,
but my thoughts froze right at that instant.

Kuro, who has just appeared, wasn't wearing the long coat so sloppy that it
could be mistaken for a robe that she always wears. Short-sleeved lace tunic
that gives the impression of being white and elegant, and brown shorts that seem
to complement her beautiful thighs that are as white as porcelain. The long
black coat that she usually had its shape changed to a sleeveless jacket, and
the hem that reaches below the knee matches well with her white tunic, and
although she was lightly dressed, her appearance still looks somewhat elegant.

...What should I do, she's absurdly cute. She is so cute that the lolicons would
give their thumbs up and those who aren't would be more inclined to consider
becoming one...

[Kaito-kun?]

[Ah, no... I was just a little surprised to see you dressed so differently.]

[Ah\~\~ I see. What do you think? Does it suit me?]

[Ah, yeah. It looks really good on you.]

[Ehehe, thanks!]

I think that bashful smile just now is foul play. Ah, this is bad. I'm starting
to feel very nervous.

It may be something that I'm shameful about for a 21-year-old man, but I had
only gone out with a woman once. Moreover, that one time was when I went out
with Lunamaria-san, which should show that my experiences in my previous world
is equivalent to zero.

It's the first time in my life that I've even been on a date with someone, and
no matter how much I recognize this as just going outside to hang out with Kuro,
it would be stranger for me if I'm not nervous at all.

Moreover, Kuro is a beautiful girl who is looking at me favorably. No matter how
familiar I am with her, I can't help but feel a blush rise on my cheeks when she
gives me that charming smile.

[S-Speaking of which, you're quite famous, Kuro, so is it okay for you to walk
around the city?]

For the time being, I'll try escaping to another topic. It's not because I think
I can't think of ways to praise her clothes and not be able to speak at all, or
for some lame reasons like that.

Kuro is the Underworld King, one of the pinnacle of the Demon Realm. Her face is
known from the previous Festival of Heroes, and she's a very famous existence
herself... If we were to put it like when I was back in my previous world, it's
like having a prime minister or the Emperor himself appearing in the city, which
would cause a great uproar... Though no one among the surroundings is causing
any ruckus. I wonder why?

As for that Information Concealment Magic, it should have just been a magic that
makes it so that a third party wouldn't hear information about them.

[Fufufu, I wouldn't make such a mistake! I've properly clad myself with
Information Concealment and Recognition Inhibition Magic, so they would know if
I talk to the person myself, but they wouldn't know I'm here unless I want to!]

Proudly puffing out her modest chest, Kuro said... The smug look she had on her
face is annoyingly cute.

[Hmmm, there's still a lot of things I don't understand about magic, but does
that mean that the nearby people wouldn't recognize Kuro as the Underworld
King?]

[Unnn. Or rather, it's more like they don't feel anything out of place when they
see me... Well, it's more like they would recognize me as a city girl you would
normally see walking around here.]

[I don't know if I should say I understand or not...]

[Ahaha, well, let's just put that aside and get going!]

As far as Kuro's explained, Recognition Inhibition Magic is, to put it simply,
even if they look at the situation where the Underworld King is walking around
the city, they would think it's natural—or perhaps, I should describe it as a
magic that would make people recognize it as a scene no different from their
everyday life? Well, it would be difficult to understand theoretically if you
think about it in detail... so it would be better to just recognize it as magic
that makes it so that they won't recognize Kuro is the Underworld King unless
Kuro directly converses with them. Therefore, during our date, they wouldn't
make a fuss about Kuro being the Underworld King.

[Speaking of which, where are we going today?]

Incidentally, the escort for this date(?) is Kuro.

Normally, it would have been me, the man, who should have been the one escorting
her, but I've only been in this world for about two weeks, and I've only been in
the city a few times, so it's difficult for me to do that.

That's why Kuro, who often visits the Symphonia Kingdom, is the one showing me
around the city.

[There are a variety of shops around here and we can go around there, but it's
almost lunchtime already. There's a place where food stalls gather a short walk
away from here, so let's go there first.]

[Oh, the food stalls of this world huh... That sounds like fun.]

[Unn, unnn. The Symphonia Kingdom has an advanced food culture, so there's lots
of good food around here\~\~]

Seeing the happy smile on Kuro's face, a smile inadvertently appeared on my face
as I nodded my head.

I don't know if my personality could be described as having a good match with
Kuro's innocent and cheerful personality, but I enjoy being together with her,
as a smile naturally appears on my face.

I'm tired after all the things that happened yesterday, and today, I'll enjoy
the opportunity of this short period of rest that Kuro has prepared for me.

[Now then, let's goooooo~!]

[Eh? Wait, Kuro?!]

[Unnn? What's the matter?]

After cheerfully declaring so, Kuro takes my hand with action that looks like
it's natural for her.

[N-No, my hand...]

[Aren't you supposed to hold hands on a date?]

[T-That really might be so but...]

[Then, it should be alright! Come on, let's go!]

[...Y-Yeah...]

After telling me like that as if it's natural, Kuro proceeded to pull my hand
and walked forward.

Wait a sec there, Kuro-san. Your guard is a little too loose!!! Or rather, your
hands are tiny and soft... Ah, I'm starting to get nervous again, even though
I'm starting to calm down... I guess this is also one of those days where I'm
going to be mentally struggling all day...

The area we arrived at under the guidance of Kuro is a different kind of
bustling place than the one we were in a while ago. When I heard the words “food
stalls”, I couldn't help but think of it as the festival stalls that could be
found back in my previous world, but the stalls lined up here look more like a
shopping street. There were many small shops lined up on both sides of the
street, and the people passing by all had a cozy, enjoyable atmosphere around
them.

I've heard from Kuro that the area where I've been shopping before is full of
large shops, especially those that deal in clothing and furniture, because there
are many mansions of nobles erected nearby.

On the other hand, it seems that the Adventurer's Guild and many apartment
complexes nearby this place, and that's why there are many shops here that deal
with food and drinks.

As one would have expected, it's currently lunchtime, so not only are there a
lot of people on this street, but I can also smell the appetizing scent of food
wafting in from the shops here and there. It's a good time to eat now anyway, so
we decided to have some lunch and then go walk around the city, and so, we came
to a restaurant that Kuro recommended.

There are benches and tables in front of the small wooden restaurant, and I
personally prefer the atmosphere of a restaurant that caters to the masses.

[Good afternoon\~\~]

[Oya? If it isn't the Underworld King. Welcome.]

When Kuro stood in front of the store and greeted them with a bright smile on
her face, a woman of delicate age who seemed to be Human came out of the store.

The woman, who looks like the owner of the store, notices Kuro and smiles back,
as if she had spoken with her before.

[I'm here to eat lunch\~\~]

[Thanks for your patronage. Oya? Is that child over there Underworld King's
acquaintance?]

[Unnn. He's Kaito-kun, a child from another world.]

[Ah, speaking of which, it was rumored that someone from another world had come
this year other than the Hero-sama. Welcome. Come and fill yourself up.]

[Ah, yes. Thank you very much.]

It seems that no matter which world it is, the aunties' talk skills are very
good. She then led us to our seats with a light conversation and sat down with
Kuro. Although we were led to our seats, this place isn't really a cafe or a
restaurant, so they didn't have a menu, but the shopkeeper auntie just led us to
our seats and began cooking our meals.

A few minutes later, as the scent of meat wafter around. It has meat and
vegetables of differing colors sandwich in between two pieces of beautifully
baked bread was brought over... Is that a baguette sandwich?

It's a visually stunning dish, comprising of a large piece of bread filled with
meat and vegetables sandwiched in between. This certainly looks delicious.

[Thank you for the wait, this is our special “Red Bear” sandwich! Now, dig in.]

[Yay\~\~]

[...........]

Is it just my imagination... Did the shopkeeper auntie just say this is a red
bear sandwich? When she mentioned bear, is she saying that this sandwich has
bear meat in it?

N-No, it might just be that bear meat is a common ingredient in this world
but... If possible, you shouldn't have told me before I ate it. You should have
at least told me after I took my first bite...

Unaware of the conflict within me, the auntie left after serving the food, and
Kuro was just like usual as she began to eat her red bear sandwich like it's
delicious, as if she's not bothered at all.

[You're not eating, Kaito-kun? It's delicious.]

[...Thank you for the food.]

I should change my perceptions. This is a different world, a world with common
sense different from my previous world. Besides, back in my previous world... or
rather, in Japan, bear meat may not be very common, but there were still some
places where you could eat bear meat.

That's right, let's just think of this positively. This is better unlike food
with mysterious monster meat whose flavor I couldn't even imagine.

[...Tasty.]

[Isn't it?! The food they make here in this shop is really good\~\~!]

I've heard that bear meat has a strong, gamey stink and taste, but this meat
doesn't have any stink at all. Rather than having any leftover gamey taste, it
tasted rather refined instead.

The taste of the meat itself is very light, but that's why it's not overpowering
and rather, matches the vegetables and the sweet and spicy sauce, so it doesn't
feel too heavy despite the volume of its appearance.

The scent and flavor of the bread, which is baked to be a little crusty,
splendidly combined in my mouth, and the sweet and spicy sauce increases my
appetite, making me want to take another bite.

Kuro, who had been watching me greedily devour the sandwich with a smile on her
face, suddenly began to look around and muttered while tilting her head, as if
she found something strange.

[...I feel like there are hardly any people nearby.]

[Really? I thought this place was pretty bustling already, so there are usually
more people here?]

[Unnn. The Adventurer's Guild is nearby after all. It should have been more
crowded here during lunchtime... But I hardly saw any adventurers today.]

Indeed, now that she mentioned it, I don't think I've seen many people who look
like they're weapon and armor-wielding adventurers.

Thereupon, the shopkeeper auntie, who may have heard Kuro's mutter, stopped
wiping another table and approached us.

[That's the thing though. There have apparently been sightings of a flock of
wyverns up north in the mountains. It looks like the Adventurer's Guild and the
Knight Order have been working together since this morning to take them down.]

[Heehhh\~\~ It's very unusual for a wyvern to build its nest so close to the
city.]

[D-Doesn't that sound pretty bad...]

Wyverns... A flying dragon with wings and hands integrated together. A monster
that can be considered as a standard in fantasies.

The name of the monster itself sounds quite frightening, but from the way the
auntie spoke about it, it seems that they were seen quite close to the city.
Moreover, with a herd of those wyverns, wouldn't they be able to cause damage in
the capital?

Thinking this, I timidly asked, and Kuro let out a small smile in response.

[Don't worry, wyverns have low intelligence compared to the dragons and they
were categorized as weak monsters.]

[I-Is that so...]

[Young man, you should take what she said with a grain of salt. The wyverns are
obviously as weak as ants for the Underworld King, but even one of them is a
terrifying monster for humans. That's why the Knight Order and the Adventurers
formed a subjugation team early on and set out to defeat them.]

[.........]

When Kuro just referred to the wyverns as weak monsters, the auntie corrects her
with a wry smile on her face.

If that's the case, as expected, it will be a pretty big battle to defeat those
wyverns. There might even be some injuries and deaths among the Knight Order and
the Adventurers.

It's not that I know any of the Knights or the Adventurers but... For instance,
if Kuro were to defeat those wyverns, wouldn't she be able to defeat them in an
instant without any of them having to get injured?

[...Kaito-kun. I can understand why you think like that, but that's no good.]

[...Eh?]

Sensing my thoughts, Kuro muttered in a serious tone, unlike the
lightheartedness she have earlier.

[This is a trouble that happened in this country... in the Symphonia Kingdom. I
shouldn't be carelessly involved in it.]

[.........]

[Sure, just like Kaito-kun thought, it'll be over in an instant if I go out
there. It doesn't matter if there are hundreds or thousands of wyverns, I'll be
able to take them out in an instant. But that's no good.]

A quiet, yet somehow solemn voice resounded.

Her golden eyes look straight at me, with the majesty of a real king dwelling
within them.

[As long as it takes the form of a monarchy, all the trouble that occurs within
its territory must be resolved by this country's power as much as possible. If
they would just keep on relying on Demons, they would lose the trust of their
own citizens and the “equal” relationship between Demons and Humans would be
destroyed. Of course, if I'm formally asked for assistance, I'll comply, and if
I think it's too much for the people to handle, I'll help... but as long as
that's not the case, I, as one of the Six Kings, can't just get involved in
every single thing for no reason.]

[.........]

I didn't even feel like refuting her. Indeed, the thoughts that came to my mind
were just based on my emotions, and Kuro's words are entirely correct.

This kind of situation made me realize that Kuro really is much older than me
and her ideas were more level-headed than mine.

After having said all that, Kuro's expression crumbles and a reassuring smile
appears on her face.

[Well, it will be alright. There are lots of excellent knights in this country,
and since they're near the city, that would also make them able to easily
restock the stuff they would need.]

[...If that's what Kuro says, I guess that's a relief.]

[Yeah, that's right. We've also got plenty of adventurers here, and they
certainly wouldn't want to be late in getting some shares in those wyverns.]

Finished eating lunch, both of us sat up from our seats and went to pay the
bill.

Food stalls are basically places where you pay in exchange for goods, and in
fact, this shop seems to be a place where you usually pay in advance.

However, it seems that the shopkeeper auntie's confidence in Kuro is so high, as
Kuro's her regular customer, it's alright for her even if Kuro pays later.

[Thanks for the food\~\~ It was delicious.]

[Ah, Kuro. Here's the money.]

[Eh? It's okay. I'm the one who invited you, so I'll pay for it\~\~]

[No, as expected, that is...]

When we walked towards the auntie to pay the bill, I called out to Kuro who was
taking out her purse, but she just said that it's her treat. However, even if
this is just a date for argument's sake and even if she is older than me, I'm
still feeling awkward having Kuro, who looks like a young girl, treat me.

[It's alright. Even with this appearance, I still have a decent amount of
money.]

[Decent you say, is there even anyone in this world who has more money than the
Underworld King?]

[Eh? Is Kuro really that rich?]

Hearing what Kuro cheerfully said, the auntie spoke with another wry smile on
her face.

Kuro doesn't usually wear a lot of accessories and she's mostly only eating
commoners' sweets, so I didn't really get the impression that she was rich...
The way the auntie is speaking, she's among the top in the world in terms of
wealth.

I guess that should be expected from the Underworld King? No, but where does she
get her income as the Underworld King?

[You don't know, young man? The Underworld King is the “Creator of Magic Tools”.
She would obviously get an outrageous amount of money for that.]

[...Ahh.]

Hearing what the auntie said, I began to understand why.

The Seditch Magic Tool Company, which has the largest market share in the world
when it comes to magic tools... The Chairman there is Sechs-san's subordinate,
and Sechs-san is Kuro's family. And if I carefully think back upon it, Sechs-san
may have said that the Chairman of that company is his subordinate, but he never
said that the Seditch Magic Tool Company is his own company.

To sum it up, Kuro was the one who created the Seditch Magic Tool Company huh...
In other words, Kuro is in an Honorary President-like position of the world's
largest company. With a position like that, she would obviously have money...

[......]

[Kaito-kun?]

[...Kuro, do you mind if I pay for this after all?]

[Eh? Why?]

I understand that Kuro is rich, and I can understand the reason why she insists
on paying.

However, as a man, I also have my own little pride, so I wanted to at least pay
for our meal.

Granted, the money I currently have was given to me by Lilia-san and I didn't
earn this myself, so I don't really think this is something I can say...

Hearing what I said, Kuro tilted her head in wonder. It was quite unusual since
she usually seems to know everything I'm thinking about... In the first place,
she was the one who wanted to do the standard exchange, and her knowledge
regarding stuff would usually be half-baked, so she may just be unfamiliar with
this type of relationship.

[...Underworld King-sama. Wouldn't it be uncouth to ask him the reason for
that?]

[Eh? Really?]

[Yes, that's right, there are just some things that men can't back down on.
Isn't that so? Young man.]

[Uuuuu... Yes.]

It seems that auntie noticed my petty vanity, telling me that with an amused
smile on her face, while Kuro is getting more and more curious as she tilted her
head.

[Well then, with both of your meals combined, it will be 12R... but since the
young man is showing his manliness, I'll just push it down to 10R.]

[Thank you very much. Well then, we'll be off.]

[Yes, indeed. Thank you. Come back when you want to eat again.]

The price was about 600 Yen per piece, which is very reasonable considering its
volume. It also tasted good, and I'll definitely come back for more.

However, I feel that this auntie might make fun of me because of this event, so
I'm a little anxious to come back...

After paying, I walked away from the store while pulling Kuro's hand, who was
still looking at me in wonder.

[So, where are we going next?]

[Let's see\~\~ We just finished having lunch, so let's just take a look around
for now. Ah, I think we should get something to drink.]

I said to Kuro as we walked down the street lined up with stalls again, and Kuro
replied with a bright smile on her face.

I nodded in response to Kuro's words, patting my chest in relief, as it seems
that she will not be pursuing the matter as advised by the shopkeeper auntie for
the time being.

It seems that she also had some recommended shops for drinks, so Kuro pulled my
hand and brought me to a stall... To a shop that somehow looks like a small
greengrocer.

[Hello\~\~ Do you have some Seal Fruit?]

[If it isn't Underworld King-sama, welcome. Seal Fruit, right? Yes, there's a
good one here.]

The man who seemed to be the shopkeeper smiled at Kuro and said a few words in
return. It seems that she's a frequent visitor to this area.

Listening to Kuro's request, the owner takes out a black spherical object about
30cm in diameter.

Is it that Seal Fruit? It kinda looks like an iron ball though...

[What about the hole?]

[I'll open it myself. I will just put two straws in it.]

[Yes.]

I would have paid for it again if I could, but Kuro refused to back down this
time, saying “This time is on me.”, so I just left it to her.

Kuro receives the mysterious black sphere and two straws from the shopkeeper and
pays him money.

But still... It seems that there are also straws in this world huh. I wonder
what they're made of? I don't think it's made of plastic, but based on its
color, probably wood? Or perhaps, is it made with some sort of grass? This might
also be something passed on by those who hold the role of Hero back then.

[By the way, Kuro, what the heck is that?]

[It's called Seal Fruit, and sealed within its husk are lots of fruit juice. The
husk covering it is hard, so you have to cut a hole in it to drink the
contents.]

In short, is it something like this world's coconuts? It certainly does resemble
it now that she told me that... Putting aside the fact that it's all black
though...

[Incidentally, I think the husk is about as tough as steel? I heard that these
were sometimes used to make armor.]

[...And how can you make a hole from a fruit with a husk as tough as steel?]

Correction, it isn't something similar to coconuts... It was completely
different from a coconut.

I got to touch it for a bit, and it certainly looks incredibly hard.

But if it's as strong as steel, seriously, how can you make a hole in it?
Wouldn't it be impossible unless you have a drill or something like that?

[Eh? I could just do this though?]

[...Wha?]

In response to my doubts, Kuro just nonchalantly pointed at the husk of the seal
fruit with her finger, and easily poked a hole in it as if it was something easy
to do... Wait a sec there, let me get this straight.

The Seal Fruit is a coconut-like fruit filled with juice inside, and its husk is
as tough as steel, that it is even used to make armor.

And now, Kuro just easily punched a hole in it with her finger... Which means,
Kuro can pierce through iron with just her finger? The heck, that's scary.

[Stop, let's put that aside for now. Kuro, that is... you only punch through one
hole, but why are there two straws in it?]

[Eh? I mean, when you're in a drink, both people have to drink in the same
glass, right?]

[.........]

Aaahhhhhhhhhh, shhheeeeetttt! I should have noticed it earlier.

Kuro has not only gained one-sided knowledge regarding my world, she's also not
very knowledgeable about love affairs.

And that is why we ended up in this situation. Two straws for one drink, just
like the ones that couples do.

[Come on, Kaito-kun. Drink along with me!]

[.........]

No no, please wait a second there. I've got something very important to tell
you.

We're not in a cafe, nor are we inside a shop. It's early afternoon, and we're
in the middle of a busy street.

Eh? Seriously, right here? You want me to drink that together with you, right
here? Doesn't that completely look like a penalty game?! No no, I would
seriously die from embarrassment if I were to do that!

[No, I...]

[...Kaito-kun, drinking together with me... Do you hate it?]

[...I'll drink it. Yes.]

I somehow tried to get away from that embarrassing situation, but I immediately
caved in when I saw Kuro's eyes staring at me with a forlorn expression on her
face. There was nowhere... for me to escape at all!

Slumping my shoulders, and gulping the saliva that gathered in my throat... I
spent the next few minutes playing back the scene of my humiliation, drinking
juice with Kuro right in the middle of the road.

I see. I heard that the juice from the seal fruit is very tasty... but in this
situation, I can't taste it at all!

![Insert 5](../../_Images/v01/Insert5.png#.insert)

I will answer one of the outrageous questions of this world.

I just had one of the most embarrassing experiences of my life. It's important
to note that I have no taste for things like that, nor do I get any pleasure
from doing it.

Nevertheless, on the main street early in the afternoon, I suffered a level of
psychological damage that almost amounted to a public execution... That's where
the cruel disparity exists.

It seems that Kuro is currently under the effects of two types of magic,
Information Concealment Magic and Recognition Inhibition Magic, so people around
her don't notice that she's the Underworld King unless she speaks to them
directly. It was a measure to prevent people from gathering around the famous
Kuro when I'm going with her, but this resulted in an explosion of damage
concentrated on me.

The fact that people around us perceive Kuro as an ordinary city girl means I
was perceived as a man in his 20s, drinking seal fruit like a couple in the
early afternoon with a little girl who was only about 140cm tall... Being
recognized as a lolicon by the people around us is already inevitable.

[Kaito-kun? What's the matter?]

[...Well, I was just thinking about how I'm going to walk around town from now
on...]

[Unnn?]

My shoulders slumped as I replied to Kuro, who was tilting her head in wonder
while still holding my hand.

If we were just holding hands, we would still have passed as a brother and
sister... No, wait. Speaking of which, haven't I heard from someone how the age
of marriage in this country is low? So, maybe that scene just now wasn't at a
level where it was disturbing for the nearby people... Then, it's probably okay,
right? No, leaving aside the psychological damage inflicted on my mind, what I
did might be safe for the public's eyes.

As we walked around while I'm thinking about this, I noticed that the atmosphere
around me had changed a bit.

The number of restaurants I could see has decreased and the small-scale shops
that look like street vendors were increasing.

[Somehow, doesn't it look like the atmosphere has changed a bit?]

[Unnn. There are lots of shops selling “Personally Created Magic Tools” around
here.]

[Personally created?]

[Most of the livelihood magic tools circulated in the market were made by one of
the Trading Companies, but as long as you have magic crystals, you can make your
own magic tools as well. Most of the Company-made Magic Tools are
cost-efficient, whereas most of the personally created ones are one-of-a-kind,
and there are lots of unusual ones among them, so you might find a bargain among
them.]

[Heeehhhh... That sounds interesting.]

Livelihood magic tools are an indispensable part of life in this world.

There are a variety of magic tools that I have seen and used in Lilia-san's
mansion, including magic tools that illuminate, release water, and make fire. In
a sense, it can be sad that they play the role of mechanical technology in our
world, and some of them even have performance that far surpasses that of my
previous world.

For example, in the room Lilia-san assigned to me, there is a magic tool that
regulates the temperature within a set range, which can make the room instantly
warmer or cooler with just a touch. If I had to describe it, its performance can
be said as the pinnacle of air conditioners, I wish it was available in my
previous world as well.

It seems that many of those magic tools are sold around here, and some of them
may even have special effects, and I was simply excited looking around for them.

There's a stall that has balls of water moving through the air, while there are
some with winds swirling around them.

As my attention was stolen away by this fantastical scene around the stalls, my
eyes were suddenly drawn to one of the signboards.

[...Spatial Movement Magic Tool? Err, what kind of magic tool is this?]

[Oh, customer has great eyes. This magic tool is great because it lets you
record a certain place, and teleport there in a fraction of a second.]

[That's amazing. Can it teleport you to far away places?]

[Of course. As expected, you can't teleport from the Human Realm to the Demon
Realm or the God Realm, but if it's within the Human Realm, that would be this
magic tool's forte! Furthermore, you can use this bad boy over and over again!
That means you can travel as much as you want with this magic tool.]

In response to my question, the shopkeeper casually explained.

It seems that this magic tool can do that so-called warp.

I guess recording a place means that you would have to visit the place at least
once before, but I still think it's an awesome magic tool... and I honestly want
it.

However, if it has that great of an ability... It would probably be expensive...

[By the way, how much is this?]

[We're having a sale today, so you could take it for just 30000 R!]

[30000 R huh...]

[...........]

As I thought, it really is quite expensive. Around 3 million yen, more than half
of what Lilia-san gave me before... but considering that I would be able to
teleport as much as I want, it might have been pretty cheap instead.

In fact, even if I have 50000 R, it doesn't seem like I will ever use it all up,
so should I buy it?

[Ummm, can I...]

[Stop right there, Kaito-kun.]

[Eh?]

I was curious and was going to ask for a more detailed explanation, but at that
moment, Kuro interjected.

After looking at the spatial movement magic tool once, Kuro speaks to the
shopkeeper.

[A one-time disposable magic tool costs 10000R, and you're saying that this
spatial movement magic tool that can be used multiple times costs 30000R?]

[What did you... say, ahh... Un-Un-Un-Un-Underworld King-sama?!]

The storekeeper looked astonished when he saw Kuro. I see, she hadn't spoken to
her earlier, so he hadn't noticed that Kuro was the Underworld King huh...

[For a magic tool with a performance that high, I'd say it would cost at least
500000R. I think that's at least 5 white gold coins... That's really cheap,
isn't it?]

[Ah, t-t-that is... errr...]

The shopkeeper who was clearly trembling, turned pale... And from the flow of
their conversation, there were apparently some flaws in this magic tool and I
was almost fooled.

Or rather, a magic tool for spatial movement would originally cost 50 at least
50 million huh...

[The magic crystal used for this... I guess it has around 30% purity, right? The
technique used to make it is also sloppy, and the best that it can do was
probably just allow you from one town to another, right? Moreover, with a magic
crystal of this size and purity, it would take “half a month” to reuse it once
it's used, right?]

[...Ah, no, errr...]

[Ku-Kuro? What do you mean by purity...]

[The higher the purity of a magic crystal, the more magic power it can store,
and the speed and efficiency of replenishing the reduced magic power from the
air will also increase. So, the higher the purity of the magic crystal, the more
expensive it is.]

[...Errr, does that mean that the magic crystal used for this is a cheap one?]

[Unnn. Moreover, it's pretty small. Spatial movement magic requires a large
amount of magic power the farther the distance you would travel, so if it's a
magic tool that's good enough to travel from one country to another, it would
need to have a magic crystal with at least 80% purity and about three times this
size to be able to properly use it.]

[..........]

I see, the shopkeeper certainly didn't explain the distance that it can teleport
you to or the time it takes to reuse it.

In other words, this magic tool can only transfer for about a few kilometers at
best, and moreover, once you use it, it will take more than two weeks before you
can use it, or the owner needs to replenish it with a large amount of magic
power.

Teleporting from one place to another certainly is its forte, and it can
certainly be used over and over again, but thinking back to what he said, he
hasn't said anything specific about this magic tool... how clever. If it weren't
for Kuro, I would have become an easy customer for him.

[...So? I'll have you know that this child is a very important friend of
mine...]

[P-Please accept my apologies!!!]

The shopkeeper, who was sweating profusely and with a really pale face that he
looks pitiful, after hearing Kuro's words, vigorously bowed down in a dogeza.
H-Hmmm. It's certainly true that he almost cheated me... But he had just
cleverly described it, he didn't tell a lie about it at all. There would be a
fine line if you're asking me to determine it as a scam or not.

Even if he had tricked me into buying this, it could be said that it was just me
being careless for buying something without checking carefully.

Moreover, considering that he was found out by an outrageous being named the
Underworld King, I can't even blame him myself. I mean, he's already crying
there...

[Kaito-kun, what do you think? Should I give him my scolding?]

[Hiiihhhh?!]

[N-No, it's fine. No real harm was done, and he already apologized, so...]

[Well, if that's what Kaito-kun says... If the next time I see you, you're still
doing the same thing... I'm going to get a little angry.]

[Y—Y-Y-Y-Yes. I won't do it again.]

Feeling a little sorry for this man in his late thirties who was crying while
desperately on a dogeza, we left that place and walked with Kuro through the
stall area again.

Thanks to Kuro, no real harm was done earlier, and in a way, I've learned a good
lesson.

[Kuro, can you tell me how to know the purity of a magic crystal when I see
one?]

[Hmmm. It's difficult to tell if you want clear details on how to tell its
purity, but it would be easy if you just want to roughly know a magic crystal's
purity, The higher the purity of a magic crystal, the darker its color is, you
can use that as criteria to tell a magic crystal's purity.]

[I see.]

Apparently, it seems that the more valuable a magic crystal is, the darker its
color becomes. That means the most expensive magic crystal is black in color...
Hmmm? Wait a sec...

The necklace that Kuro gave me. That necklace with Detection Magic imbued in it
was all black in color... Doesn't that mean that this necklace is absurdly
expensive?

Did Kuro just nonchalantly give me something so amazing to someone like me who
she had just first met? Seriously, how rich are you, Kuro...?

As we walk along the street filled with stalls, realizing once again how amazing
Kuro is in many ways, I suddenly felt an intense presence.

[...What's that?]

[...Hmmm. Something's coming.]

Apparently, Kuro felt it too, as we stopped walking and turned our gazes upward
at about the same time.

Immediately after that, we heard a scream-like cry, though I don't know where it
came from.

[It's wyverns!]

[?!]

Along with that scream, the surroundings became noisy all at once.

Before my line of sight... Seven large shadows that move as if they were
circling above the royal capital, monsters with green scales and huge wings...
The figures of several wyverns were there.

[Why are wyverns here?!]

[Did they fail to subjugate them? That's impossible?!]

[Q-Quickly call the Knight Order!]

Bellows and screams come from all around the place, as the obvious anomaly of
wyverns attacking the royal capital.

It appears that the strange presence I felt a moment ago was due to my Sympathy
Magic sensing the approach of the wyvern.

However, I wonder why I'm feeling this... It's just that the emotions I'm
feeling from the wyverns was... fear and uneasiness?

[Did they run away from the subjugation team?]

[Hmmm. I don't think they would engage in battle against the wyverns without
setting up a barrier spell first though... but seven of them are too small to be
considered as a flock, so I guess it's normal to consider them as survivors who
have escaped for their lives huh? They probably ran away from “something that
wasn't the subjugation team”.]

Kuro calmly replied to my mutters, but the situation is quite tense.

So to speak, there are wounded beasts flying in the sky, and it wouldn't be
strange if it attacked at any moment.

They are circling in the sky right now, but if all of them attacked at once...

[Ku-Kuro...]

[Kaito-kun. Do you remember what I said before?]

[...Eh?]

[I told you earlier about how I'm staying out of the trouble that's in this
country for no reason... That is to say, I would only get involved if I had a
reason for that.]

In response to the flustered me, Kuro replied with words that sounds like quiet
mutters.

She sounds indifferent when she quietly said that, but why is it from within
those words... I feel anger?

[...Even though I'm finally having my fun date with Kaito-kun...]

[U, Ummm, Kuro—wha?!]

With words that sounded like she's trying to hold back her anger, Kuro snapped
her fingers.

Thereupon, a huge magic circle appears in the sky above, filling my field of
vision.

[I was really looking forward to today. I've been all dressed up... So... When
someone just suddenly intrudes... I'm going to be angry, you know?]

Immediately afterwards, the sky above turned black as if it was being dyed in
paint.

A little while later, the black sky returned to its original color, and the
seven wyverns that used to be circling in the sky weren't there anymore, not
even their shadows could be seen.

[..........]

[And with that, those hindrances disappeared... Come on, Kaito-kun, let's
continue our date!]

[...U-Umm, Kuro...-san? What the heck just happened?]

[Unnn? They got in the way of our date, so I got rid of them with “Spatial
Annihilation Magic”.]

[...I-Is that so.]

Spatial Annihilation Magic?! The heck is that, that sounds really frightening
even with the name of the spell though?! Did you just erase them? Did you just
annihilate all of them?

A-As expected of the Underworld King... That title of hers isn't just for
show... It clearly should have been a crisis for the country, but she just ended
everything with a snap of her fingers. I mean, those wyverns that disappeared
after seconds of their entry are too pitiful. I never dreamed that the day would
come when I would feel sorry for wyverns.

Even though trouble happened, the person I'm with is almost the strongest being
in the different realms of this world, so our date continues without any
problems.

[Look, look, Kaito-kun! They're selling a condiment that was popularized by
someone who held the role of Hero.]

[...Mayonnaise? Heehhh... So this condiment was passed down to this world too
huh.]

[I guess this is a good time for me to try a new flavor!]

[Just don't put it alone in a baby castella.]

[Ehh?]

[No, You don't “Ehh?” at that...]

Looking around the market where the food ingredients are sold...

[Heeehhh... There are so many different colored flowers for sale. Looking at
them makes me feel like I'm really in a different world.]

[Ah, Kaito-kun. That flower could “bite” you, so be careful.]

[What did you say?! Or rather, why didn't you say that first?]

[Ahaha, sorry, sorry. However, those flowers taste great.]

[...No, no, even if you tell me that, I wouldn't know.]

Almost bitten by a strange colored flower in a flower shop...

[Kaito-kun, which do you think suits me more?]

[Hmmm. Kuro normally wears black clothes, so wouldn't the silver necklace suit
you better?]

[I see\~\~ But this one's quite short. It might snap if I go into my Demon Beast
Mode.]

[...and what is this Demon Beast Mode?]

[It's when I take the form of a Demon Beast. I think I would turn into a beast
about the size of Acht.]

[I'm sorry, even if you tell me that, I wouldn't know.]

Window shopping at a shop that sells ornaments...

[Kaito-kun, I bought some meat skewers\~\~ Let's eat.]

[Yeah, thanks... Yes, it's good, but this meat tastes kinda unusual. What kind
of meat is this?]

[This is the meat of a “Tyrant Worm”.]

[Pfuuu?!]

Surprised by the ingredients used in the other world...

[What book are you buying?]

[Hmmm. Preferably one that I can read in my free time, but I wonder what's good
to read?]

[Then, how about this? It's a book about the dramatization of the story of the
First Hero.]

[Heeehhh, the story of the First Hero huh, that sounds interesting. I knew that
the First Hero is an amazing person, but I wonder what she was like?]

[Unnn? Kaito-kun has “met” her before though.]

[...Eh?]

Shocked from the truth that came to light in the bookstore...

[Kuromu-sama, excuse me for interrupting.]

[Uwhoaah?! E-Ein-san?! When did you...]

[What's the matter?]

[We received a message carried by a hummingbird sent from the royal palace,
asking to directly meet you to thank you for your recent subjugation of the
wyvern.]

[...I'm in the middle of a date though...]

[Understood. We will now conduct a “bloodbath”.]

[I'll leave it to you\~\~]

[No, no, you shouldn't say “I'll leave it to you\~\~” there though?! Ein-san
stop, stahp!!!]

Just when I think that the threat of the wyverns in this country is gone,
realizing that another threat (the maid) is about to befall the royal palace...

We passed our time like that, there were some hectic times and times filled with
fun, and before I knew it, time went by in a flash.

[That's quite a day\~\~ I had lots of fun\~\~]

[Yeah. I feel like some absurd stuff happened here and there though, but it
certainly was fun.]

Sitting side by side with Kuro at the fountain at the plaza as the sun sets, we
exchanged words as if we were immersing ourselves for the lingering memories of
the day.

Time flew by so quickly. When was the last time I spent a day this boisterous,
yet fun?

[Kuro...Thank you for today.]

[Unnn? I also had lots of fun. Let's go out together again!]

As Kuro looked at me with a big smile on her face,I also thanked her with a
smile of my own.

Today has been really fun, and I've learned a lot of things I didn't know
before.

But at the same time, I've realized once again that since I came to this world,
Kuro has given me lots of things... and how I've always been in her care.

And at the same time, I've also realized that I didn't know Kuro at all.

It's like Kuro knows everything about me, but I only know a small part of how
great she is as the Underworld King. Until now, I was okay even with that. She's
on a completely different level from me, and it's only natural that I don't
understand such things...

However, spending time with Kuro today made me want to get to know her better. I
felt like I don't want to be just the only one receiving, I also wanted to give
something back.

[...We still have lots of time, there's no need to rush it.]

[...Yeah.]

...As I thought, she saw through what I'm thinking.

We've only been in this world for a little over two weeks, and I don't think
we've spent much time together yet.

That's no reason for me, the length of time we've had together doesn't matter...
I thought such things were only happening in stories.

...I admit.

Before I knew it, this feeling was born in my heart so naturally that I didn't
even realize it was there.

Towards this innocent, cheerful, free-spirited and kind out-of-the-norm
demon—I'm feeling attracted to her...

I thought Kuro is someone formidable that I can only wallow in regret. After
all, she's strangely sharp regarding my habits, but thoughtless and dull
regarding relationships like this. I guess you could say it's a reckless
challenge in a way... but like Kuro said, there's no need to be impatient
because we still have lots of time.

Let's get to know her little by little, let's get closer to her heart little by
little.

[Kuro, I don't know when the next time will be... But can I ask you out next
time?]

[...Unnn. I'm looking forward to it.]

For the time being, let's start by becoming aware of this feeling today.

And after that, let's put those thoughts into action... Honestly, I'm new to all
of these, and I have lots of concerns... but let's do our best.

Perhaps, this may be the biggest change in me that I've seen since I came to
this world. In my original world, I kept escaping from getting involved with
other people, but in this world, I met a mysterious Demon, and that girl saved
me and made me smile from the bottom of my heart.

---

Wyverns broke into Kaito and Kuromueina's date. Seeing this, Kuromueina thought
that it was too early for them to show up in the city after engaging the
subjugation team. At the same time, she wondered if they're running away from
something that isn't the subjugation team...

Her prediction was correct. The wyverns weren't escaping from the subjugation
corps. They were desperately attempting to escape from “a being more frightening
than that”.

Let's move the time a little bit. In the mountainous area north of the royal
capital... Discovered there was one of the largest ever flock of wyverns
observed, with numbers nearly a hundred. The information was immediately relayed
to the neighboring areas, and no one but the subjugation team could approach
that mountainous area... is what should have been.

But now, there was a girl quietly climbing up the mountain where the nest of the
wyverns was found. Long hair as white as snow, crimson red eyes, and a blue
dress, she was a beautiful girl who had both beauty and cuteness.

Her delicate appearance is disproportionate for someone who is climbing a
mountain, having a stature that's too small to face the wyverns... but when the
wyverns saw her, all of them simultaneously began “shaking”.

The wyverns might have survived if they had abandoned their nest and immediately
fled.

However, the wyverns were so terrified that they let out a threatening roar, not
knowing that it was an inexcusably foolish move.

[...Hindrance.]

A single word from her pale pink lips was enough to extinguish the life out of
the flying dragons. Just like bugs, the dead wyverns fell down the ground. Even
though they received no external injuries, their life was already extinguished.
You must not confront that girl. When you see the girl, you must flee
immediately. If you're unable to do that, only “death” awaits you... In this
world, these words are considered as common sense.

It was precisely because she is the most feared being in this world... The
Absolute that is even known as the symbol of death.

In the red eyes of the Incarnation of Death... The Death King, Isis Remnant...
They no longer reflect the presence of the insignificant bugs who stood before
her path. However, the time when the Incarnation of Death appears before
Kaito... is a story for another time.
