---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 3: The Blessing of the White God

By the time I returned to the road, which was completely shrouded in the
darkness of the night, and arrived at Lilia-san's mansion, it was almost
midnight already.

[Welcome back, Miyama-sama.]

[Lunamaria-san. Sorry, I'm late.]

[No, Milady and the others have just returned a short while ago, so it's not
that you're that late.]

I apologized to Lunamaria-san, who probably heard the sound of the carriage at
the door and came out to greet me, even though it's already this late, but I was
told that Lilia-san and the others had also coincidentally just returned a few
minutes ago.

[How was the dinner party?]

[Yeah, I had a lot of fun.]

[I'm glad to hear that. Milady has been worried about you a lot so...]

Unnn. It kind of feels strange, but comparing the two of them once again, I feel
that the atmosphere between Ein-san and Lunamaria-san is different. Ein-san has
polished her abilities to the limits, not having any gaps in her work while on
the other hand, Lunamaria-san is a little more laidback, how should I say this,
she's treating being a maid as work. They're both maids but they have different
atmospheres—or perhaps, is it just Ein-san that's strange...?

As I was thinking about this, I was led to the dining room, and after greeting
back Lilia-san and the others, we had tea together and talked about what had
happened to each of us.

[...I see, a Demon that used to be an otherworlder huh... That's a really rare
instance.]

[Right. I've heard that there were some of those who held the role of Hero who
wanted to live here permanently in the past. but for one to have reincarnated as
a Demon...]

[I forgot to ask this to Neun-san, but in the first place, is there even a way
to reincarnate a Human into a Demon?]

In the middle of our conversation, as expected, Lilia-san and the others were
particularly interested in the story of Neun-san, a former Japanese.

Neun-san said she was reincarnated with Kuro's power as if it's normal, so I had
only been aware that it was actually possible for such a thing to happen, but
both Lilia-san and Lunamaria-san had surprised looks on their faces.

[I can't say that there isn't a way. In fact, there was a Human with the same
description as Kaito-san described, but she had lived hundreds of years before.
Among the high-ranking Demons who have lived for so many years, there are many
who have their own secret techniques that are still unknown to us humans.]

[However, to have such power that's able to change not only their lifespan, but
also their original race... The high-ranking demon that Miyama-sama got to know
must have been at least a “Count-rank”... It can even be a “Duke-rank”
high-ranking demon.]

[That rank stuff you're talking about, is that the ranking between the Demons?]

[Yes, the Demon Realm doesn't have the same aristocracy and ranking system as
the Human Realm, but it's not uncommon for a single powerful demon to be
compared with a title to rank their strength for the sake of convenience. The
strength of a Count-rank Demon alone would be enough to rival the strength of a
nation and within the vast Demon Realm, there are only a handful of them who are
as powerful as the God Realm's High-ranking Gods, such as she who even rose to
Duke-rank. At the very least, they aren't ones who you can just meet even if you
want to.]

There's no doubt that Kuro is a high-ranking demon with tremendous power, but it
seems that she's even more extraordinary than I'd imagined.

However, if she's that extraordinary, I don't think it would be strange if
Lilia-san and Lunamaria-san were able to recognize her name, is what I thought
but...

[...Ah, I hadn't told Kaito-san and the others yet, but a lot of high-level
Demons often use Information Concealment Magic on a regular basis, so a third
party wouldn't be able to get information about them.]

[Eh? What does that mean?]

[Using our earlier conversation as an example, Kaito-kun, even if you normally
tell us the name and stuff like that about the high-ranking demon, that magic
would prevent us from hearing about it. We would be able to hear it if we
ourselves are aware of their existence, but we won't be able to get any
information from Kaito-san.]

[From Miyama-san's story earlier, the only ones we've been able to hear are
Neun-sama, Acht-sama and Razelia-sama. As for the other people you mentioned, we
couldn't hear about how many they are, their appearance or the contents of your
conversations.]

[I-Is that so...]

Information Concealment Magic... Indeed, if we assume that Kuro is a
high-ranking demon higher than or equal to Count-rank, she would be an existence
that has the power to rival the country's war potential alone, and if she were
walking around town, it might cause a commotion.

[For instance, me and Luna naturally know the name and appearances of the Six
Kings but... For example, if Luna mentioned the name of the Underworld
King-sama, it would be like our words wouldn't be recognized in Kaito-san and
the others' brains, as if you didn't hear anything at all.]

[Information Concealment Magic is a very advanced type of magic, and if it's
always deployed, it consumes a tremendous amount of magic power, making it
impossible to normally use unless you're a high-ranking mage. So, whether or not
someone can use Information Concealment Magic is one of the criteria for judging
their rank. Well, there is no one who can use Information Concealment Magic
among the Humans, so there's still a lot of unknown for us about the effect of
that magic...]

Lunamaria-san added to Lilia-san's explanation.

Hmmm. In other words, among the people I got to know this time, Neun-san, Acht
and Raz-san are ordinary demons, while Sechs-san and Ein-san are classified as
high-ranking demons.

I've been practicing magic under the guidance of Kuro, but I still haven't even
been able to clad myself with my magic power, but when I think about it, I think
I can understand how powerful the High-ranking Demons are for their ability to
constantly deploy that magic with very poor fuel efficiency.

[Well, there are some beings who don't bother using Information Concealment
Magic... “War King Megiddo Argetes Borgnes-sama”, “World King Lillywood
Yggdrasil-sama”, “Dragon King Magnawell Baskus Lardo Kurtzvald-sama” doesn't use
Information Concealment Magic, so everyone should be able to hear their
names...]

Whoa, a bunch of awfully long names were given in rapid succession. No matter
which world it may be, would it be as I thought, that all kings would have long
names?

Come to think of it, one of the names there sounds familiar. Wasn't the Dragon
King's name the one that Acht had used as an example of how big he was?

[I can tell just from hearing their names that they sound like great people, but
why aren't the three of them using that Information Concealment Magic?]

As I was thinking about this, Kusunoki-san expressed the same doubts I had.

[The reasons are different for each of them. Though it isn't like we asked them
directly about it either... but it's simply because War King-sama doesn't like
things like hiding. World King-sama has a large number of followers, and I
suppose she herself is an object of faith in some areas. As for Dragon
King-sama... He has a physique so huge that it could even be mistaken for a
mountain range, so it wouldn't make much sense trying to hide at all.]

[...I think I've learned once again how outrageous of an existence these Six
Kings are.]

The Dragon King was even bigger than I imagined?! Saying that he's around the
size of a mountain range, that's like over thousands of meters?! Compared to
that, even the 5 meter tall Acht really might look like a child. If a being of
that size were to move around, I think that just walking around would be enough
to cause an earthquake...

[Well, we won't have the chance to meet the Six Kings in person for the time
being, but you can still see them during the Festival of Heroes.]

[That is... I don't know if I should look forward to it or be frightened for
that day...]

[Normally, even nobles don't have the opportunity to get to know high-ranking
Demons. Moreover, you even ate together with them... That's quite an odd
situation you got into, isn't it, Miyama-sama?]

[I guess you could say that you have talent in having good connections with
others. If a high-ranking Demon remembers your name, you could even say that
alone will give you some kind of power... Please do treasure those connections
that you've built up.]

[Ah, yes.]

If you indeed look at it that way, I guess I'm quite lucky even just being able
to interact with these tremendous beings. Unnn, I have lots of things on my
mind, but let's just think that situation is a plus for me.

How someone that even nobles wasn't able to get to know very often, comes to
visit me every night and would even teach me magic... thinking about it again,
that's quite an outrageous situation I am in.

[Putting that aside, wouldn't it be better for Milady if you could get a bit of
Miyama-sama's talent?]

[Ugghhh... Indeed, Kaito-san's social skills are something to be emulated. If
you have some tips you could partake in, would you please teach me...]

[...H-Hahaha...]

For some reason, I can't help but bitterly smile back at Lilia-san, who's
looking at me with respect.

I—I can't tell them... I can't tell them that I was just a loner who didn't even
have any friends in my former world. These relationships I currently have are
just the result of being swept around by Kuro, and my communi-power is actually
as small as a water flea...

It's already late in the night, and since we will be going to the temple to
receive blessings tomorrow, our conversation with Lilia-san and the others was
cut short after about half an hour, and each one of us took our baths and got
ready for bed.

Just at that moment though, I remembered about the souvenirs Neun-san gave me
and talked to Lilia-san about it... Since it's food from my hometown, she just
told me to share it with the three of us. And so, I decided to take her up on
her offer, so I asked Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san to gather in my room.

The three of us would be together in that room, so to be honest, it doesn't
really make any difference which room we get together in, but no matter how
temporary it may be, I still wouldn't feel comfortable intruding upon a woman's
room.

[So, Miyama-san. What is it that you want to talk about?]

[Ah, actually, I forgot about it earlier... I received some souvenirs from the
former Japanese, Neun-san, that I've talked about earlier. I thought about
talking to the both of you about it.]

As Kusunoki-san asked me, the faint scent of soap wafting in the air, I briefly
answered, took out the magic box and briefly explained its function. Then, I
took out the main items, onigiri and takuan.

[?!]

[T-That is...]

Should I say that it's to be expected or their reactions were quite surprising,
their eyes were glued to the white rice on the table, and although they weren't
gulping down like I did, I'm sure the two of them are looking at these Onigiris
as though they are divine treasures from heaven.

[Mi-Mi-Mi-Miyama-senpai?! Thi-this is the real thing, right...? This is rice,
right?!]

[Ah, unnn. It seems that Neun-san grows it for herself, and she was concerned
about us, so she gave us a lot of it. Not just onigiri, she also gave us some
white rice that was just normally cooked, and she also shared some seasonings
like miso and soy sauce.]

[W-Would you really mind if we have some?]

When I explained to Yuzuki-san, who asked for some for her to eat, Kusunoki-san
also asked me while staring at the onigiri.

[That should be obvious. But because they were stored in my magic box, you'll
have to tell me when you want to eat them. I've really got a lot of them, and
I've already talked to Lilia-san about it, so you can start eating for breakfast
tomorrow if you want.]

[Whhoooaa, great. I'm deeply moved!]

[Ahaha, because everyone has their own preferences, I also got a lot of
ingredients for the miso soup, but unfortunately, we don't have any tofu yet. We
did get some chives though, so I think we can make quite a few different
combinations.]

Yuzuki-san's tension was rising as she spoke, and she came closer and closer to
me as if in proportion to that.

Unnn. I know you're happy, but let's not do that kind of move when you're
wearing light clothing just after you took a bath. I won't specify what I'm
talking about, but it's hard to look at it because those bountiful fruits are
shaking greatly.

Then, it occurred to me that I had something I could take out right now for
them, and there's also so that I could divert Kusunoki-san's gaze that have been
gradually turning colder from earlier, perhaps because she noticed that my eyes
are swimming along Yuzuki-san's movements.

[Well, here, drink this and calm down, will you...]

[That... Could it be?]

[Unnn, green tea... We also got some dango and youkan, but we're about to sleep,
so please endure it with this for now.]

Yuzuki-san's excitement died down thanks to the green tea I handed to her. She
then started drinking her tea with a cute smile on her face that kind of reminds
me of a small animal.

It seems that Kusunoki-san, seeing Yuzuki-san's condition, also began to drink
her tea. It seems like it won't end up with me being scorned or anything like
that huh.

My honor is at stake here, so I'd like to say this here and now, but it's not
like I like them big or anything like that. If you're asking me what I like
though, I would say either way is fine, but I like it if they have a slender
figure.

However, I don't know if it's because of the sad fate or it's because of men's
nature... But if Yuzuki-san's larger than average high school girl's breast
moved in front of me, it would be an irresistible instinct for me to be tempted
and turn my eyes towards them, so I hope you will forgive me for that.

...Who the heck am I making excuses for anyway?

As I was laying out such excuses in my head for a reason I don't understand,
Yuzuki-san, who had taken a break from drinking tea, turned her glittering eyes
to me for some reason.

[...I think Miyama-senpai is the type of senpai who'd deal with something when
his heart is set upon something!]

[...What?]

[I agree. I've honestly changed my opinion of you for a bit... but you're indeed
an elder that we can rely on.]

[...]

Yuzuki-san, who is already giving me a glittering and respectful look, nodded
her head in agreement with Kusunoki-san, sincerely nodding along.

I want everyone to wait for a moment though. Just for bringing them rice—No, not
just because of the rice, but just because I brought back several Japanese
ingredients, my stock price in their eyes tremendously rose?!

Or rather, I'd like it if we could at least spend an hour or so talking about
how low my evaluation is in your eyes!!!

I finished explaining about the white rice, saying that it's not because of my
achievements, but because Neun-san was just being concerned about us, but since
I've eased up a bit with the two of them, I took the opportunity to ask them
about what happened in the royal capital.

[W-Well... Anyway, what I'm saying is that you can always tell me if you want to
eat. Speaking of which, we ended up just talking about me earlier, but how did
it go over there? How is Mitsunaga-kun doing?]

[Yes. As expected of the royal palace, they had a very luxurious party but... we
were so withered from the atmosphere, that even though it's embarrassing to say,
we mostly relied on Lilia-san for conversation and such.]

[As for Seigi... Well, he was in perfect shape.]

Hmmm\~\~ Should I say it's as I thought or something like that, but looking at
their expressions, I guess they didn't seem to have much time to enjoy
themselves huh? No, well, that should be obvious... they were only surrounded by
unknown noble strangers, so it would be impossible for them not to be withered
from the party.

[I see, so Mitsunaga-kun was treated as a state guest huh?]

[That's right\~\~ He's probably treated very well. It was like he was talking to
me from above some kind of pedestal that I thought about hitting him a couple of
times.]

[W-Well, see, it looks like he's going to be busy going around places, so it's
better than him being down, right?]

[Well, that's true but...]

Hmmm, I don't know Mitsunaga-kun that much but... From the way he looked when we
were summoned, he looked like he's someone who had read that kind of light
novel, but this world is already peaceful, so it wouldn't be hard for me to
understand why people would get carried away if they were pampered in all sorts
of ways.

However, Yuzuki-san looks surprisingly bitter about it? As I recall, she said
she was childhood friends with Mitsunaga-kun, so maybe they have an unreserved
relationship.

Fumu, but Mitsunaga-kun looked like he's someone who'd be studying in
humanities... He was Yuzuki-san's childhood friend and Kusunoki-san's kouhai,
wasn't he?

It's not necessary to think about it again, but both Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san
are beautiful girls. They are close enough to each other to go to and from
school together, and Yuzuki-san also had a dreamy attribute of being his
childhood friend—Arehh? In the end, isn't he a winner even back in our previous
world?

[Well, I'm also relieved to see that my kouhai seems to be doing well. It seems
that he will be leaving the royal capital soon to travel around the country, so
if our timing isn't right, we won't be able to see him again for the time
being.]

[I honestly think that idiot should get some beating though.]

[Fumu... Isn't Mitsunaga-kun Kusunoki-san or Yuzuki-san's lover?]

[Eh? That's not possible.]

[He's just my kouhai, you know?]

I took the opportunity to ask them about the thing I was curious about, but what
I got was a straight-faced NO. It didn't even seem like their hearts skipped a
beat—I don't know for what exactly, but I'm sorry, Mitsunaga-kun. I'm sorry that
I strangely thought of you as one of those riajuus who should explode...

As I was thinking about this, Yuzuki-san approached me and whispered.

[It's just between you and me, but the reason Seigi joined our club is because
he's aiming for Aoi-senpai. Look, Aoi-senpai is pretty, has good grades and is
very popular... Well, Aoi-senpai doesn't look like he felt anything just now
though.]

[Ah\~\~ I see.]

[...?]

Kusunoki-san certainly looked like someone who'd be very popular. She also
looked like the role model of a flower from the highest peak, unreachable for a
mere mortal's hands.

However, even if she said that Kusunoki-san is popular, Yuzuki-san seemed like
she would be popular too. She's cheerful, energetic and seems to get along with
everybody easily... Ah, come to think of it, isn't there another boy they're
going home with? Am I that influenced by the games and all the stuff I've read
that I've imagined some kind of complex quadrilateral relationship between them?

[Rather than that, I also thought that Mitsunaga-kun and Hina-chan were lovers.]

[Please stop, Aoi-senpai. I'm really getting goosebumps here...]

[Y-You disliked being called lovers that much?]

Apparently, it's not like she's being embarrassed about it or something like
that, but she just really disliked it. It seems that it didn't turn into those
stories in games as I thought.

Ah, but... Speaking of games, there was a quest like that in an online game I
played with a high school setting, isn't there\~\~. I remembered a storyline
where they were childhood friends and the guy had romantic feelings for her, but
the girl doesn't feel anything for him at all. If I remember it correctly,
wasn't it about helping that guy who doesn't realize it at all with various ways
to approach the girl, or something like that?

In the end, the guy's love was fruitless and he ended up just running around
like a hamster in his wheel. However, I remembered that the dialogue of other
NPCs and other things that came up during the quest was unique and
interesting... If I remember correctly...

[ [ Even though you're just childhood friends, it's like you're trying to
anticipating something far ahead of—Eh? ] ]

[Yeah?]

Arehh? I feel like something strange happened just now.

Ah, yes, I remembered the development of the online game I used to be addicted
to, and that line that was stuck in my head just popped out of my mouth... But
for some reason, I synced up with the girl who seemed to have no connection to
such things.

Kusunoki-san, who was about to say something identical or rather, the exact same
line that I was about to say, looked at me and her eyes widened as if she
couldn't believe it.

And after a few seconds of silence in front of Yuzuki-san, who can't follow
along with the situation and is just tilting her head, Kusunoki-san hesitantly
opens her mouth.

[...Miyama-san. Can I ask you one question?]

[Y-Yeah. Go on.]

[A newbie is looking for a new place to hunt. Slime, Goblin, Orc... What would
you recommend?]

[...Buy some equipment from a store in town and go with Orc.]

[...]

Kusunoki-san mentioned very famous monsters that would appear in many games.
Many people would be under the impression that the slime would be the weakest of
all if they were just listed based on their names, but I responded with the Orc.

Because in the online game I was playing, the slimes are monsters that appear in
a field or dungeon by the sea, and not only would you need to be a good player
just to get to its habitat, they are intermediate-level monsters with a fairly
high status.

The status of a goblin alone is lower than that of an orc, but the Goblin King
boss monster appears in the field where the goblins are located, and the large
number of goblins themselves makes it easy to be surrounded by them, so it isn't
a place that could be recommended for newbies.

In comparison, Orcs can be defeated with equipment that can be purchased from
NPCs in the city, and the fields in which they appear are close enough to the
city that they can easily replenish their stock and recover their health, making
them a monster that even newbies can easily hunt.

There is a separate field where the High Orcs are found, and the boss monster,
the Orc King, appears in that field, so bosses do not appear in the Orc's field.

So, for newbies, buying store-bought equipment and using orcs to get to level 20
or so is a template for the online game I used to play, making it an ironclad
training course.

[...Can I also ask something?]

[Please do so.]

[I've put together a party to hunt the Earth Dragon. What's the easiest
formation to hunt it?]

[A Thief as tank, a Monk with Barrier skill, and a Mage with Fire Magic.]

[...]

By the way, the Earth Dragon is a high grade monster with an absurdly high
attack power, but it only performs physical attacks at close quarters and is
extremely vulnerable to magic.

Therefore, rather than bringing high defense and high HP jobs such as Knights
and the like, the combination of the skill of a Thief who has a certain chance
of avoiding melee physical attacks and a Monk's Barrier skill, which blocks
melee physical attacks up to a certain number of times, was very effective, and
it was a popular monster that could be hunted by a party of a minimum of three
people, making it a monster with a delicious amount of easy experience points.

Unnn, well, that means that it's pretty much what I think. Kusunoki-san was also
playing that online game I was into in high school. Moreover, she was probably a
pretty advanced player.

The world is a strange place where you could find common topics to talk about,
and as Kusunoki-san and I looked at each other—we smiled.

The discovery of unexpectedly having something in common with Kusunoki-san made
our conversation more lively than I had expected, and I think I was able to get
to know both of them pretty well. Well, Yuzuki-san wasn't able to keep up with
our conversation about the internet game and was now slightly sulking...

Unexpectedly, Kusunoki-san has been playing internet games since she was in
elementary school, and the total number of years that she had been playing the
game was longer than me, who had retired from the game when I entered
university.

However, perhaps because of her diligent character, she seems to be a light user
who only connected for about an hour a day and I seemed to be of a much higher
level than her, which made me reflect on my past.

I've been surprised at the fact that she has been playing internet games since
she was in elementary school, but I've actually seen and heard of players like
that when I was still playing the game and there have been some of them among
the players who were close to me... It kind of makes me nostalgic thinking about
it.

There was a newbie child I happened to meet back then, and as I taught them
various things, we became friends. I thought they were close to my age or older,
as they had been very polite and always using honorifics while we were chatting,
and they seemed to be a smart guy, with a good memory and a good head on their
shoulders, so I remembered being surprised when they told me that they're 11
years old.

I remembered back when I was retiring from the game, they were pretty supportive
of me, even though I was pretty much saying goodbye to them... I wonder how
they're doing now? Are they still playing that game, or have they already
retired from that game like me...? Even though we were close, our relationship
is just something online. There's no way for me to confirm it now, but I hope
they're doing well.

As the two of them returned to their room while I was thinking about that, it
was almost time for the date to change before I knew it. We are going to the
temple tomorrow, so I've decided to switch my mind away from reminiscing
nostalgic memories about the past and went to bed.

The landscape slowly flowed past our eyes.

[What do you think the temple would be like?]

[Hmmm. If I were to imagine what it would be like, as expected, it would be like
those Greek temples?]

[That's a very rough image you have there... Not that I don't understand why you
imagined it like that though...]

Looking out the window of the carriage, Yuzuki-san talked with me with a
slightly higher intensity, while the calm and composed Kusunoki-san joined the
conversation.

Hmmm. I guess the power of white rice is that great. I feel like the awkwardness
from our previous conversations is now a lie. Could this be that? Does it feel
like my communipower has leveled up and I've become a little more sociable?

We're currently having a short break after eating our breakfast, as we're
heading to the temple where God lives to receive his blessing.

[Speaking of which, Lilia-san. I forgot to ask before, but what exactly does a
blessing do?]

[Ah, that was on my mind too!]

[Let's see... To put it simply, you will get God's Divine Protection... Would it
be easier to think of it as a kind of defense-oriented magic that they cast upon
you? Since we're heading to Temple of Health this time, I guess you could think
of it as a magic that prevents illnesses.]

I see, it might certainly be easier to imagine it like that.

And while the blessings received from priests, in other words, an ordinary
human, are basically just spells, it is said that the blessings cast directly by
God have a definite effect.

However, there's a fee—I'll say this again. There apparently is a fee for a
blessing. That's quite materialistic of you, oh Gods...

[...You pay for it huh.]

[...Errr, I think I know what you're thinking... but since that's the main
source of income for the temple...]

[Incidentally, the blessing of a priest was set at the cost of an iron coin. As
for the blessing of a God, they mostly depend on the rank of the God performing
it, but the average cost would be a gold coin.]

Let me think, since the iron coins are 10R if I remember correctly... The
blessing of a priest is about 1000 Yen. As for the blessing of a God, they were
at the staggering cost of 10,000 R—That's about a million yen. That's so
expensive that you have to be a noble to afford their blessing.

[Just adding a bit more information, we're going to the God of Health, so it's
one gold coin, but the blessing from the God of Love that Milady received before
was paid with five gold coins.]

[ [ [ That's expensive?! ] ] ]

[Lu-Luna?!]

[...I'm afraid it didn't work though.]

[Gunununu...]

Due to Lunamaria-san's unnecessarily adding more information, which can be said
to be normally happening every now and then, Lilia-san's face turns red in a
flash.

She certainly looks cute, but the atmosphere inside the carriage turned kind
of—Ah, speaking of which, there was something that bothered me earlier, and
since I can use that to get out of our current topic...

[B-By the way! You mentioned earlier that the cost is based on God's rank, but
do Gods also have ranks of their own?]

[Lu—Eh? Yes... There are three ranks, low-ranking Gods, high-ranking Gods, and
the Supreme Gods. Then, there's also the one who stands above all them, the
Creator God. The Gods who have temples in the Human Realm were basically
low-ranking Gods, but when it comes to the blessings of the high-ranking Gods,
the reputation of the Gods is more important for them than money, so the only
person who can receive it is the king.]

It appears that I've successfully deviated from the conversation, Lilia-san
stopped complaining about Lunamaria-san and turned her attention to responding
to my question. No, I wasn't trying to help Lunamaria-san, I was trying to
change the subject so that the atmosphere in the carriage wouldn't get worse...
so put that thumbs up away, you useless maid!

[As for the Supreme Gods... The Three Great Goddesses of Time, Fate, and Life,
it's highly unlikely that you'll ever get to see their faces, much less receive
their blessings, except at the Festival of Heroes. It seems that they rarely go
out to the Human Realm, so unless you're extremely lucky...]

It's true that just their titles “God of Time” and “God of Fate” alone convey
the fact that they're extraordinary beings.

But now that I think about it again, the Six Kings, the Three Great Gods, the
Creator God, and all the other personnel gathering for the Festival of Heroes,
how big of a festival is it really going to be? As exciting as it may sound, it
also sounds a bit terrifying.

Not long after, the carriage arrived in front of a huge and majestic temple...

Soon after, the carriage arrived in front of a huge and majestic temple but...

[...The one living here must be one heck of a person.]

Hearing Kusunoki-san's mumble, I nodded silently as I looked at the scene in
front of me.

If you certainly think about it, this blessing stuff we're doing right now is
just like the first shrine visit in Japan, so if you can clearly imagine that,
you should be able to imagine the scene we're facing now.

When I was almost convinced that this is just something unique for the other
world, Lilia-san and the others surprisingly also had a very surprised look on
their faces.

[This is... What does this mean?]

[It certainly is odd. I'll go check it out.]

Leaving those words, Lunamaria-san started to move towards a person dressed like
a nun a little further in the distance... Perhaps, is she a priest? I also head
there to see what's going on.

[Umm, LIlia-san. Is this huge crowd of people anything out of the ordinary?]

[Yes, putting aside if this was the church near the town, but this is the main
shrine. Most of the people who come here this time of the year are usually just
nobles who come to be blessed by the Gods... And since the 4th day of the New
Year is usually the busiest day, we purposely put off going on that day and just
went on the 5th day of the New Year but...]

[Are you saying that everyone also thought to avoid the crowded day?]

[...If that's the case, the 5th day should have been a lot quieter than usual.
On the 5th day every year, the high-ranking Gods are invited to the royal palace
for the king to receive their blessings... Many nobles and priests are supposed
to gather at the royal palace for the rare opportunity to see a high-ranking
God...]

I see, I have the image of nobles as people who value connections and the
opportunity to possibly get to know a high-ranking God who doesn't normally live
in the Human Realm should be really precious. So, it's understandable why
everyone is heading to the royal palace.

That's why Lilia-san must have thought of getting our blessing on this day when
the temple would be empty, but when we actually visited, it was unexpectedly
crowded...

Then, just as I was receiving an explanation from Lilia-san, Lunamaria-san came
back with a somewhat flustered look on her face.

[My Lady! I found out the reason why this happened... It seems that we had a
really outrageous timing on coming to this place.]

[What do you mean?]

[Actually, it hasn't been confirmed yet as it's only a rumor... but I heard that
the “Goddess of Time” might stop by here today...]

[The Goddess of Time?!]

If I'm not mistaken, the Goddess of Time, was one of the Three Supreme Gods that
were second only to the Creation God in the God Realm.

[Yes, I heard that the priests themselves don't know about the details of the
situation either but... Perhaps, she has come to check on the summoning magic
circle because something out of the ordinary happened this time, and while she's
at it, I think she'll also come to see the Gods of these lands...]

[I see... So it's not only the neighboring nobles, but that's also why so many
priests... have come to this place huh. This was really unexpected.]

[I guess we can't just... come back for later huh. I've already informed the
temple of our visit using the name of our Duchy...]

[Yes, as expected, the ones who aren't receiving the blessing won't be able to
get into the main shrine, so let's go to the main shrine for the time being.]

Perhaps, there's a pretty big difference between a high-ranking God and a
Supreme God. Rather than the high-ranking Gods who always visit the royal palace
every year, many people might be thinking of seeing the Supreme God, whose
arrival isn't a sure thing except for when the Festival of Heroes happens.
Especially for the priests who serve the Gods, this may be a situation where
they would willingly throw out other things to rush toward this place.

I'm pretty sure that we haven't walked for quite a distance, but it took us
quite a bit of strength just to get through the horrendous crowd of people to
reach the temple, and just moving around was a moderately fatiguing experience.

[Ueeggghhh... I feel really nauseous from the sheer number of people here.]

[I can understand how Hina-san feels. As expected, even I think that this is
quite...]

[Although it's only a rumor, it's still an opportunity for a Supreme God to
remember your face. To begin with, it's very unusual for the Supreme God to
visit the Human Realm outside of the Festival of Heroes, so this kind of
situation happening is probably something that can't be helped.]

In response to Yuzuki-san's mumbles as if she were fed up, Lilia-san agreed with
her words, as if she was fed up with it herself.

[Kusunoki-san, too, are you alright?]

[Yes, thank you very much. I'm glad Miyama-san is walking in front of me.]

Just as Lilia-san said, there aren't as many people inside of the temple
compared to outside, but even so, there seems to be several times as many people
in the temple compared to how it usually is.

The impression I got was that there were a lot of people who looked like
priests, especially from what I saw, and all of them seemed to be visibly on
edge. This may give a lot of credibility to the rumor that a Supreme God is
visiting.

However, it seems that the blessings are still going on as usual, and Lilia-san
and Lunamaria-san are taking care of the procedures. We'll be guided by a priest
to move, and on the way, I'll be the only one who will be separated from
Lilia-san and the others.

Because there appears to be a rule of wearing special vestments when receiving
the blessings, the men and women are separated so that they could change their
own clothes.

I had expected that we would be wearing light clothings from the fact that we
were separated based on gender, but when I changed in the room I was led to, I
found that the clothes were almost like underwear, they were made in a material
similar to fine silk.

It's not that it's transparent, but it's an outfit that shows quite a bit of my
body line because it's white and light... I honestly feel that it's a shame that
I won't be able to see Lilia-san and the others in these clothes.

Moreover, it seems that after this, we'll be waiting in a spacious room and will
be called out to receive our blessing in turn. This means that I would be
inevitably led to a place filled with men dressed in vestments that look like
this white dress I'm currently wearing... How should I say this... I'm kind of
tempted to turn back now.

From what I heard from the priest who was leading me, it doesn't look like it's
packed to the brim, but apparently, there's still dozens of people waiting for
their turn over there, and we would definitely need to wait for over an hour.
That doesn't sound like a blessing anymore, it's almost torture for me.

When we came before a door in the hall, the male priest bowed his head deeply as
if he had another person to lead and left right away.

I honestly want to leave without opening this door that leads to a sausage fest,
but after taking a few deep breaths, I made up my mind, opened the door and
entered.

[...]

As I entered, the scene I came upon in front of me—wasn't the sausage fest that
I thought I would find.

I could feel the breeze blowing gently caressing my cheeks comfortably, bringing
the scent of flowers along with it.

[...Huh?]

Colorful flowers bloom beautifully in front of me and after moving my eyes
around, I could see the border between the blue sky and the earth. The scenery
has a beautiful yet majestic atmosphere, as if I was looking down on the
earth...

[Eh? Ehhhhhh?!]

No one responded to the shout that reflexively came out of my mouth. Rather, it
even looks like there's no one else in this place but me.

When I opened the door in the temple, I found myself... in a floating garden.

No, it's not like I'm making a gag or anything like that, but seriously, when I
opened the door and went in, what I saw before me was a floating garden with no
one in sight. And the door that I've just passed through, which I should have
passed through just a minute ago, is gone.

To be honest, my mind hasn't really quite caught up with it but... Eh? Could it
be that this is actually the waiting room? Maybe it's just I who doesn't know
and this is actually the norm—No, as expected, that isn't possible. I mean, how
the heck could anyone call this place a room?!

[...]

[Eh?]

And just as it was too sudden that I found myself in here, I suddenly found
someone there as if they had been there from the start.

Yes, before I noticed it, without even making a sound nor did I even feel her
presence, standing a few feet in front of me was a woman... No, there's
“something” standing there of nature I do not know.

She has the appearance of an unparalleled beauty—I can't think of anything else
to say about her. Long, silver-white straight hair that doesn't have any curls
reaching to her knees, they even seem like they're faintly glittering, and
golden eyes that don't have any hint of cloudiness.

Her body, which is about 160cm tall and dressed in white vestments, is so
beautiful that you would think that her existence embodies the perfect divine
proportions—but most of all, she's kind of eerie.

When I met Kuro, I thought that her appearance as she stands against the sunset
was like art, but the appearance of the woman in front of me is art in itself,
not just a metaphor that describes her.

Yes, everything is too perfect for the woman in front of me, that it gives me an
inexplicable sense of foreignness from her.

She should have been right in front of me, but she doesn't feel real, as if I'm
just looking at a finished painting. My instincts were telling me that the being
in front of me is on a “different level” from me—Is this being perhaps, a God?

[Nice to meet you, Miyama Kaito-san, the human from another world found by
Kuromueina. I'm “Shallow Vernal”, nice to meet you.]

[...]

Her voice reaching my ears sounded so pleasant that I thought it was gospel, but
at the same time, I felt a strong sense of discomfort that I can't put into
words.

![Insert 4](../../_Images/v01/Insert4.png#.insert)

It didn't really take that long for me to understand why I felt that way. It's
because it was hard for me to believe that the words I just heard emanated from
the woman in front of me.

[I suppose you're surprised by the abruptness of the situation. I was led to
this place at Kuromueina's request. And just as they said, the better the view
of the surroundings is, the more calming it will be.]

[...]

If I just paid attention to the words she said, I don't think I would have found
anything strange among them... But I can't sense any intonation in her voice.
Although her voice is supposed to be beautiful, having the same loudness, speed,
and intensity makes it look like there's no emotion in her voice, as if it was
just a machine speaking to me... No, her voice is so constant that it feels like
even a machine would have more emotion if it was to speak.

Furthermore, her facial expressions didn't change at all, as if she didn't have
any emotions right from the start. I'm not even sure if her golden eyes were
looking at me, or as if I didn't exist, they're just looking at the background.

It was said that humans are afraid of the things they don't understand, and
that's probably what I'm feeling right now, the reason why I'm feeling a chill
running down my spine.

[Your mind seemed to be in quite the mayhem, are you alright?]

[...Eh? Ah, y-yes... I'm sorry.]

[No need to apologize. It's my fault for bringing you here so suddenly.]

As expected, each of Shallow Vernal-sama's words were spoken without any changes
in her expression or voice, I frantically moved my head, which had been frozen
in place, and replied to her words.

[I-I'm Miyama Kaito. N-Nice to meet you. Errr, Shallow Vernal-sama...]

[You can just call me “Shiro” if you want. That's what Kuromueina—Kuro calls
me.]

[N-No, but, errr...]

[You can just call me Shiro if you want. That's what Kuro calls me.]

[Errr... Shiro-sama?]

[That “-sama” is unnecessary.]

[No...]

[That “-sama” is unnecessary.]

[As expected, I can't just impudently...]

[That “-sama” is unnecessary.]

[Ah, yes... Shiro-san.]

[Best regards.]

...I'll do what you say, so please stop sounding like a broken record on
repeated playback. Seriously, it's scary.

To be honest, I didn't feel really comfortable calling a being that's obviously
on another level compared to me such a thing, but having to hear the same words
repeated over and over again with her completely unchanging expression and
voice, I just gave up and changed the way I called her.

[T-Then, once again... Shiro-san said that Kuro requested you something... But
why exactly did I get summoned to this place?]

[That is indeed a good question to ask. Well then, I will now grant you my
blessing.]

[Huh? Eh?]

Arehh? That's weird... Didn't she just hear me asking that question? Just
because you told me what you think about that question, that doesn't mean you
explained anything, you know?!

After telling me in a voice with no inflection at all, Shiro slightly pointed
her hand at me without answering my question.

[Bless you.]

[?!]

After her short, emotionless words were spoken, my body seemed to glow for a
moment.

However, there was no other change and the light quickly subsided. Arehh? That's
it?

[Now then, shall we have some tea?]

[What?]

Wait a minute, I'm begging you, please explain the situation a little bit. I
don't even have any idea what's going on.

What did Kuro ask Shiro-san to do, is the blessing finished with just that, and
why the heck are we having tea now? It's fine if you just briefly talk about it,
but could you please explain it to me?!

[Kuro requested me to grant you my blessing. Your blessing is complete. However,
it will take some time until the blessing to your companions is completed, so
let's have a cup of tea to get to know each other.]

[Ah, yes.]

I thought you would just put that aside, but she really concisely explained it
all?! I really don't understand this person at all... Are all Gods like her?

Honestly, I want to hold my head in my hands right now, but before I knew it, a
garden table and chairs appeared in front of me, and Shiro-san was already
taking her seat.

If I don't take my seat, I feel like I would just end up in that endless loop
again, so I sit down in one of the simple but beautiful white garden chairs,
facing Shiro-san.

And then, as if it's natural, a cup of amber-colored liquid appeared in front of
me.

[...]

[...]

A-Awkward. The combination of her silence and expressionlessness turned
everything really awkward. A c-conversation... We should have some conversation,
at least...

Even though we sat facing each other... Having no conversation starting at all,
I got a little impatient, so I just turned to the drink placed in front of me
while looking for a clue to initiate our conversa—whoa, this is delicious! What
is this black tea? Even though I'm not that knowledgeable about tea, I can see
that it's outrageously delicious... Should I say that it's to be expected from
the tea served by God huh... That's right, how about we start with this tea...

[T-This tea is quite delicious, isn't it?]

[I'm glad you like it.]

[...]

[...]

I can't push the conversation forward at all?! Or rather, even if I tried to
push forward our conversation, with the combo of her complete lack of facial
expressions and voice intonations, I couldn't push the conversation forward at
all.

In the first place, I'm basically the type of person who responds to what other
people say and my communipower is low.

What I've learned in my long, loner life is how to adapt to what the other
person is saying... In other words, the opening conversation is left to the
other person, and I'm just basically adapting to that and keeping the
conversation going without straining it.

This conversation technique is effective for most people, especially for the
type of people like Kuro who are willing to talk to me.

Unfortunately, there's a fatal flaw in this tactic. It doesn't work well if I'm
talking with the same type of person, which is exactly what's happening in my
current situation with Shiro-san.

I may be able to push forward some topics if I was talking with a normal person,
but Shiro-san is a difficult adversary for I don't know what she's thinking nor
do I even know how to talk with her in the first place... Shiro-san, anything is
fine, but don't you have anything we could talk about?

[In that case, let me ask you a question... What did you mean when you said
“communipower”?]

[...It's short for communication power, which is basically the ability to have a
good conversation with others.]

[I see...Then what does being a loner mean?]

[It basically means someone being alone... By the way, Shiro-san. Could you
possibly be able to read my mind or something like that?]

[I can certainly read your mind.]

[Ah, is that so.]

She just affirmed it as if it's a matter of course?! Does that mean she had read
everything I just said?! That's really embarrassing...

Then, I think it's best to let Shiro-san take the lead in this conversation...

[Ah, it won't do if we don't have some teacakes, right?]

[...]

I've been thinking for a while now, but haven't you gone along at your own pace
all these times? Are you that free? Hey, are you that free?

She doesn't even care about our current situation, and she just switched from
one conversation to another with the same expression on her face and voice. It's
a common say in all eras and cultures, but it seems that gods don't really
understand the feelings of people.

[Please enjoy your meal.]

[...Shiro-san, even you too huh...]

To be honest, I had a bad feeling when I heard that she was Kuro's acquaintance,
but appearing before me as if it's the most obvious thing in the world is what's
definitely the most popular confectionery in this world, baby castellas.

Not having any energy to complain anymore, I picked up a baby castella that I'm
already used to eating and put it in my mouth...

[?!]

And felt like fainting in agony.

The moment I took a bite of the baby castella, a piercing spiciness spread in my
mouth and it stuck not only in my mouth, but also in my nostrils.

D-Don't tell me, this is—Wasabi?! Eh? Why is there wasabi in the baby castella?!
Is she harassing me? Isn't wasabi in a completely different vector of existence?
This should have been a combination that couldn't exist... Moreover, it isn't
just on the level where she had pasted some within it, it's as many as the red
bean fillings in a manju.

A baby castella filled with wasabi...A bizarre disproportionate taste of
sweetness and spiciness began spreading in my mouth. I began to pour tea into my
mouth, desperately wanting for the violent disgusting taste to be washed away.

And just when I moved my gaze to the person who brought out the cruelness
incarnate teacakes that carved a new trauma inside of me, Shiro-san brought it
to her mouth without any particular change in her expression...

Why are you eating that normally? Don't tell me, she isn't actually trying to
harass me and just a regular teacake for her? T-This person... Don't tell me
that not only her very being, but even her sense of taste is also weird?

[Shi-Shiro-san?]

[What is it?]

[Is that good?]

[No, it's so bad that I'd rather eat dirt.]

[...]

Then, at least show a little bit of that kind of feeling in your expression or
your voice!!

I mean, in the first place, why the heck did you make that kind of stuff and
serve it as teacakes! Say it!!

[Kuro once gave me these as a gift, saying “I tried to make it but it was
incredibly bad, so I'm giving these to you.”]

[...However, didn't Shiro-san also think that it doesn't taste good?]

[Yes. It's hard to believe that a food as terrible as this exists in this
world.]

[...Then, why did you offer such a substitute for the teacakes?]

[Kuro told me that “baby castellas are the best thing to eat with tea,” and
since I want to deepen my friendship with Miyama Kaito-san, I served what I
heard was the best thing to welcome you.]

[...However, what about Shiro-san's thoughts regarding these teacakes?]

[It tastes so bad that I think its very existence should be a sin.]

[...]

I think I now understand a little bit regarding this person. This person is
probably... extremely airheaded.

Not only are you expressionless and emotionless, also being airheaded is
terribly nasty. I would like it if you give back all the reverence I felt for
you just a short while ago...

[Don't you think it would be quite difficult for me to return it since it isn't
tangible?]

[...It's just a metaphor.]

The conversation with Shiro-san—The Goddess with a beautiful face, perfect
proportions, a beautiful voice and specs that could make even the Goddess of
Beauty run away from her superiority, but also possesses outrageously
troublesome factors as she's expressionless, emotionless, and a natural
airhead—continues.

[...]

[...]

No, please carry on with our conversation. Could it be that? That pattern where
it won't do unless I do it myself?

[Yes.]

[...Even though it was a lie, I'd like it if you deny it though, even though it
was a lie.]

[Well then, this may be a lie, but I will now change our subject.]

[...Ah, yes.]

[...]

[...]

It really was a lie?! What should I do with this Goddess... L-Look, since you
read my mind anyway, you can use that to your advantage to broach a subject for
our conversation.

There should be a lot we can talk about, right? We could even talk about things
from back in my previous world or something like that...

[Well then, let's talk about the book called “The Documents of the Jet-black
Knees Volume II”.]

[Whoehh?!]

Oi, idiot! Stop right there—you can't just go digging up anyone's black history
from their middle school times as you please!!

Seriously, please stop it, I will die.

[Is this actually titled as Jet-black Darkness? Why is it that the “Jet-black”
in this series is written as “knee” instead of “lacquer”?][^chu2]

[?!?!]

STOP ITTTTTTTT?! Don't start correcting the misspelled kanji! I'm pretty sure
that's not something you should be touching!!! My heart is one arrow away from
crumbling into pieces!!!

Why is it that of all the things you can read in my mind, you aimed at that
memory that has been buried deep inside?! You must have been doing this on
purpose huh?!

The current flow of conversation is no good. A topic, I must think of any kind
of topic...

[S-Speaking of which! I heard that blessings work differently for different
Gods! What effect does Shiro-san's blessing have?]

[...I dunno?]

[You don't know?!]

If I let Shiro-san take control of the conversation, I was afraid that my mind
would break down, so I frantically mobilized that paltry communipower that I
have to initiate another topic of conversation but... I wonder if there's
something wrong with my eyes and ears? It's just that, for some reason, I think
I heard this Goddess-sama saying “I dunno?” while tilting her head with that
expressionless face of hers, as if she doesn't know the effect of her own
blessing... She's just joking, right?

[No, it's just that this is the first time I've given my blessing to anyone, so
I wouldn't know what effect my blessing would have.]

[...This is your first time giving a blessing?]

[Yes. I basically don't go to the Human Realm after all.]

I had expected this since she's someone Kuro knows, but perhaps, Shiro-san may
have been a High-ranking God, or perhaps, could it be that she's one of the
three Supreme Gods? I suppose I should ask her that. If I remember correctly,
each of the Supreme Gods governs either time, fate, or life...

[Then, I'll change the question. What is it that Shiro-san governs over?]

[I don't govern over anything, you know?]

[...Huh?]

I've always thought that all Gods have authority over something, having the
title of “God of OOO” or something like that, but apparently, that's not the
case—Geez, can you just take her back already, this Goddess I mean.

What should I do, my mental capacity is close to zero now... I also don't have
any confidence to continue this conversation any longer...

[Well then, let's go back to that series I mentioned earlier...]

Ah, wait. It seems that I still can continue. I'll be hanging on to our
conversation, so please don't bring back that topic anymore.

[Do humans really yearn for such a great power?]

[...Eh?]

I was expecting the conversation to return to the disclosure of my black
history, but what Shiro-san told me was a question.

There was still no inflection in her voice, and her expression still hadn't
changed at all... But for some reason, she seemed to be sincerely wondering
about it, unlike earlier.

[...]

Maybe that's why I wasn't able to give her a quick reply. Whether or not humans
yearn for great power... That may be a question that Shiro-san can ask as a God
who was born with great power.

How should I answer it though? No, Shiro-san can read my mind anyway, so there's
no point in trying to make up a false front. In that case, I should just say
what I think...

[I think we do yearn for them. Great power, amazing wisdom, wealth and
prestige... There were many times when I longed for it myself.]

[Well then, I'll bestow it on you.]

[...Eh?]

[I seldomly had any conversation with a human. In this rare occasion, I shall
bestow upon you one thing you desire. Is it the power to do as you wish? The
wisdom enough to touch upon the truth of the world? Wealth more than you can
ever use in your whole life? Reputation that makes all of the people respect
you? Whatever you want is fine.]

[...]

[Now, tell me what you desire. I can give you something that no one will ever
hope to reach.]

As if it's something she can naturally do, the Goddess told me so. That she can
give me anything I wish for—That I could change into anything I wish for...

Anything I wish can come true... If I ask her, I can be “special”. My heart
strongly trembled. What I couldn't get even after struggling and suffering, the
God in front of me is saying that she will grant it.

There's no reason for me to refuse. There should have been no reason—but, I
wonder why? There's something that's holding me back from speaking deep within
my heart...

Closing my eyes, I knock on the recesses of my mind that I'm finally starting to
feel closer these days.

What is it that I want... What in the world do I really want... Silently asking
myself so, I slowly open my eyes to look into the Goddess's all-seeing eyes, and
utter the answer I got.

[...No, thank you.]

[Why?]

[...It's because I think you probably couldn't give me what I really want so...]

[...]

Although it's too late now, what I said might have been an extremely rude
statement to a God holding tremendous power. Even so, I still couldn't believe
that this person was the one who could fulfill my wishes.

I'm not going to deny my desire for mighty power. In fact, I've wished for it
many times.

Becoming an unparalleled warrior who built a harem of his own and living as you
please... I will certainly be filled with great satisfaction living a life like
that. It's certainly one of the things I yearn for.

However... What came to my mind was Kuro's innocent smile.

[...I was told so. She has told me... that I'm fine the way I am right now, that
we just have to look for it...]

[...]

[That time, I was so happy. Even if I was struggling and suffering for it, even
as I unsightly struggled to walk on the ground, she still pushed my back.]

[...]

[I'm just a powerless and weak human... Don't you think I'm unworthy of such a
thing? What you're trying to give me is a little too heavy for me to carry.]

[...If you wish for anything aside from money, I don't think it would weigh
anything though.]

I couldn't help but chuckle at the words that she said without any change in her
expression. Shiro-san is actually a pretty amusing person huh?

[Well, anyway... Whether it's unrivalled power, absolute wisdom, large amounts
of properties, or unending cheers from other people, I don't need any of that.
What I really wish for... is “something that I must get myself by my own hands”,
no matter whether I struggle, suffer, and look unsightly to acquire it.]

[...]

I think that this is an answer that I could say based on the fact that I've been
blessed. Yes, I've truly been blessed. Whether it's the people around me or the
environment I am in, I can say that I'm too blessed in these aspects, that I can
seriously say this kind of naive, yet dreamy wish.

However, this certainly is an answer that I got myself, so even if the one
before me is a God... My answer won't change.

[Even though you had suggested it to me, I will have to say my apologies. But my
answer won't change, I will decline what you're proposing.]

[...]

Shiro-san didn't say anything. She just silently listened to my monologue and
looked at me as I lowered my head.

And when I looked up and met her eyes again... the atmosphere Shiro-san had
around her completely changed.

Those golden eyes, which I don't know where they're looking at a while ago,
those eyes were certainly reflecting my existence now, and although it is so
faint that no one won't be able to see it unless you're paying attention, the
expression on her face, which has never changed at all and doesn't show a shred
of emotion... It seems that the corners of her mouth slightly rose.

[...I change my mind.]

[Eh?]

Informing me with her voice that doesn't have any inflection, Shiro-san got up
from her chair and light waved her fingers to the side.

Thereupon, my body glowed slightly again and immediately afterwards, I thought I
heard a sound like the breaking of glass.

[I just agreed before because of Kuro's request, but I myself had no interest in
you, so I just performed the blessing by imitating what the low-ranking Gods
do... But I changed my mind, and cancelled it out.]

[Errr...]

Was that sound earlier, the sound of the blessing being revoked... Did I offend
her? No, I certainly was quite rude earlier, so there's no room for me to argue.

I may have done something bad, even though Kuro had to request her for it...

As I was thinking about this, the scenery immediately changed.

[?!]

We're not just in that floating garden we were in a moment ago, but we're
literally floating in mid-air. Below me is the green earth and blue seas, and
the sky is split into two colors from the middle, with a blue sky and a starry
sky peeking out respectively.

In the midst of this bizarre scene, my body is floating in the air, as if it
were a patchwork of worlds, and I can see Shiro-san a little further away.

[Now, I'm “interested” in you—Therefore, I will be doing this seriously.]

[?!?!?!?!]

With the words she mumbled out, a tremendous sense of intimidation was released
from Shiro-san's body to the point that I couldn't find the words to describe
it, but it seemed like the world in front of me was shaking in response.

[By my name——By the name of Shallow Vernal——I tell the world.]

With her words, it seems like the air trembled and the earth pulsed.

[That this person——Miyama Kaito——is one I acknowledge worthy of my blessing.]

She doesn't seem to be straining her voice nor is she using any tools, but her
voice echoes as if it reaches the entire world.

[Therefore——By my name——By the name of Shallow Vernal——I command the world.]

The earth glittered, the sea glowed, and the sky became more radiant.

[Oh, Earth——Become the cradle that protects him——Oh, Sea——Become his garment
that nurtures him——Oh, Sky——Become his wings, embracing his very being——Oh,
Stars——Become his beacon and guide him to the future.]

Thousands and thousands of lights emitted from the earth, sea, sky and the
stars, and just like meteors, they began to swirl around me.

[By my name——By the name of Shallow Vernal——That this one's name——That the name
of Miyama Kaito——As the one I bestowed my blessings——To be inscribed in the
world——In conjunction with my name.]

And as the tremendous light converged to the point where I couldn't keep my eyes
open, I certainly saw it.

It was as if all the beauty in the world was condensed—Into that beautiful
goddess's smile...

[Miyama Kaito—The child who strayed from another world, liked from first sight
by Kuro—Magnificent—Just as you declared yourself, you have indeed exerted
yourself with your own hands——And from me——You have certainly accomplished,
acquiring my interest in your name——Therefore, I grant upon you——The blessing of
the world——]

I feel like I've received some kind of earth-shattering blessing, but I found no
particular change in my body and before I knew it, we returned back to drinking
our tea.

[Well, it's not like it's going to improve your physical abilities or anything
like that.]

Shiro-san, who had returned to having a blank expression on her face again, had
also taken the seat across from me.

If I remember correctly, Lilia-san said that a blessing is like some kind of
defensive magic.

However, even if I were to ask her what kind of blessing she had given me,
Shiro-san would probably just say “I dunno?”...

[Will this stop me from getting local diseases or something like that?]

[Yes.]

Fumu, I see... I think I'm starting to understand how to talk to Shiro-san a
little better.

[...Shiro-san.]

[What is it?]

[You're still meekly eating those baby castellas? It doesn't taste good, right?]

[Yes, it tastes so bad that I feel like this should be considered as one of the
world's disasters.]

[Then, why don't you take out something else to eat? For instance, something
that Shiro-san thinks is delicious...]

[I see.]

[Ah, even though I say that to the teacakes served with the black tea, that's
not the case with the black tea, okay?]

[...!]

How should I say this, it's like I've personally felt that humans really are
creatures that adapt with their surroundings.

Rather than that, I think that after that blessing earlier, I'm starting to gain
a little more mental composure regarding what I want to say myself.

Unlike the last time when I just met her, Shiro-san was looking at me properly,
and thanks to that, I understood that she had emotions and the heaviness that I
felt that was draining my spirit just by talking to her was gone.

After that, I have to look really closely at her to understand it but... I can
even see a slight change in her facial expression.

The corner of her mouth is now slightly rising and falling by a few millimeters,
and the fact that she just briefly blinked twice is probably a sign of surprise
because she was caught off guard.

[That's right.]

There's still that lack of inflection in her voice though, but I've gotten used
to it and it doesn't bother me as much as it used to, as I've come to realize
that it's also a part of Shiro-san's personality.

While affirming my opinion, Shiro-san makes a new set of cookies appear on the
table.

At first glance, they look like ordinary cookies, but they are also sublimely
delicious. There's something about the appearance of this cookie that makes it
seem sublime for some reason.

[Speaking of which, are Shiro-san and Kuro close? You just said that you did it
because she asked you to.]

[Yes, we drink tea together a lot.]

[I can somehow imagine that Kuro would probably be talking a lot.]

[Before I could even say a word, Kuro would have finished saying three.]

[Ahaha.]

Hmmm. The combination of Kuro and Shiro-san... It's quite a strange combination
since they differ in physique and personality, but Kuro who would keep pushing
the conversation along and she who doesn't care about small details might be a
good match with the natural airhead Shiro-san who don't initiate conversations
at all, but answer conversations when they're swung at her.

At least, it seems like Shiro-san thinks well of Kuro, as I could see the
corners of her mouth rising by a few millimeters even now.

Unnn. Somehow, I'm starting to understand the changes in Shiro-san's emotions
and I'm getting the hang of our conversation.

For better or worse, Shiro-san accepts my words as I say them and responds in a
straightforward and honest way. The combination of her unchanging expression and
intonationless voice might give her the impression of a cold and indifferent
person, but she's unexpectedly a fun person to hang out with.

Realizing this, the conversations I had with Shiro-san became more enjoyable,
and we chatted so naturally, that time had passed before I even knew it.

After we've conversed for a long time over delicious tea and cookies, Shiro-san
suddenly moved her gaze to the side.

[It seems like your companions finally finished receiving their blessings.]

[Arehh? Is it that time already?]

[Yes. 93 minutes have passed since you arrived here.]

When I heard Shiro-san suddenly say that, it seemed like an hour and a half
passed before I knew it.

At the same time, a door appears next to Shiro-san. That's probably the door
that would get me back to my room.

The conversation with Shiro-san was fun, and even though I'm feeling somewhat
reluctant, I decided to stand up from my seat.

[...You're quite an unusual person, aren't you? No one would normally describe a
conversation with me as enjoyable.]

In response to Shiro-san who said that while the corner of her mouth slightly
rose, I just tilted my head.

It's true that I felt like I couldn't continue our conversation at the
beginning, but as we talked, I didn't have that feeling anymore.

[You could say that adaptability of yours could even be your talent.]

[Ahaha, it might just be that I'm easy to push around.]

[That might be so.]

[You're really not going to deny it huh?!]

Well, Shiro-san is this kind of person. That's also the reason why I feel a
different sense of enjoyment from talking with her compared to when I'm talking
with Kuro...

[If it's alright with you, can I invite you to have tea with me again?]

[Yes, by all means. Ah, but can you please stop with the sudden teleportation?
It's bad for my heart. Please excuse me from anything like that.]

[...I'll think about it.]

[I'd like it if you could make a prompt decision regarding that if you could
though.]

[I'll think about it.]

[I'm not talking about that “pause” before your answer, you know?!]

I was thinking that a tea party would be something noble-like, elegant and
stylish, and that it wouldn't suit me, but when I tried it myself, I found that
chatting with others while savoring a good cup of tea was fun, and I think I
understand a little bit how those riajuus feel while they're conversing in a
cafe or something like that.

As I was thinking about this, Shiro-san turns her palm towards me and makes an
object that resembles a small jar appear on it.

[You can have this.]

[Would it be alright?]

[Yes.]

Taking the jar held out to me, there were some dried tea leaves inside it... Ah,
could this be that absurdly tasty black tea? This honestly makes me happy.

[Thank you very much.]

[No, I've also enjoyed our time myself.]

Saying that in her voice that doesn't have any inflection just as usual, while
the corners of her mouth slightly lifted, Shiro-san swung her finger. With that
motion alone, my clothes went back to what they were before I changed into my
vestments.

And then, thanking Shiro-san once again, I opened the door.

---

After seeing off Kaito as he walked through the door and the door disappeared,
Shallow Vernal calmly stood in the floating garden.

[So that's why she likes him huh. He certainly kind of resembles you in some
way, Kuro. Not in terms of personality, but in the glimmer of his soul...]

Muttering to no one, the corners of her lips slightly rose.

[I guess it's fun to turn my gaze to one life once in a while.]

As she muttered those words, the wind blew and the flowers in the floating
garden swayed as if they're dancing. The cloudless sky is crystal clear, and the
vast land remains calm as time peacefully passes.

It's as if her heart is reflected in the sky... That she truly had fun...

[^chu2]:
    Kaito totally not chuuni name is "Jet-black Darkness", the character
    Jet-black (漆黒) got miswritten with the kanji "Knee (膝)" instead of
    "Lacquer (漆)"
