---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 4: That King's Name Is...

I was hoping that the number of people who had gathered in this place had
decreased after an hour and a half passed, but unfortunately, the entrance to
the temple was still filled with a large number of nobles and priests, and it
was a bit difficult to find Lilia-san and the others.

But even so, the majority of the people who gathered in this place are nobles
and priests, so it's not as noisy and uncontrolled as a festival, so it's not so
crowded that I can't move past people.

However, there were a lot of nobles dressed in expensive clothes here and there,
so it was a bit tiring moving around while trying to avoid bumping into them.

[Excuse me. Sorry to keep you waiting.]

[Good work over there, Kaito-san.]

When I joined them after a while, Lilia-san greeted me with a gentle smile.

As we expected, the number of people still gathering seemed to be increasing, so
we decided to move to the carriage before we got stuck in this place, and as we
moved, we talked for a bit.

[Arehh? What's that you got there, Miyama-senpai?]

Because I prioritized meeting up with the others, I hadn't tucked the small
bottle I received away into my magic box and Yuzuki-san noticed it.

[Eh? Ah, these are tea leaves that Shiro-sa—the Goddess gave me.]

Then, for some reason, Lilia-san and Lunamaria-san, who were walking in front of
me, stopped in their tracks.

[...Kaito-san, errr, what did you just say?]

[Eh? This jar was given to me by the Goddess...]

[...Miyama-sama, w-what kind of means did you use to make the Goddess like you
that much just when you met?]

[E-Errr... I just had a cup of tea and chatted with her...]

[ [ You had tea with the Goddess?! ] ]

The words I casually told them were apparently unbelievable to the two of them,
that Lilia-san and Lunamaria-san stopped moving and looked back at me with their
eyes wide open.

Arehh? What the heck is happening, perhaps, did I make some kind of blunder in
saying it...

[...Luna... How many times have we visited this place? For all those times, I've
never had a proper conversation with the Goddess, let alone having tea with
her...]

[Milady... Please get a hold of yourself... This is most probably not Milady's
fault, I think it's just that Miyama-sama's social skills are too high.]

[Y-Yeah... I feel like I'm overexaggerating... They've just talked for a bit...]

[Miyama-sama, interacting with the Goddess also shows that you've gained a
certain amount of trust from the Divine Realm. Especially in the nobles' society
that places a high value on horizontal connections, it could even be considered
a kind of influence.]

[...]

Ehhhhhhh?! H-How in the world did it suddenly turn into that big of a deal?!

N-No no, seriously, you're misunderstanding it. The reason I got along with
Shiro-san is mostly all due to the influence of that little demon girl, and even
that topic about me having some kind of earth-shattering communipower is...

As for Lilia-san, it seems like she's looking at me with respect and if I don't
fix this misunderstanding quickly...

[No, Lilia-san, it's just a misundersta...]

[Ahh, well, well, if it isn't Duchess Albert-dono?]

Something appeared with a superb timing?!

[This is quite an unexpected meeting, isn't it? Count Ducas.]

[I haven't seen you since last night's party. Duchess Albert-dono, are you also
here to get your blessing?]

[Yes, I just finished receiving mine.]

It seems that the one who appeared with an unpleasant timing was a count named
Ducas.

The clothes he's wearing a fairly shiny and gaudy ornate outfit, as if they're
proclaiming that “he's a noble”. Amazing, I feel like he's around twice the size
of my body—width-wise, I mean. He's probably that, probably a hybrid between an
orc and a human or something like that.

[Miyama-sama, I think I have some idea what you're thinking about... but he's a
pure-blooded human.]

Probably sensing my thoughts, Lunamaria-san whispered that to me.

Apparently, he's not a hybrid or anything like that, he's just fat. If that's
the case... I think that his size wouldn't be good for his health.

Combined with the number of people in this room, he would probably feel really
pressured. I can't really say this since we've only met for the first time, but
I think you should cut back on the oily stuff.

[You're also together with the princesses from the other world huh. My, this is
quite the gathering of flowers.

[ [ ?! ] ]

[Not to mention the beautiful Duchess Albert, the princesses of the other world
must have looked great in their vestments. I would have loved to see that.]

When Count Ducas turned his attention to our direction, he looked at
Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san as if to say that he doesn't care about me, and
then, his fleshy face twists to what seems to be a smile.

Uwaaahhh... He looks kind of terrifying when he smiles. It's like he's a toad or
something like that, but Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san clearly feel frightened.
The fact that they're able to faithfully look at them with that kind of lust in
his eyes makes him, in a sense, an amazing person.

As expected, I wasn't comfortable leaving them exposed to such a gaze that seems
like they're being licked, so I took a step forward and intruded in between them
and Count Ducas.

[Muhh?]

Well, I had expected that this would happen, but Count Ducas obviously made a
face that turned into something that looks like he's grumpy when I stepped out
in front of his field of vision. How should I say this, should I say that he's
really faithful to his desires, that he's easy to understand.

Even though I said all that, he's still a Count. Even though he's glaring at me,
if I glared back at him too, it would cause trouble for Lilia-san, so I gave him
a fake smile and bowed to him.

[Nice to meet you, Count-sama. I'm the otherworlder, Miyama Kaito. I'm not sure
if I'm being rude to intrude in the middle of your conversation, but I feel like
I haven't had the chance to greet you yet.]

[...Hohh, excuse my impoliteness. You look so plain, that I thought you were
their carriage driver or something like that.]

Whoa, he just casually dissed me. I admire this kind of refreshing interaction
with him, in some ways.

However, unfortunately for him, I'm already used to reactions like “Who the hell
is this guy?”, and I've already received the glare of people more powerful like
him like Acht, so I don't feel intimidated by his glare at all. That's why, I
just replied to him with a smile on my face.

[I apologize for my shabby appearance. Unfortunately, I'm a youngster who came
from a world unrelated to nobility, so I would appreciate it if you would be
lenient regarding our manners.]

[...Hmph.]

I don't know where those nice words “Noblesse Oblige” has gone, and I know that
he may be angry, but I hope that he would at least return my greeting.

Well, though I say that, even though he would have a smile on his face while
greeting me on the surface, he probably isn't very pleased with me hiding
Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san behind my back, so Count Ducas just sent me an
abhorrent look and turned his gaze away.

And in the end, without returning my greeting, he just exchanged a couple of
words with Lilia-san before leaving. Seriously, he really is the template of a
no-good noble.

[Miyama-sama, that was quite splendid.]

[...How should I say this, he was quite the easy person to understand, wasn't
he?]

[As you can imagine, he was a Count that was quite well-known for his lustful
nature... Even in the evening party last night, he tried to talk to
Kusunoki-sama and Yuzuki-sama many times.]

[To have that kind of faithfulness to his desires, in a sense, I kind of respect
him... Anyway, are you two alright?]

[Y-Yes. Thank you very much, Miyama-san.]

[Ugghh, I don't like those kinds of people.]

It appears that Count Toady is a trauma-level of an opponent for the two of
them, as they were clearly relieved when they came out from behind my back.

Certainly, that smile of his was terrifying. Even I, as a man, had goosebumps
looking at it, and it would have been hard for young girls when faced with
something like that. I could even say that Lilia-san, who had managed to calmly
handle him, was really the embodiment of a noble.

[Well, most of the men who approach Milady are like that after all.]

[Please don't say anything... Luna.]

[Shouldn't we rely on Miyama-sama's power and have him pull a good candidate for
you, Milady?]

[Ughh, I envy Kaito-san.]

Come to think of it, I remembered hearing about it before. Although Lilia-san is
royalty, as the head of her own nobility, she has just become a Duke, so she is
having a hard time making connections with others.

For a noble, their connections with those equal to their own can be said to be
their power. Even though Lilia-san had a really great connection with the
royalty, as a member of the Knight Order, she's been out of the social circles
for a while. Aside from her connection with the royalty, she ended up not having
a lot of connections with the people who have really great influence.

[In other words, Miyama-senpai has become a beckoning cat huh!]

[Hina-san, what is this beckoning cat?]

[It's an ornament that brings in better luck from our world. It was said to
bring in good luck—whether it's luck in money or people.]

[I see! That is to say, if I were to pray to Kaito-san...]

[There's no benefit in that, okay?!]

Thanks to Yuzuki-san's unnecessary words, Lilia-san had her hands together while
looking at me, as if she's really praying. Even if you do something like that,
nothing would happen, you know?!

Well, of course, Lilia-san wasn't really doing it either, as she immediately
laughed and started walking again. I thought of saying a few words to Yuzuki-san
who was the cause of all these ruckus—but that's when I noticed it. Yuzuki-san's
fingers, which are holding the sleeves of my clothes like she's pinching them
before I knew it, were slightly trembling in contrast to the bright smile she
had earlier.

I see, I tend to carelessly forget it, but she's the youngest among us.

If that's the case, then the insecurity she carries behind her smiles is
probably the biggest too. Thinking back on it, I also heard her cries back on
our first night in this world...

[If something like that comes up in the future, you can just hide behind me. I
might not be that reliable but... Well, I should be able to figure something
out.]

[?!]

Only saying those words, and while pretending not to notice that her grip on my
clothes has become a little stronger, I started walking while matching my stride
to match Yuzuki-san's.

I can't say cool things like I will be protecting her, but even if I'm useless,
I think I need to show them what it means to be their male senpai. And if that
lightens her anxiety, even just a little bit... even though it isn't like me,
let's try our best to do something.

[...Thank you very much... Also, Senpai just now... was really cool...]

Listening to Yuzuki-san's quiet whisper, looking like she's reassured, I also
smiled a bit.

Although we encountered some trouble along the way, we managed to safely leave
the temple. And just when the number of people dwindled, the surroundings
suddenly turned noisy.

[She arrived! The Goddess of Time is here!]

Hearing such voices, the noises grew louder and louder.

Why... right on this timing? No, seriously...

[Milady, it looks like praying to Miyama-sama immediately brought his blessing.]

[...No, as expected, I wasn't really wishing for something this outrageous to
happen...]

If I had to describe it, it would be a white wave—no, a white wall.

The sight of a group of people dressed in pure white vestments marching in a
single, orderly stride is surely a stunning sight. The surroundings, which were
supposed to be noisy a moment ago, were enveloped in a frozen silence, and for
these people that were about to pass through, the crowd split in two.

Following Lilia-san's lead, we line up at the edge of the street, kneeling in a
prayer position with her in the lead.

Looking around me, this seems to be a custom here, and people who seem to be the
head of each family are kneeling in front of their group, while their attendants
are in the back, and they are divided into the left and right positions while
they pray. Nearly half of the people here are nobles... In other words, people
who have a certain level of status in this country, but all of them are kneeling
while hanging their heads.

In other words, that means that no nobles can be disrespectful to the beings who
are about to pass through here, and that's the best proof... that the Three
Supreme Gods are beings with such strong authority.

In the center of the people dressed in pure white vestments, I could see the
Goddess walking, holding a presence that a Goddess would definitely have.

Her long hair that's unlike Lunamaria-san's light blue, but a blue that's as
deep as the sea, was clasped behind her neck, and she had heterochromatic eyes
of red and blue. She's taller than the 170cm me, with a tall, slender,
well-proportioned model-like body, she gives a graceful and noble impression to
those around her.

The way she walked with her long legs while surrounded by the priests, it's like
this is a fashion show that was held just for that Goddess.

This is—The Goddess of Time.

The Goddess of Time calmly walked along the path surrounded by the quiet prayers
buried within the silence.

In this atmosphere that can even be called mysterious, with just the sound of
footsteps smoothly resounding, the Goddess of Time heads towards the temple—but
she stops on her way.

[...]

The surrounding priests also stopped in unison, and while the sound of footsteps
that had echoed earlier disappeared, the silence completely took over the place.
The Goddess then turns her gaze towards our direction... Eh?

Is it just me or do I feel like the Goddess of Time is looking here? No, she's
really looking here. It's not that we just coincidentally made eye contact or
anything like that, she's glaring my way. It kind of looks like she's trying to
kill me with her gaze, you know?! Why?!

For some reason, the Goddess of Time stopped and looked towards me, and after a
moment of contemplation, she calmly walked to our direction—and stood in front
of Lilia-san.

[...You're a noble of this country, right?]

[Eh?! Y-Yes... Lilia Albert... is... my... name...]

The Goddess of Time stops in front of Lilia-san and asks in a quiet voice, while
Lilia-san replies even as her lips quiver.

I guess she didn't expect that she would speak to her. I can't see her face
because I'm standing behind her, but I can see her shoulders slightly trembling.

[Is the man standing behind you your attendant?]

[N-No, he's... Umm...]

[Fumu... No, sorry. It seems like it's a question difficult for you to answer,
so you can just forget about that question.]

After saying so, the Goddess of Times shifted her gaze to me and quietly stared
at me with her red and blue heterochromatic eyes.

[...Man, it seems that you are blessed with quite the strange fate huh?]

[...Eh?]

[No, I don't know much about those things, as they're under the domain of the
God of Fate... But very interesting, indeed. This pressure I'm feeling from
you... Which carnage demon liked you at first sight?]

[...]

I honestly don't know what she's talking about, but come to think of it, I think
Shiro-san had used that kind of phrase too.

The Human liked by Kuromueina from first sight... What could those words
possibly mean?

I didn't answer her with anything. Or rather, I myself am confused by that
question of hers that I can't answer. Removing her gaze from me, the Goddess of
Time looks at Lilia-san again.

[You said your name was Lilia Albert, right...? If I'm not mistaken, it was you
who were responsible for summoning the heroes this time, are you not?]

[...Y-Yes... It is as you say...]

[It looks like you've picked out a very interesting being... I'd love to talk
with you some more, but I've got some other business to attend to today, so I
don't have the time. I would like to talk with you again at a later date, if
that's alright with you?]

[Y-Yes?! Whenever the Goddess of Time-sama wishes... is fine with me...]

When the Goddess of Time said she wanted to talk to her later, Lilia-san's
shoulders jerked for a moment before she deeply offered her gratitude with her
hands on the ground, and at the same time, a ruckus rose around us.

Perhaps, this proposal is something that can be called unprecedented.
Lunamaria-san, who was next to me, is also so surprised that she's frozen in
place with her eyes wide open.

However, the unprecedented events within the unprecedented events didn't just
end there. When the Goddess of Time heard Lilia-san's reply, she nodded in
satisfaction, and then held out her hand to Lilia-san—

[I see, I'm sorry for bothering you at that time. Well then, I'll be conveying
to you my plans later... This might be informal, but in exchange for the
troubles... I bestow upon you the “Blessings of Time”...]

[?!]

As light overflowed from her held out hand, it began to envelop Lilia-san's
body.

The blessing of a Supreme God... Even though I'm not very familiar with this
world, I can understand what that means.

Even the king of a country was barely able to receive the blessing of a
high-ranking God, but the Supreme Gods are beings far higher than them... And
this is the blessing of such a being that's rarely seen aside from the Festival
of Heroes. This blessing is no longer just something that can be bought by
money.

[...I-I-I-It was my honor to receive your blessing.]

[Umu. Well then, I'll meet you at the time we can talk again. I'll “remember”
your name.]

After saying that, the Goddess of Time turned her gaze towards me once more
before walking towards the temple, and the priests who were frozen in place by
the events that just happened followed suit.

Speaking of Lilia-san herself, she's still kneeling down on the ground, not
moving even slightly. Or rather, she appears to be completely frozen in place.

After a little while, when the Goddess of Time's group disappeared from sight,
as everyone remained dumbfounded, Lunamaria-san quickly moved and as she held
Lilia-san in her arms, she told us.

[Everyone! Quick, back to the carriage!!]

[?!]

Saying that, we broke into a run and as we reached the parked carriage,
Lunamaria-san literally threw the frozen Lilia-san into the carriage.

She just threw her like it's something normal. Is it okay to do something like
that to your lord?

Leaping straight to the reins of the carriage and after confirming that the
three of us had rushed into the carriage, Lunamaria-san quickly made the horses
start running.

The reason why Lunamaria-san was in such a hurry is understandable from the
ear-piercing cheers that came right after the carriage started moving.

Lilia-san, who received the blessing from a Supreme God, which is considered
unprecedented, is now considered as the woman of the hour, and if she had stayed
there, she would have been bombarded with a lot of questions, which would have
been a terrible thing to happen.

Thanks to Lunamaria-san's quick thinking, we managed to get out of there before
all hells broke loose. Since we're not criminals, we didn't get chased or
anything like that so after a while, Lunamaria-san also let out a sigh of relief
as she left the reins to the attendant who was originally managing the carriage,
going back into the carriage again.

Then she swung around and woke up the stiffened Lilia-san, who was still in that
position when she was just thrown into the carriage.

[Milady, Milady! Please get a hold of yourself!!]

[...Huh?! Lu-Luna? Eh, ah, awawawawa, what d-d-d-did just...]

[It's amazing! Milady! Not only does the Goddess of Time remember your name, she
even blessed you, even though it's just informally!! It's a brilliant
achievement!!]

[Awawawa, A-A-As I thought, it wasn't just a dream huh. T-T-T-That the Goddess
of Time... G-G-Gave me her blessing...]

This won't do. Lilia-san's completely in a panic.

She's unimaginably trembling compared to her normally calm appearance, looking
like a newborn calf, moving her gaze all around the place. To be honest, she
looks really cute like that.

[No, Milady. I don't understand what you're saying. Please calm down.]

Should I say that it's to be expected from Lunamaria-san, she was able to cut in
even against Lilia-san who's in that state.

But unfortunately, it seems that Lilia-san is the type of person who is unable
to compose herself when she begins to panic.

[T-T-T-That's impossible?! How could something like this happen...
Awawa—Kyuuu\~\~]

[Milady?! Wha, Milady?!]

Ah, it seems that Lilia-san had become too panicked that her eyes began turning
around the place. I feel like I could even see something like steam coming out
from her head.

For the time being, we took a break from moving until Lilia-san recovers, and
while the carriage stopped a short distance away from the main road, Lilia-san
laid down on her seat with a wet towel on her face.

[Unnyyuuu\~\~]

Letting out a smile at Lilia-san who is making such cute groans, we talked about
what happened earlier.

[Senpai's manekineko power... It's quite fearsome, isn't it?]

[Yes... Even I shuddered from that. I'm glad that I didn't pray to Miyama-sama.]

[Eh? How come this has become my fault?]

[Whether this was Miyama-san's fault or not, the Goddess of Time was clearly
interested in Miyama-san.]

I wonder if that's the case though? She did say some strange things, and there's
also the thing that Goddess of Time said that was the same as what Shiro-san
said, and I don't know if I'm really blessed by a strange fate or not but...

[Speaking of which... I'm changing the subject, but in the end, what's the name
of the Goddess of Time?]

[I don't know. The Gods basically don't name themselves, while we just call the
Gods under the same authority as the God of this authority, so at least, I don't
know. If it's a low-rank God, some of the priests of their temple might know
about it... But if it's a high-ranking God, I don't think anyone would know
aside from their fellow Gods?]

[...]

...That certain goddess I just met is different though. Heck, she's the first
one to introduce herself!

Well, she knows Kuro so... Let's just say that Shiro-san is outside the norm for
now, but there are other things that's on my mind right now.

[However, with her like this, can Lilia-san have a “one-on-one” discussion with
the Goddess of Time?]

[Hyyiiii?! O-One-on-one?!]

Seemingly having heard what I said, the unconscious Lilia-san jumped up. I mean,
Lilia-san was the one that was asked to be talked to, and she was also the one
in charge of summoning us...

[Lu-Luna... Help...]

[As expected, that would be impossible. No matter how you look at it, I'm just a
mere servant, I wouldn't be able to sit together in a discussion within the
presence of a Supreme God. Or rather, I don't think I would be allowed.]

Lilia-san looked at Lunamaria-san with eyes that seemed to convey her desire to
rely on her, but Lunamaria-san looked apologetic as she shook her head.

[That's impossible even for me too, you know?! Just thinking about talking with
a Supreme God makes my body quiver, but talking with her one-on-one is...]

She broke down in tears. She really broke down and gushed in tears.

[...I think Miyama-san would be allowed to sit within her presence though?]

[!!!]

[Ehh?]

[Indeed, the Goddess of Time seemed to be interested in Miyama-sama, and I'm
rather sure that's actually the main reason why she wants to talk with
Milady...]

Arehh? It looks like the situation is turning ominous though. Thereupon,
Lilia-san looked at me with tears in her eyes. She looks like she's in a mess as
she looks at me.

[N-No, but I'm just a regular commoner...]

[Please come along with me! Kaito-san!!!]

[Uwaaahhh?!]

For the time being, I wish to refrain myself from going into a place that might
make my stomach churn, so I thought of indirectly saying no... But Lilia-san
literally jumped at me.

[Please! Please help me!!]

[Li-Lilia-san?! Your face, your face is too close?! And your grip is too
strong?!]

[I have no one else to turn to!! Meeting her alone is definitely impossible!!]

The words “evidently desperate” were accurately applicable to Lilia-san's
appearance right now, but the real problem for me was actually being hugged by
Lilia-san.

The combination of those things that are extremely soft, the sweet scent of her
perfume tickling my nostrils and her teary eyes... Its destructive power is
immeasurable.

Moreover, even if I try to pull her off away from me, I don't know where such
power is found in her slender body, but she's clinging to me with an outrageous
amount of force that I can't pull her off at all.

This stimulus is too strong for a man of my age who has never had a girlfriend
since birth. Or rather, my back hurts like hell from her embrace!

I mean, it's almost like she's trying to do a knee breaker on me...

[I-I understand! I'll be attending too! I'll be attending already!!]

[Kaito-shaaaaaannnnnnn!!]

[W-Wait, Lilia-san... It hurts...]

[Thank you vewwwyyy muuuucchhhh!!]

[Wait... Seriously... I'm dying here...]

If things continue like this, putting aside my reason, even my life is in
danger. The only way for me to pull her off is to agree to meet the Goddess of
Time along with her, so I desperately told Lilia-san that I would be her at that
time.

Thereupon, Lilia-san's face was overcome with emotions, as if she saw Buddha
from below the pits of hell... That she hugged me “tighter than before” that I
feel like I heard a very unpleasant noise cracking from my back... And my
consciousness went dark.

A hot embrace by a lovely beauty. It's really wonderful when you just put it
into words—but as a person who has fainted under that embrace, I am now
traumatized.

Since I came to this world, I've been traumatized by baby castellas and now, I'm
traumatized by the embrace of a beauty... I feel a little ashamed of myself.

Well, seeing Lilia-san apologize over and over again while she was half-crying,
to the point that it made me feel sorry for her, there's no way that I couldn't
forgive her but...

Anyway, I'll be attending the meeting with the Goddess of Time, even though it
makes my stomach churn, but the Goddess of Time's permission must be given
before I could also attend.

There's a high probability that I will be attending that meeting, but we'll just
talk about it after the Goddess of Time has contacted her about when they would
have this talk.

After dinner and a quick chat with Kusunoki-san and the others, I took a bath
and returned to my room.

[Welcome back\~\~]

[...]

Ah, that's right. Speaking of which, this bundle of absurdity would appear in my
room every night...

However, frustrating it may be, there's no denying the fact that I'm relieved to
see her usual bright smile. I don't know if I'm afraid I'm getting used to it,
or maybe Kuro's smile is just that sly...

[You met Shiro today, right? How did it... Arehh?]

[Unnn?]

Kuro spoke to me with the bright smile she usually had, but for some reason, she
stops speaking in the middle of her story and intently looked at me.

Then, a little later, an unusual... or perhaps, this is just the first time I've
seen it, but there's a surprised expression on her face.

[Kuro?]

[...Kaito-kun. What happened when you met Shiro?]

[Eh?]

[Well, I think Shiro may have told you that I asked her to grant you her
blessing. It's just that the blessing you acquired isn't what I was expecting...
I thought Shiro's blessing was safer than the blessing of an inferior
low-ranking God, even if she was to grant a non-committal blessing to you... But
for her to seriously grant you her blessing? That Shiro did?]

Apparently, Kuro is surprised about the blessing I received from Shiro-san.

She must have expected that she would just nonchalantly grant me her blessing,
but she asked her because it's still better than a low-rank God's blessing.

In fact, at first, Shiro-san did noncommittally granted me her blessing. I'm not
mistaken regarding that since the person herself also said it, but she canceled
it out afterwards and granted her blessing to me again, but she earnestly did it
this time.

When I explained to Kuro about that, including the things that have happened
today and the contents of the conversations I had with Shiro-san, Kuro's eyes
widened in surprise again.

[...Ku—Kukuku...]

[Unnn?]

[Ahahahahahaha!]

[Eh?]

[Kaito-kun, you really said something like that? Ahaha, Shiro probably hasn't
thought that a human would actually say that “It's something you can't do.”]

[Errr... Is it that funny for me to say that?]

[You can say that it's really unusual, but that certainly is something amazing!
I think that you should be proud of that! It's not every day that someone gets
the interest of Shiro!]

Kuro praised me with a smile that looks like she's happy for some reason.

Eh? Did I really do something so outrageous? No, indeed, thoroughly thinking
back on it, that might have been a pretty rude statement to say to a God.

Laughing for a moment, Kuro then began to explain to me, who still didn't
understand, with a smile on her face.

[If I were to describe Shiro, I guess you could say that she has an extremely
impartial doctrine regarding all matters. It might have been strange for me to
say something like this, but she's really unusual\~\~]

[Indeed, she had that mysterious vibe around her but...]

[For example, there would usually, more or less, be a difference between what
you like and what you dislike, right? In my case, I prefer sweet and tasty
sweets compared to those sweets that taste bad, and if I were to ask which one I
like, I will answer that it's the sweet and tasty sweets.]

[Unnn.]

[However, Shiro is different. To Shiro, whether it's sweets that tastes bad or
sweets that tastes delicious... not only that, whether it's the lives living in
the world or the sceneries you can find in it, most of the things that can be
found in the world have “the same value” in her eyes, and anything doesn't have
any superiority or inferiority before Shiro's eyes. In that sense, you could say
that she's extremely benevolent, but that also means that she shows no love to
anything at all. She puts most of the world on the same level and looks at it
the same way... That's the kind of Goddess Shallow Vernal is.]

When I heard Kuro's explanation, the first thing that came to my mind was the
image of that baby castella with a murderously bad taste... Even though
Shiro-san said that it tastes terrible, she didn't seem to mind it at all and
continued to eat it like a normal teacake.

And also, those eyes that gave me the shiver the first time I saw them, those
eyes that made me not know if they were looking at me or at the surrounding
scenery... That means that to Shiro-san, I was only as valuable to her as the
scenery around her, the flowers and grasses in that hanging garden, which is so
to speak, something that had been very natural for her to feel.

[But even that Shiro said that “she's interested in you” to Kaito-kun. This is
even more amazing than you think, Kaito-kun. After all, that means that Shiro
recognizes Kaito-kun's existence. That would mean that she has clearly placed
you above all the other ones which she only feels has the same value.]

[E-Errr...]

[Shiro rarely holds interest in anything. Those things that hold her interest
could probably be counted in one hand.]

How should I say this... The story seems to be getting larger and larger.

To be honest, my head was getting pretty confused as I listened to the words
being told one after another. Or rather, Shiro-san—seems to be more outrageous
of a Goddess than I thought, and I understood once again why Lilia-san and
Lunamaria-san were so surprised that I had tea with her, and having understood
why, a feeling of unease came upon me out of nowhere.

Unnn. That's right... To be honest, instead of feeling like I've done something
great, I think I'm more anxious about what's going to happen now.

[That's why, what you've achieved today is amazing, Kaito-kun... However...]

[...Eh?]

I was in a whirlpool of agony and thought, but with a gentle tone, Kuro suddenly
pulled my hand.

Because of the difference in our height, I was pulled downward, so confused that
I couldn't even resist, and in a posture that looked like I just fell on her
body, Kuro embraced me with her soft touch.

My face touched Kuro's chest, and I could feel the warmth and softness of her
body across her clothing. The sweet scent piercing through my nostrils and
heading straight into my brain, I felt an inexplicable sense of comfort as her
gentle voice resounded in my ears.

[I don't care about that... I'm much happier that you were able to think about
what you wanted and were able to put them into your own words, Kaito-kun.]

[?!]

[...You've worked really hard. The Kaito-kun just now was really cool.]

As I thought, she really is sly.

The confusion and anxiety I was feeling a moment ago, giving me a sense of
warmth and security that I can't contain, all of it was erased from my mind with
just those sentences, as if she could naturally speak the words I want to hear
the most.

I'm sure that I was tired after all these troubles I went through today, but
it's strange that I can't help but feel the urge to do my best again.

Uuuuu. But this stance where a little girl is hugging me while she's gently
stroking my head, it feels really embarrassing for me but... It's no good. I
feel like I've already lost the moment when I wanted to indulge in this
comforting sense of security even just for a little while longer.

I was able to speak my mind against the Goddess. I was somehow able to rouse
myself even against a noble. I was able to prepare myself to participate in a
meeting that would make my stomach churn.

However, against her... is a bit impossible. Or rather, just the thought of
resisting hadn't come upon my mind, and any trauma I might have felt regarding
hugs was flushed out of me.

Instead, it might have been really simplistic of me, but I'm happy to think that
this hug is the best reward I've gotten today.

After Kuro hugged me for a while, I started my practice in using the established
practice of magic, even though I'm still embarrassed. Though I said that, I
still haven't even been able to feel my own magic power yet, so I was still at
the level where I'm trying to remember how to sense magic power, moving around
clad in Kuro's magic power which has been adjusted so I can see it.

[...Hmmm. At this pace, I think you would take 3 more days before you're able to
produce your own magic power, Kaito-kun.]

[Ohhh... Wait, didn't you say that if you're talented, you would be able to do
it only after a day?]

If I'm not mistaken, Kuro said that it would take a day at the earliest and a
month at the latest to use it. I started learning magic from Kuro the night
after I arrived in this world, so this should be the fifth day of my practice.

So if I can use it in three days, that would be 8 days in total... I guess
that's very average huh? No, I had an excellent instructor named Kuro and if it
still took me eight days to use it, I guess I might be rather slow.

[No, I was talking about the situation where someone practices for a whole day.
Kaito-kun only practices for about an hour a day, so I think your pace is pretty
fast.

[Ohh, if Kuro says so, that gives me confidence then.]

[Ahaha, well, anyway, Kaito-kun will be able to use your magic power soon... And
with that, I brought a present for you today, Kaito-kun!]

[A present?]

[Unnn! You see, we had barbecue together yesterday, so the “Afexion” meter
should have went up and that “ebent” have also just happened, that's why I
brought this present!]

[...What?]

Whoa there, I let my guard down for a moment and she started saying strange
things again.

Seeing that I just tilted my head, Kuro sounded confident as she continued to
speak with a smile on her face.

[Fufufu, I perfectly know about this, you know? I've heard about that culture
from your world where you befriend people from other worlds called “tsudi”, and
when you talk with them, the afexion increases, and when you accumulate enough
of this afexion by eating with them or something like that, you'll get a reward
like a weapon or a convenient item!]

[...]

...Where the heck should I start giving my tsukkomi?! Why the heck is Kuro's
knowledge of the other world so strangely inclined to one thing, or rather, what
kind of route did she take that her knowledge is half baked like that?!

She talked about 2-D and Affection, but saying that accumulating Affection gains
you a reward, what she had in mind was probably a mishmash of all sorts of
games.

If she had asked about this from one of the people holding the role of Hero back
then, I wonder how they explained it that they only have half baked knowledge of
our world? Also, her smug smile as she explained that looked kind of cute, but
it's somehow annoying.

As I was confused by Kuro's bizarre knowledge of other world, she pulled a book
out of her coat and placed it in front of me.

[...A book?]

[Unnn. See, there was that book Kaito-kun was reading the other day called
Introduction to Magic, right? After I saw Kaito-kun reading that before, I
thought of making my own version.]

[W-Whoa... This is really amazing...]

[Fufufu, I think this is quite well-written!]

The present Kuro prepared for me is the Introduction to Magic that Lilia-san
gave me... that difficult book... And Kuro, who is well-versed in magic, seems
to have rewritten it, taking into account my reaction to the book over the past
few days and the differences between the magical culture between the humans and
the demons. Picking it up and flipping through a few pages, it's definitely
easier for me to understand it.

If you compare the Introduction to Magic that Lilia-san gave me to a reference
book that's used for exams, the Introduction to Magic that Kuro made for me was
like a school textbook, it explains the basics very carefully in a way that it's
easy for me to understand, even as a beginner.

I'm really grateful for this. I'm sure that I'll be able to make progress with
my studies in the future just by reading it in my free time.

[Thank you very much, Kuro. But, errr, I have one thing I need to discuss with
you...]

[Unnn?]

[This book... Can I show this to Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san... Errr, the other
children who came with me from another world... Or I can't?]

Starting with my thanks to her, I continued by carefully choosing the words I
want to speak.

This book is so easy to understand. That's why I thought of Kusunoki-san and
Yuzuki-san.

I'm blessed, to say the least. I've got the guidance of Kuro, which is in no way
on a level that could be considered normal, so there's a big difference between
us in terms of our circumstances.

I think that the two of them would want to use magic, but the original method of
teaching magic for humans takes a few months, even for a talented person. On
average, one would need to spend as long as a year to be able to use magic.

But in this book, Kuro taught me only two kinds of magic, and it explains in
detail the differences between the so-called magic culture of the demons and the
humans, and even how to handle magic power itself, so I think that if they were
to use this book, they will also be able to use magic really fast.

...However, if I were to show this book to the two of them, I think it's only
polite for me to also tell it to Lilia-san, who is currently teaching us magic.

In that case though, I would also have to tell her about how I'm being taught
magic by Kuro—and I would have to explain how Kuro comes to this residence every
night. That's also the reason why I'm hesitating.

According to Lilia-san and Lunamaria-san, Kuro has been using Information
Concealment Magic on herself and she also usually only shows up when I'm alone,
and when she invited me to barbecue, she also used the name of someone she knows
to invite me.

That would mean that Kuro is hiding her identity and for this reason, I've never
asked Kuro any question regarding her background and why I kept the fact that I
was meeting with her a secret from Lilia-san and the others.

That's why I was trying to indirectly consult her if it's okay to tell Lilia-san
and the others about Kuro, so to speak, and I was losing my bearings thinking of
a way to ask her about it.

I owe Lilia-san a very good debt of gratitude in this world... However, even
so... If I had to choose between the two of them at this point in this... I
would give priority to Kuro. Although it's only been a short time since we met,
Kuro has become quite a big part of my life and I don't want to do anything that
is like I'm betraying her.

That's why this isn't a suggestion or a request, but a discussion instead... If
Kuro shows any signs of being uncomfortable about it...

[I know that you're hiding your background, Kuro, but if it's possible—]

[...Eh?]

[...Eh?]

In the midst of my nervousness, I turned to Kuro to convey my thoughts... but I
stopped talking when I saw the strange look on Kuro's face as she was pulling
out “several books that look the same as the book I had”.

Arehh? Her response was way different than I had expected.

[...Errr, Kuro? What's that?]

[Eh? No, it's just that I thought that if it's Kaito-kun, you would probably be
saying something like that, so I also prepared several copies of the same book.]

[...Errr, there's one thing I want to confirm but...]

[Unnn?]

[Are you hiding your background to the people around you, Kuro?]

[Eh? No, it's not like I'm trying to hide it though?]

[...What?]

Arehh? The heck's happening? For some reason, I feel like there's some
misunderstanding regarding the major premise right from the start.

I thought Kuro was using Information Concealment Magic to hide her identity
because she didn't want people to know about her and that's why she was sneaking
her way here... Don't tell me, am I mistaken?

[...Kuro, why are you using Information Concealment Magic?]

[Unnn? My hobby is eating while on the go and since I was quite famous in the
Human Realm, I'm using it so that I won't make a scene.]

[...Why is that you would always slip through the Detection Barrier to enter
this residence?]

[Eh? It's not that I didn't think of just giving my name to enter normally, but
writing a letter just to visit a Duchy is troublesome...]

[...Then, why is it that you sent that invitation for the barbecue under a
different name?]

[Sending it under the name of a child who lives in the Human Realm makes the
conversation smoother, right?]

[...]

Umu, what she means is that. To sum it up... She's a bit famous in the Human
Realm and she feels that making a scene is troublesome, so she uses Information
Concealment Magic all the time. But it's not like she's really trying to hide
her identity, and it's perfectly fine for her to hand out these books to other
kids and tell Lilia-san about it...

Then what was my concern and determination to consult her for?!

[Ahh\~\~ Errr, Kaito-kun? If you want, do you want me to visit under my name and
explain to them about it?]

[...Unnn. If you do that, it would be a great help. I mean, I wish you had done
it from the beginning though...]

[A-Ahaha, sorry sorry. I wasn't really interested in anyone here other than
Kaito-kun, and I've also been thinking about it... But decided on waiting for
when you ask me about it~]

In the end, my shoulders dropped from getting worked up for nothing. After wryly
smiling and apologizing to me, Kuro takes out a small message card from her
coat, writes something on it, puts it in an envelope and hands it over to me.

[Well then, I have a few things I need to get done tomorrow... So I'll come the
day after tomorrow, so can I give this letter to the homeowner?]

[Yeah, roger that.]

I received the envelope from Kuro, which apparently contains a letter requesting
a quick visit.

How should I say this, I feel kind of tired, but in any case, I can now tell
Lilia-san about Kuro.

I felt awkward hiding things from Lilia-san, who is actually a great help to me,
and if I knew she would easily agree to it, I should have brought up this
conversation earlier...

After the night passed, I quickly explained the situation to Lilia-san while
we're having breakfast.

I'm not sure how much of an effect the Information Concealment Magic has, but at
the very least, it seems like she got the message that I've been meeting with a
demon every night so far, and that the Demon has told me that they want to
officially come visit, to which, Lilia-san nodded as if she was somewhat
convinced.

[I see, it's true that a high-ranking Demon would be able to slip through the
Detection Barriers, so it's not surprising that they have a connection with the
Seditch Magic Tool Company.]

[It's a company with a parent organization that came from the Demon Realm after
all. Rather, the fact that you have become so close to a high-ranking demon that
doesn't normally have much contact with humans... I guess you could say that
it's to be expected from Miyama-sama.]

Lilia-san and Lunamaria-san's reactions weren't as bad as I expected, and in
fact, it was good that they reacted favorably.

It seems that from the beginning, the two of them seemed to be aware of the
possibility that the Demon I encountered when I got lost was a high-ranking
Demon, and they didn't want to get into a situation where they're met with
hostility.

And after listening to what I said, Lilia-san was relieved to find out that Kuro
favors me and that she has the intention of antagonizing her and the others.

That also shows how outrageous the power of a high-ranking demon must be.

[Even so, with that high-ranking Demon adding to the list, this shows how
amazing Kaito-san's ability to have connections with others can be. If it's
someone who often visits the Human Realm, I may have probably spoken to them
before.]

[Yeah, she said that she was quite famous.]

[Fufufu, that kind of makes me nervous. Well, since there's already that one
incident with the Goddess of Time, I doubt that there's anything that would...]

Rather than saying that she's calm about the situation, I think it would be
better to say that Lilia-san received the envelope from me with a somewhat
resigned smile on her face. She then opened the envelope as she talked about the
big event that is coming up for her with a distant look on her face, as if she's
escaping from reality, taking out the folded message card from inside the
envelope, she opened it up—and quickly closed it.

[...]

[Milady?]

[...I must have been seeing things... Just now... I might just... have been
seeing things...]

[Milady... What exactly is happening...]

After closing the message card once again just after she opened it, Lilia-san
started mumbling something, and both Lunamaria-san and us just tilted our heads,
not understanding why.

Then, after taking a deep breath, Lilia-san opened the message card again—and
immediately afterwards, she struck the desk with her face.

[Milady?!]

Lunamaria-san quickly rushed over to her, but Lilia-san didn't react as she laid
down on the desk, and after a few moments, she looked up while holding her head
in her hands, but for some reason, her face was very blue.]

[...I can't take it any more... Kaito-kun's friendly connections... It's
scary...]

[Errr? Milady? What exactly happened?]

After looking at me with trembling eyes filled with fear, she held out the
folded message card with her trembling hand in front of Lunamaria-san, who had a
worried look on her face.

[Alright, Luna. Please take a deep breath... After you keep a strong grip on
your heart, then open it.]

[H-Hahh... Understood.]

Seeing Lilia-san who was pale and shivering on her seat which was quite unusual,
with a dubious expression on her face, Lunamaria-san took a deep breath just as
she was told and with a serious expression on her face, she opened the message
card—and a few seconds later, she collapsed on her knees.

[Luna?! Luna! Please get a hold of yourself!]

[...]

Lilia-san hurriedly calls out to her, but Lunamaria-san just looked stiff and
dumbfounded with her eyes wide open.

Seeing Lunamaria-san looking as if she fainted while kneeling there, Lilia-san
senses that there wouldn't be any response from Lunamaria-san and gives some
instructions to another servant.

A few moments later, a flurry of servants arrived in the dining room, one after
another in a hurry... And if I'm not mistaken, the people who were supposed to
be in charge of various departments gathered, and in front of me, who hadn't
been able to keep up with the situation, the pale Lilia-san opened her mouth.

[All hands, attention! Tomorrow at noon, we'll be receiving a very important
guest!!! Any kind of disrespect in her presence isn't allowed!!! Prepare our
best possible hospitality. Also, “immediately send a fast horse” to convey my
message! Overlook the cost of ingredients... No, tell the King to “send the
royal palace's ingredients, along with the chefs”!]

[Huh? M-Milady... What's happening...]

I can understand why they're like that just from hearing all these preposterous
instructions she's telling them. I mean, the servants also seem like they're
confused, as if they don't understand the situation.

And when one of the servants timidly asks, Lilia-san stops moving... and with
tears in her eyes, she spoke.

[...coming... tomorrow...]

[...Eh?]

[Like I said! Tomorrow noon!! “Underworld King-sama” is coming here tomorrow!!!]

[ [ [ ?!?!?! ] ] ]

Lilia-san's voice that sounded like a scream echoed and vanished from the
surroundings.

---

High-ranking Demons... They're beings recognized to be possessing a certain
level of power. In the Demon Realm's society, where having a high level of
ability is directly connected to the position they hold, it's a great asset to
have such title.

And one of such high-ranking demons, a demon that holds the title of a
Viscount-rank, is now—in despair.

Her subordinate Demons that existed in full view until just a few moments ago
have fallen to the ground like corpses, and as if the wind itself has stopped
blowing, the sounds in the surroundings disappeared.

It all happened in an instant. The castle was decorated with glittering
ornaments, the numerous treasures that she had stored away, and the influence
and majesty she had as a high-ranking Demon—all of them disappeared in about a
blink of an eye.

How could this happen? This question that's floating around in her mind, but
wasn't able to leave her trembling mouth.

It's not that her ability to speak disappeared. But along with the shaking of
her body from fear, her effort to keep a tight grip on her remaining
consciousness from despair, and from the fact that she mustn't look away—No, she
couldn't look away.

That's because the person who has complete control in that room hasn't allowed
it...

[...I originally have my guesses.]

A voice like a bell echoes in that quiet room. Before the gaze of the despairing
demon were golden eyes shimmering in the darkness.

[The Recognition Inhibition Magic casted on Kaito-kun. From the feeling of magic
power, I had already thought that a Demon was probably involved in it, but I
still wasn't quite clear who exactly it was.]

The motive for this was just a trivial desire.

It wasn't that the Demon wanted to stand at the top of the Demon Realm or
anything of that magnitude.

It's just that she wanted to reach a slightly higher position than she had right
now. She wanted to gain greater wealth and authority than she had right now. To
achieve this, she sought after the technology that doesn't exist in this
world... However, just because of this small ambition this Demon held, she
brought destruction upon herself.

[A high-ranking Demon from the Demon Realm messes with the Human Realm... and
the people who came from another world. This is a pretty troublesome problem,
isn't it? That's why I wanted to get this solved as soon as possible... But
thanks to Kaito-kun, it was good that I was able to find this problem sooner.]

In the Demon Realm, there are beings that can't be opposed, even by the
high-rank Demons who hold high positions. They were such beings that opposing
them is a direct way towards your destruction... They were beings holding power
that was overwhelmingly incomparable to others...

[She usually doesn't cooperate with me in regards to things like this, but I
guess it's because she was interested in Kaito-kun. The fact that she's very
cooperative in helping me regarding this matter... was quite bad luck for you.
As long as Shiro's “eyes” search for you, there's no room for you to try to
deceive us.]

Step by step, the golden eyes come closer, clad in magic power that seems to
swallow up the space.

As if to give the Demon, who can't escape, time to regret her actions, the
Underworld King slowly walked and stood before the Demon.

[...Now then, what do we do if we do something bad?]

[...Ahh... uwaahh... M-My...]

[Unnn?]

[...Please accept... my apologies...]

She feels fear to the extent that even the word “despair” is quite lukewarm.

After going against the will of the apex being of the Demon Realm, this Demon
doesn't hold any freedom anymore, even the freedom to die. Imagining the
punishment that she would receive that even granting her death is an act of
kindness, the Demon squeezed out an apology and put her head on the ground.

[Unnn. Well then, I'll let you off the hook this time.]

[...Yes... Eh?]

After taking in those words into her mind—the Demon sounded dumbfounded as she
looked up at her.

To put it bluntly, she didn't immediately understand the meaning of those words.
Because this Demon had gone against one of the Six King's will, because of a
petty desire, she isolated one of the otherworlders by casting Recognition
Inhibition Magic, and planned to brainwash him after that and use him as a pawn.

So to speak, it's an act that would have breached the friendly relationship
between the Demon Realm and the Human Realm, and she hadn't thought that there
was any way that such an act would be forgiven...

[In this case, I just happened to be the one walking by, and you only casted a
Recognition Inhibition Magic and it ended with that, and it didn't cause any
real harm.]

[...Y-Yes.]

Yes, in a way, you could say that this Demon was both lucky and unlucky.

It was unlucky of her that when she violated the taboo out of desire, one of the
Six Kings had found out about it... but the fact that the one who dealt with her
was the most benevolent among the Six Kings, the Underworld King, and even
though she tried to manipulate the otherworlder to gain their knowledge, but it
was still a blessing in disguise that the plan ultimately ended as just an
attempt.

However, when she said “this time”...

[You shouldn't bother others or do anything bad, alright? There will be no “next
time”...]

[Hiihhh?!]

Yes, she was able to forgive her this time. However, there will be no next
time... If you're a Demon, even a baby can understand the meaning of being told
these words directly by one of the Six Kings.

From now on, this Demon will spend countless years carrying the fear that one of
the Six Kings had her eyes on her, while making sure that she must live honestly
and righteously. For even the smallest of misdeeds will not be forgiven the next
time.

In a way, this may be the punishment given to this Demon. For the Demon, which
has an incomparably long life span compared to Humans, the day when they will be
freed from the fear in her heart is too far away...

[Now then, with that out of the way... You have collaborated with some of the
Human nobles, haven't you?]

[?!]

[Of course... You will tell me about them, won't you?]

[...Y-Yes. As you wish, I will tell you about all of them...]

Not having any will to disobey anymore, the paleness on the Demon's face
remained as she spat out all the information she had.

---

I was just vaguely aware that she was a being that holds great power.

However, it's true that sometimes, she had that look on her face as if she have
it all figured out, or that part where high-ranking Demons, such as Ein-san and
Sechs-san, have sworn absolute loyalty to her, and how she directly asked a
Goddess to bless me. Thinking about these cases, there were indeed some parts of
me that really might be so... but still, I never thought that Kuro was the
Underworld King.

I mean, for argument's sake, why is it that one of the pinnacle of the Demon
Realm would just wander around like that?

Perhaps, they continued cleaning the mansion throughout the night? In front of
the mansion, which was cleaned so nicely that you'd think it was a new building,
most of the employees serving the Albert Duchy are assembled.

I don't know if it's because of those things she needs to do that she mentioned
the other night or the fact that she'll be visiting today anyway, but Kuro
didn't appear in my room last night, and that's partly why I'm feeling nervous.

In the quiet silence of the air, I look at the pocket watch in my hand. The
moment the ticking second hand circles around and the time indicates that noon
has arrived—the air changed.

[?!]

If I were to compare it to something, it would be as if the air around us had
suddenly turned heavy or something like that... A heavy pressure began weighing
on my body.

The scenery ahead of us trembled as if we're looking at a mirage, and in front
of the wide-opened gate, Kuro appeared. She still had her black coat wrapped
around her body, but Kuro doesn't have the usual smile on her face, and the
atmosphere she had is different from usual.

The people around her, including Lilia-san and I, spontaneously found ourselves
bowing our heads. It's as if everything in the surrounding space was prostrating
themselves in front of her, and only the sound of Kuro's footsteps echoed within
the silence.

Her beautiful silver-white hair shimmered in the sunlight, and her golden eyes
silently gazed only in front of her.

That is indeed—the march of a king.

It was supposed to be a solo march with no other members around her, but there
was a tremendous presence and a sense of intimidation around her, as if tens of
thousands of troops were advancing.

It has only been a few seconds of walking from the gate to the front door. We
can't look away, we can't speak, and we can't even breath as we watched as the
Absolute walked filled with confidence.

Thereupon, Kuro stood in front of deeply bowing Lilia-san and calmly spoke.

[My apologies for coming on such short notice. Duchess Albert.]

[T-There's no need for apologies... Welcome, thank you for coming. Underworld
King Kuromueina-sama.]

[Unnn. I know this is very sudden, I'd like to take my time talking to you, so
would it be alright for us to go in?]

[Of course. Please come in...]

Exchanging greetings with Lilia-san with her calm, but surely majestic voice,
Kuro walked straight into the mansion, guided by Lilia-san.

Instead of the small reception room, we moved to a neatly decorated reception
hall, and inside, only Lilia-san, Lunamaria-san, me, Kusunoki-san, Yuzuki-san
and a few servants entered, and then, the large door closed.

Feeling Kuro's overwhelming presence that is so different from the atmosphere
she usually had that even a large room like this feels small, I looked at her,
confused from seeing Kuro acting in a way I've never seen before.

Thereupon, when I met eyes with Kuro, she looked back at me with the usual
bright smile on her face and the pressure that had been weighing down on me
immediately disappeared afterwards.

[What do you think of that, Kaito-kun? My serious mode! Aren't I cool?!]

[...]

She just ruined the majestic image she had just now. I'll repeat this twice
because it's that important, she just ruined the majesty she had just now.

I would like it if you would give back all the reverence I had in you and the
thoughts that I had that you really are the Underworld King after I saw your
“majesty”. Also, even if that smug face of yours looks cute, it's still kind of
annoying.

Anyway, it seems that Kuro's serious mode disappeared and her normal mode
returned, as she is now talking to me with the bright smile she usually had.
Lilia-san, who was stunned by her change, recommended that we be seated. Taking
a seat in front of the large table, Kuro looked at me and tapped the seat next
to her.

[Kaito-kun, here, here.]

[...Errr... Unnn. Alright.]

It seems like she wants me to sit next to her, and as I don't know what to do, I
looked towards Lilia-san, who silently nodded her head.

What she means is that she wants me to go along with Kuro's wish. Recognizing
that, I went along with what Kuro wanted and sat next to her.

Now then, what should I do about this... The fact that she's back to how she
normally acts means that she's probably going to sulk if I spoke to her in a
respectful manner, so I guess it would be better if I talk to her like I usually
do huh?

[Kuro is the Underworld King huh...]

[Ahh\~\~ That seems to be the case, but the people around me just called me that
for their own convenience and I've never really introduced myself with that\~\~]

[Certainly, somehow, I feel like you wouldn't fit the image of someone with a
title like that.]

[Ahaha, that's right\~\~]

Seeing me talking to Kuro with the tone I usually had, Lilia-san looked pale,
but Kuro didn't seem to be bothered by it and replied with a bright smile on her
face.

And in front of Kuro, Lunamaria-san brought a cup of tea, looking extremely
nervous.

[U-Underworld King-sama... P-Please have some tea...]

[Thanks\~\~, arehh?]

[?!]

Seeing the tea that Lunamaria-san placed down in front of her, Kuro looked at
Lunamaria-san's face and after saying a few words of thanks, she tilted her
head.

Seeing her reacting to something, Lunamaria-san thought that she had probably
done something careless, so she hurriedly got on her knees and tried to bow, but
immediately afterwards, she stiffened at the words Kuro had said.

[You, we met about ten years ago, didn't we?]

[?!?!]

[If I'm not mistaken... You're Lunamaria-chan, right?]

[...S-So you... remembered me...]

After catching on to the words that Kuro said, Lunamaria-san's eyes widened as
if to say she couldn't believe it, it's as if she's stunned as she muttered so.

[Of course I remember you. How's your mother doing?]

[Y-Yes?! Thanks to Underworld King-sama, she could even be described as the
embodiment of healthiness itself!]

[I see, that's good.]

[Yes... All of it was thanks to Underworld King-sama. I couldn't even express my
gratitude for that time...]

Come to think of it, Lilia-san did say that Lunamaria-san had met Kuro before,
and at that time, she began to adore the Underworld King at the level of a
zealot?

Lunamaria-san didn't think that Kuro would remember her after only meeting once,
and she looked like she's overcome with emotions, she brought her hand together
and deeply bowed her head.

[Don't worry about that. You've grown up huh. I'm glad that we met again.]

[Y-Your words... are wasted for this lowly me.]

With a bright smile on her face, Kuro patted Lunamaria-san's head, while
Lunamaria-san was overcome with emotions again and burst into tears.

I can only assume from their exchange that something must have happened to
Lunamaria-san's mother and Kuro helped her out with that.

In other words, she owes a great debt of gratitude to her, and that's why she
admired her so much. It was quite a good story, wasn't it...

And then, after Lunamaria-san went on and thanked Kuro repeatedly, she got up
and went back behind Lilia-san, but on the way there, I could hear her quietly
muttering something.

[...Underworld King-sama... called me by my name... she patted me... to feel
such happiness... I think I could now die in peace...]

[...]

Unnn. Lunamaria-san... Don't you think that the needle of your vector has
already swung too far past the feeling of gratitude? She has an expression on
her face that looks like ecstasy, her face is all red like a maiden in love, and
her gaze has only been focused on Kuro some time ago...

Putting that zealot aside, the conversation between Kuro and the homeowner,
Lilia-san, began again.

However, it seems that Kuro has already left her serious mode and returned back
to her normal mode, so she continued talking to Lilia-san, who is very nervous
and stiff, with a bright smile on her face.

[Duchess Albert... Can I just call you Lilia-chan?]

[Eh? Ah, yes. Of course.]

[Well then, once again, nice to meet you. I'm really sorry for the sudden visit
today. However, you didn't really have to be exaggerated in your welcome, you
know?]

[N-No! Rather, my apologies for the poor hospitality in receiving Underworld
King-sama. This was my fault.]

[No no, you really don't have to worry about it at all, you know? I mean, you
can stop calling me Underworld King-sama and just call me by my name, alright?]

[N-No, I wouldn't be so disrespectful to just...]

Kuro still had a smile on her face while talking with her, looking the same as
ever, but nervousness was clear from Lilia-san's face.

[Ah, these must be the children from another world who arrived together with
Kaito-kun, right~?]

[Ah, yes! I'm Kusunoki Aoi.]

[I-I'm Yuzuki Hina.]

[Aoi-chan and Hina-chan huh. I'm Kuromueina. Nice to meet you~]

Kuro calls out to Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san as well, and the both of them
looked flustered as they bowed their heads.

Both of them look quite bewildered... Unnn. I can really understand how they
feel, she doesn't feel like a remarkable person at all, even though she's
supposed to be one of the Six Kings. I'm already used to Kuro always having this
tone, so I'm fine with it, but to Lilia-san and the others, it's like a king is
suddenly talking to them like they're friends, making you feel like you don't
know what to do.

[Ah, that's right. Lilia-chan, you may have heard about it from Kaito-kun
already, but I'm sorry for entering the mansion without permission until now.]

[Ah, i-it's alright?! Of course, I don't mind! Rather, I'm sorry that I wasn't
able to meet you until now...]

[I'd like to keep coming back often if it's possible, but is it alright?]

[Y-Yes?! If Underworld King-sama wishes, then please visit whenever you please!]

Ah, Lilia-san is starting to panic. It's like she's already fed up with
everything.

Especially when Kuro apologized for sneaking in without permission just now and
bowed her head, her complexion went from blue to white and besides, because of
the fast pace they were speaking, I feel like she wasn't able to keep up with
the situation at all.

Thereupon, as if to help out the panicking Lilia-san, teacakes are brought in at
this exact moment.

There are brightly colored confections, especially some artistic-looking cakes
that clearly look like they were made by a first class patissier.

Looking at it, which would have been prepared for an existence that can be
rightly called a guest of honor, Kuro quietly murmurs in a voice that only I,
who is next to her, can hear.

[Ueeggghh... That looks difficult to eat...]

[...]

Unnn. I had a feeling that it was quite different from Kuro's image, but these
lavish sweets weren't really Kuro's taste.

Thinking back upon it, she was usually eating baby castellas, and according to
her, she likes to eat food that she could eat while walking, so I had thought
that she prefers sweets that are more common.

My prediction seemed to be correct, and Kuro just ended up taking a bite of each
of the snacks and not touching any more of them, just as a matter of courtesy...
It appears that she doesn't really like it.

Lilia-san also seemed to have figured out that Kuro didn't like the snacks that
were served to her, cold sweat has begun to flow down her pale face, making her
look pitiable.

And as if it's dealing the final blow while Lilia-san is like that, a servant
comes into the room by himself, tells Lunamaria-san something and leaves the
room.

[Milady, a messenger from the royal palace with a letter from His Majesty the
King has arrived.]

[Ah, the King probably wants to say a few words to Underworld King-sama in
person... Underworld King-sama, a letter from His Majesty the King has—?!]

From the content of the conversation, the king of this country... That is to
say, Lilia-san's brother, wants to pay his respects to the Underworld King,
Kuro.

However, since Kuro is currently a guest of Albert Duchy and didn't come here to
see the king, he may have sent a messenger to ask for permission.

Lilia-san immediately understood the king's intentions and tried to get
confirmation from Kuro, but when Kuro heard what she said... the smile on her
face disappeared.

[...Unnn? Ummm, Lilia-chan?]

[Y-Yes?!]

[...”The King of Symphonia, who didn't invite my favorite Kaito-kun in that
evening party, treating him like an outcast, said what?]

[...Ah, no, errr...]

Receiving Kuro's words, which had extinguished the smile she had on her face a
while ago and having a clear full-blown displeased aura around her, Lilia-san
began sweating like a waterfall.

[I didn't hear you well, so why don't you say it again...]

[...I apologize. We were mistaken. Luna... Push it back to them.]

[Understood.]

As if Kuro's intentions were sufficiently conveyed, Lilia-san quickly pretended
that what she had just said hadn't happened. Then, she gave her instructions in
a voice that feels like it was imbued in killing intent, and Lunamaria-san, who
received her command while her eyes were still perfectly fixated on Kuro, perked
up her hand and exited the room.

[...Again, that stupid Older brother... I knew I should have cut his head
off...]

Turning away from Kuro, whose air had obviously changed, Lilia-san held her head
in her hands and quietly muttered in a voice filled with killing intent...
Lilia-san, you've worked hard.

Lilia-san has an expression on her face that looks like she's about to start
crying, glancing towards me as if she's asking for help.

This probably means that she wants me to do something that could somehow return
Kuro's mood back to normal... Errr, what should I do? Ah, that's right. I have
that.

[...Come to think of it, I bought some sweets that I thought Kuro would like.]

[Eh? Kaito-kun bought me something?]

Not really able to ignore the really pitiable Lilia-san's plea for help, I took
out the cookies I bought yesterday from my magic box.

[Ahh! Jam cookies!]

It seems that I was able to attract her interest and after looking at the jam
cookies I gave her with interest, Kuro picked one and brought it to her mouth.

[Uwaahh! This is really tasty! Kaito-kun, where did you buy this?]

[Errr, it's in a confectionery on the street west of the fountain square.]

[West? Errr, that shop next to a bookstore?]

[No, I'm pretty sure that next to it was a bakery...]

[Ahh! That shop is on the opposite side huh... Uwaahhh, I didn't know they sold
tasty sweets there. Say, do they also sell some jam there too?]

[Yeah, they're selling different varieties of jams there.]

[Ohh, then I'll go get some later\~\~]

It seems that she liked the cookies, Kuro began taking one after another with a
big smile on her face.

It seems that she really likes these kinds of common sweets better. The pace
that she's eating it was clearly different from the sweets just now.

Anyway, Kuro's mood, which had been a little displeased, has returned to normal
and she resumed the conversation with Lilia-san with a bright smile on her face.

At first, Lilia-san looked a bit confused and nervous, but as expected from
Kuro, she cheerfully talked about topics one after another, and Lilia-san's
smile gradually appeared and her stiffness disappeared, so the conversation
between them became more lively.

The fun conversation continued, as if the words “friendly conversation”
perfectly fit, and before I knew it, time had flown by and it was time for Kuro
to leave.

[Well then, Lilia-chan. I had a great time today. Thanks.]

[No, it's my pleasure instead, Kuromueina-sama. Please come visit again.]

[Unnn. Ah, next time, you don't have to be so exaggerated with your welcome,
okay?]

[Fufufu, I understand.]

Lilia-san has already opened up with Kuro, she calls her with her name now
instead of calling her Underworld King-sama, her title.

No, I think it's better to say that Kuro's social skills, or rather, her
communipower are really great. Not only Lilia-san, she also quickly became
friends with Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san.

[Aoi-chan and Hina-chan too, let's talk again.]

[Yes. Kuromu-sama.]

[Kuromu-sama, tell us more stories about you again.]

Responding to Kuro's call, Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san nodded with pleasant
smiles on their faces.

The reason they were still calling Kuro by her nickname is because they still
strongly sense that she is the Underworld King. If I'd known that Kuro was the
Underworld King when I first met her, I would have called her that way too...
Well, I've gotten used to calling her Kuro, so I'm not going to change it at
this time...

[Lunamaria-chan, the black tea you served me was quite tasty. Let me drink some
again, okay?]

[Y-Yes! Please come whenever you like.]

Incidentally, Lunamaria-san is still the same as ever. In her case though, her
liking for Kuro has been overwhelming right from the start, so every time she
speaks to Kuro, she looks like she's on the edge of happiness... And honestly,
it was pretty scary.

[Ah, that's right. I almost forgot... Lilia-chan, here.]

[Eh, this is—?!]

After exchanging goodbyes with each of them, it seems like Kuro suddenly
remembered something as she took out a piece of paper from her coat and handed
it to Lilia-san.

Lilia-san received the paper and nodded her head once, but when she looked at
the contents written on the paper, her eyes widened.

[...I've already dealt with those that were on the Demon Realm's side... Can I
leave those that were in the Human Realm?]

[Yes. Please leave it to me.]

[Unnn. I'll leave it to you~]

I didn't understand the contents, but it seemed to be something important, as
Lilia-san nodded with a serious expression on her face after receiving Kuro's
words.

Hmmm. I wonder what they're talking about... now that Kuro has been able to get
to know everyone, she can carefreely visit here in the future. I think this
should have been a joyous occasion, but how should I say it, the mood is a
little complicated.

All in all, I don't think Kuro and I got to talk very much today... Could it be
that I was just lonely after not being able to talk with her?

If that's so, that was quite shameful of me... There's no denying that I feel
embarrassed.

I knew that Kuro has a personality that can get along with anyone, and that's
also probably why I got along so well with her. And yet, when I finally saw that
Kuro was so close to Lilia-san and the others, it was quite unmanly of me to
feel like I've lost my advantage over them.

To Kuro, I'm just a “friend” and I'm not particularly special at all. Maybe it's
because of the long history of being a loner that I have a bad habit of
overinterpreting the good will that I'm not used to being directed at.

I was just a misunderstanding bastard... Ugghh, I'm starting to feel pathetic
thinking like that to myself. I need to reflect on this for a moment and
straighten out my mind...

[...Kaito-kun, Kaito-kun.]

[Eh? Unnn?]

As I was thinking about that, I saw Kuro beckoning me, and as I approached her,
she stood on her tiptoes and whispered in my ear.

[...Thanks for the cookies, they made me so happy. It feels lonely not being
able to talk with you so much today, so let's go somewhere, “just the two of
us”, next time.]

[...Eh?]

After saying that like sweet whispers murmuring in my ear, Kuro smiled brightly
like a blooming flower, and left while greatly waving her hand. I really can't
win against her... In the end, it seems like Kuro could see through everything.

After Kuro left, the mansion, which had been somewhat hectic, settled down and
all of us took a break to drink tea before having dinner.

[Even so, Kaito-san really never ceases to amaze me. I never thought that I
would be inviting any of the Six Kings-sama into my mansion.]

[Ahaha, no, we really only met by chance...]

[Along with your humility, “Kaito-sama” truly is a wonderful person. This
Lunamaria thanks the Gods for the good fortune of meeting Kaito-sama.]

[...]

Receiving Lilia-san's words she spoke with a wry smile on her face, I replied
with a wry smile too but... A certain person looked strange. There's something
different about the way she's calling me, and looking at those shining eyes of
hers... I feel really frightened for some reason...

[Ummm, Lilia-san... There's something strange with Lunamaria-san... Or rather,
she looks really scary now...]

[...She must have been that happy after meeting Kuromueina-sama. She should
return back to normal after a while.]

It seems that a strange switch had been completely turned on from Lunamaria-san.
She's been like this ever since Kuro left, and she's been lifting me up like
crazy while talking to me, and how should I say this, it's like she completely
lost control of herself.

I decided to ignore Lunamaria-san until she returned back to normal and returned
my attention to my conversation with Lilia-san and the others.

[Even so, Kuromu-sama was quite a fun person to talk with, wasn't she? Are all
members of the Six Kings that friendly?]

[No, Kuromueina-sama... the Underworld-sama is said to be the kindest of the Six
Kings, along with the World King-sama. In fact, it was the first time I had
talked with her, but she was really kind just as the rumors say.]

In response to Kurunoki-san's words, Lilia-san goes on to explain.

Even though the Six Kings are lumped together, their personalities seem to vary
from the others... Well, I have a feeling that the Demon Realm wouldn't be very
viable if all of the kings had the same personality as Kuro.

[Speaking of the other members of the Six Kings... I've never spoken to them
directly, so I've only heard about them through rumors... It is said that the
World King is a gentle person and will forgive you if you were slightly impolite
to them. On the other hand, it is said no one has lived after displeasing the
War King and the Death King. As for the Dragon King and the Phantasmal King, I
don't know because I haven't heard many rumors about them.]

To summarize what she said, the Underworld King... Kuro and the World King are
the gentle ones, the War King and the Death King are the bad-tempered ones and
when it comes to the Dragon King and the Phantasmal King, she doesn't know.

However, the War King and the Death King... not only their names, even their
personalities are very dangerous. They must be in a good mood or you may lose
your life... That sounds quite scary.

As if she sensed my anxiety, Lilia-san wryly smiled and spoke.

[W-Well, it's originally impossible for one to speak directly with any of the
Six Kings... Yes, this is just an exceptionally unprecedented situation even
among the unprecedented situations...]

[...However, if it's Miyama-senpai, don't you think he would be able to meet the
other Six Kings as well?]

[...Kaito-san, are you trying to kill me with anxiety?]

[No, as expected, there's no way that could happen...]

Hearing the words Yuzuki-san blurted out, Lilia-san turned pale as she muttered
while looking at me, so I replied to her while greatly shaking my head.

As expected, there's no way I would get to know the other members of the Six
Kings. It would be different if Kuro had introduced me to them or something like
that, but at least, I now know that Kuro is the Underworld King, so I can just
confirm it to her beforehand.

Well, no matter how Kuro acts, she shouldn't be able to just introduce me to
other members of the Six Kings, so there shouldn't be any problems.

[...That's true, isn't it?! You're not hiding any friendship you had with any
other outrageous people anymore, right?! You don't actually know the other
members of the Six Kings, right? The next time you bring one of them home, I'm
going to cry, you know?!]

[No, seriously, the only demons I know of are the people that were introduced to
me as Kuro's family, so it will be alright.]

[I-Is that so... In that case, that's a relief.]

It's really like Lilia-san has already grown tired of it, but when it comes to
the other demons that I've met, other than the demons that I've already told
about them should be Ein-san and Sechs-san whose identities they weren't able to
hear before. Speaking of the two of them, Ein-san could be said to be a really
amazing person... Since she had pledged her loyalty to Kuro, I don't think she
will be one of the Six Kings, so she should be fine.

Hearing my words, Lilia-san pats her chest and lets out a sigh of relief.

[In any case, even though I still have that talk with the Goddess of Time, some
of the things weighing on my shoulders have disappeared to some extent. I think
I should be able to get a good night's sleep today.]

[...What are you saying, Milady?]

[...Eh?]

Lilia-san, who is leaning back in her chair as if to say that she's really tired
from the bottom of her heart, was interrupted by Lunamaria-san, who has returned
to her normal state before I knew it.

[Milady, I don't think that this may be the case but... Are you thinking that
you would be able to get some rest for today?]

[Eh? Eh?]

After muttering those ominous words, Lunamaria-san ignored Lilia-san, who had an
anxious expression on her face and left the room. And a little while later, she
returned with both hands full of some things that looked like letters.

And those letters, which can be best described as a mountain of papers, were
casually placed in front of Lilia-san's eyes.

[These are the letters that arrived from the royal palace, nobles, merchants and
the temple.]

[...Whhhyyyyy...]

[It doesn't seem like—you've forgotten about it, but it seems that you haven't
thought about it but... Milady. Your current social standing is that of a noble
who “had unprecedentedly received the blessing of the Goddess of Time” and
moreover, someone whose “residence had been unprecedentedly visited by the
Underworld King-sama”, remember? Only the royal capital knows of this at the
moment, but I'm sure that this will become a huge rumor in the surrounding
countries as well.]

[...]

Indeed, just like Lunamaria-san said, Lilia-san is currently the woman of the
hour. It was no wonder since she was considered as a noble who had experienced
two unprecedented situations in a short span of time and had built powerful
connections with both the God Realm and the Demon Realm.

[...H-However, Kuromueina-sama only came here because she was acquainted with
Kaito-san...]

[Even though that may be the truth, the people around won't necessarily think
so. A duchess with connections to the beings near the pinnacle of the God Realm
and the Demon Realm... I'm sure that there will be lots of people who would want
to befriend Milady. We'll probably get dozens of such letters in the next few
days.]

[...]

[Therefore, I think you should go read these letters “from today” and begin
dealing with them.]

[...]

Lilia-san's expression has been completely dyed in the color of despair.

There are so many letters in there that it seems like they're nearly a hundred,
and honestly, I think that just looking through them would be quite a challenge.
If she also need to write replies to them, I don't think she would have time to
sleep properly.

[...No more... Kaito-san... I hate you...]

Lilia-san, who is hatefully looking at me with eyes completely filled with
tears, quickly turned away and sipped her black tea. Somehow, I'm really sorry,
Lilia-san. However, there's nothing I can do about it.
