---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 1: Dyed in Black, the Encounter with the Beginning

I didn't realize it in my confusion, but I remembered that I hadn't touched the
black tea that Luna-san had given me, so I took a sip of it. I don't really know
whether it was tasty or not, but all this strange situation made me quite
thirsty, so I felt that it was rather tasty.

[...It's a delicious herb tea.]

[I am honored by your praise, Kusunoki-sama.]

It looks like it wasn't a black tea, but herb tea. I mean, there's no way I
would know about this fancy stuff...

[Well then, let me continue the explanation. As I mentioned earlier, every 10
years, we would invite a hero from your world. That's why we, to some extent,
understand the differences between your world and ours, so I'm going to explain
it in order.]

I see. Indeed, if they had been inviting someone from our world every 10 years,
and a thousand years have already passed, calculating it with simple math, they
should have already invited 100 people from our world. In other words, they
already knew what to explain to people from another world... However, the
summoning this time was an irregularity, so the explanation they would be giving
here would probably differ from the one given to the Hero, but I suppose the
gist would be the same, right?

[Firstly, about the period of one year, this world's calendar has the Fire
month, Water month, Tree month, Earth month, Wind month and the Light month.
After the Light month would be the 2nd Fire month through Wind month, but
instead of Light month, it's called Heaven month. There are 30 days in a month,
so there are 360 days in a year. Incidentally, today is the 30th of Heaven
month, the day before a new year comes.]

So basically, there are 360 days in a year. I guess that means it's almost the
same as the world we came from. And the day that we were summoned would be the
New Year's eve in Japan, right?

[Therefore, you will only be able to return on the 30th during the next Heaven
month. Next, about time, I have heard that it's the same, with there being 24
hours in a day. Do you have any questions regarding the topics up until now?]

[No, I don't have any questions.]

[Well then, next is about our currency. The unit of currency in our world is
Rira, R for short, and we have six different kinds of money we use, namely Hard
Coin, Iron Coin, Copper Coin, Silver Coin, Gold Coin and White Gold Coin. One
hard coin is 1R, an iron coin is 10R, a copper coin is 100R, a silver coin is
1000R, a gold coin is 10,000R and a whilte gold coin is worth 100,000R. The
common household's general monthly income is about 2000R to 4000R.]

I guess that means 1R is roughly 100¥, with no units smaller in value than that
huh? If one makes 2 to 3 silver coins a month, I guess it might be enough for
someone to live with 4 gold coins a year? Unnn, I'm still fine. My head can
still keep up.

[Firstly, everyone will be given 50 silver coins... 50,000R, so please feel free
to spend them freely on sightseeing. Gold coins and white gold coins can't be
used at stalls and cheaper stores, so we opted to give you all silver coins
instead.]

[Bfuhh?!]

As Lilia-san said this with a smile, Luna-san placed beautifully decorated
pouches containing the silver coins in front of us.

50,000R. Converted to Japanese yen, that's 5 million yen a person. I guess
that's to be expected from a Duke huh...

[Ahh, errr... As expected, this is just...]

[I understand that you may think this is too little. Considering that you were
suddenly summoned to another world, we understand that this is too little to
apologize for what we've done.]

[Ah, no...]

It's the opposite, this is already too much. Although this amount of money
certainly is enough to live without inconvenience for a year, as expected,
giving such a large sum of money to mere students will only get us confused...
No, wait a second. If I were to include our living expenses... Since we're
clueless about the standard for living in this world, it might just be enough
money for us to live in the same way in our previous world.

That's right, isn't it? As expected, even if she told us that she will guarantee
our food, clothing, and shelter, it's not like they'd let us live in the Duke's
house, and would instead arrange a room at an inn or something like that.

[Of course, your food, clothing and shelter will be prepared separately, and you
don't have obligations to pay taxes either. Please use that money for
sightseeing and for your hobbies.]

The living expenses aren't included in it?! Then, isn't this really too much for
us?!

[I-If it's like that, then isn't this too much?]

Good job, Kusunoki-san! Yes, that's right. That's what I wanted to say.

[Kusunoki-sama, you need not worry. This is the only way I can apologize for
getting you all involved in this, so please don't think twice about spending it
all... If it's insufficient, we shall prepare more for you.]

[Incidentally, the funds prepared are all taken out from Milady's private
savings, so you don't need to hold back. Milady is the lonesome head of a Duchy
with no expensive hobbies, and much less a husband, not even a candidate for
such a position exists. Thus, the amount of money she has saved is quite
considerable.]

[Luna... Why must you hurt me in this way? You're my maid, aren't you?]

[Yes, this Lunamaria is a maid who had sworn her body and soul to Milady
Lilia-sama, and will always be Milady's ally.]

[......]

It seems like Lilia-san has her own troubles huh. No, seriously... Also, it
seems that Luna-san's real name is Lunamaria-san. Let's take note of that.

[Well then, Milady. Though I understand how you feel regarding your worries
about exceeding the optimal age for marriage, I think it's about time...]

[I've never once brought that topic up, did I?! Why in the world are you just
bringing things like this up?! Ahh, geez! A-Anyway, we certainly can't continue
talking in this place for too long. Everyone, I would like to ask for your
patience in receiving the explanation about the common sense of this world after
we've moved back to my house... Would that be alright?]

[Arehh? This isn't, errr, Lili... Duchess Albert-sama's house?]

[Miyama-sama, it's fine to call me by my first name, Lilia. Also, you don't need
to call me by my title, and you can informally speak to me.]

[Ah, errr, I'll call you Lilia-san then. Also, you can just call me Kaito... my
first name. You also don't need to add honorifics.]

[I understand. I will call you Kaito-san from now on. Well then, for your
earlier question... Yes, this is the temple where the Hero Summoning is
conducted, and isn't my private house, so let's continue our conversation after
moving.]

The way Lilia-san gently smiled was really pretty, that I couldn't help but be
mesmerized by her beauty. Hmmm, she's beautiful, kind, has a high social status,
and rich, but she's still single. The world sure works in strange ways.

After that, Lilia-san left the room, saying that she was going to check the
progress on Mitsunaga-kun's side, so the three of us, plus Lunamaria-san, were
left alone in the room.

[Everyone, would you like another cup of tea?]

[T-Thank you very much. Ummm, Lunamaria-san?]

[Yes, what is it, Yuzuki-sama?]

[This might be a rude question... but Lilia-san is so beautiful and stylish,
she's also so kind, and yet... why does she still not have a lover...]

[Hina-chan... you...]

[Ah, no, Senpai is also curious about that, right?]

It seems that thanks to the earlier exchange, Yuzuki-san got somewhat calmer and
decided to ask Lunamaria-san about something that I'd also been wondering about.

Towards our question, Lunamaria-san wryly smiled while pouring us another cup of
herb tea.

[Actually, His Majesty, the current King, in other words, Milady's older
brother, dotes on his younger sister Lilia-sama. Yes, seriously... He dotes on
her so badly that there were rumors that “men who approach Milady Lilia
disappear the next day”.]

[Eh? That's...]

[Yes, it's really troubling. This is why every servant in the Albert Duchy are
female, and that's why it's treated as “a forbidden zone for men”.]

[Huh?]

Wait a minute right there. I couldn't understand what she's saying here
though... In other words, can I assume that the King is an extreme siscon and
he's the reason why Lilia-san's house basically became forbidden to men?

[Congratulations, Miyama-sama. You have accomplished a great achievement since
the founding of the Albert Duchy. Well, Milady is the first Head of the family,
so I can't really say if that achievement is that great...]

[...Huh?]

[...Miyama-san, was it? Even though it has only been a short while, it was nice
meeting you.]

[...Ehh?]

[...Even after we return to Japan, we won't forget about you, Miyama-sama.]

[...Eh? Eeeeeehhhh?!]

Apparently, things like death flags also exist in other worlds.

Ahh, I wanna go home already.

Being Japanese, when I heard that we were summoned at the New Year's eve, I
imagined the cold breeze of winter, but it seems that the New Year's eve in this
world is warm and merry like spring, so it feels like it would be a time when
one can carefreely relax. However, that's strange, isn't it? I wonder why can't
I stop shivering?

Within a large carriage where I could feel slightly shaking, I was holding my
head in my hands, sparing no thought about my first carriage ride ever. We were
currently on our way to Lilia-san's house, with all the members who received an
explanation from her earlier in the carriage.

Mitsunaga-kun seemed to have agreed to participate in the Festival of Heroes, so
he was heading towards the royal castle as a state guest, and after giving a
brief greeting to Yuzuki-san and Kusunoki-san, he got onto a very luxurious
carriage. I wish they could have just brought me there too, away from where this
carriage is leading me.

[...Kaito-san? Are you alright? If you're feeling unwell, we can take a
break...]

[No, it's alright.]

[Milady, I believe Miyama-sama is still confused about the sudden situation.]

This shameless maid... She already knows why I'm like this, but she's naturally
playing it off.

[I see, that's understandable. Although I don't think I could say this, being
the cause of this issue and I still am unable to properly apologize for this...
but please don't worry too much. If there's anything that I can help with,
please tell me. Naturally, the same goes for Aoi-san and Hina-san too.]

[Yes.]

[Thank you.]

Lilia-san, your kindness is piercing through my heart. If I had to describe how
I'm feeling now... It would be me, asking “How did this happen?”. Lilia-san's
house is filled with women, so I'd definitely feel out of place there. For me
who had been a loner even before I was summoned here, that's a really hard
environment for me.

Is this my punishment for doubting the kind Lilia-san? Uuuu, I wish that other
high school student I saw before the summoning had also been summoned here... I
wonder, has he been accidentally excluded because of my presence in that place?
I'll apologize, so could we switch places now?

In the end, no matter how much I worried, reality wouldn't change, and after
roughly 30 minutes in the carriage... We arrived at our destination, Lilia-san's
house.

Her house was obviously not the size where commoners live, but a mansion that
clearly showed that she was a noble. In front of the double-door gate stood
several female knights wearing armor, making it somewhat look straight out of an
artwork.

After passing through a beautiful garden, we arrived at the entrance of her
house... or rather, her mansion, and after getting off the carriage, we followed
after Lilia-san. In the imagination of the commoner me, there would be servants
welcoming her back aligned on both sides, rows of servants greeting us as the
door was opened, but it seemed like that was just imagination, as we arrived in
no such view and we just continued down the corridor.

Even so, just as Lunamaria-san said, there really seemed to only be women in
this mansion. The people we passed by were all women cleaning, and being here
feels really out of place. I mean, they're looking at me with such cold stares,
you know?! My stomach hurts.

[...]

[Milady?]

[Luna, it should already be time for lunch... and I'm sure everyone is tired, so
let's have lunch first. It should be ready, right?]

[Yes, I believe it should be served immediately.]

[Well then, I'll leave it to you.]

After saying this, Lilia-san guided us to another vast room... one that could be
used by tens of people. It certainly was before lunch when we were summoned, and
I hadn't eaten since I had no afternoon classes, so I was hungry. Since
Yuzuki-san and Kusunoki-san were on their way back home, they probably only had
half a day of classes, so I think they also haven't eaten lunch yet.

When we were about to take our seats, servants wearing maid clothes pulled out
chairs like it was normal. For some reason, I felt like my chair was pulled out
in a not-so-kind manner, but I guess that was just me.

[U-Ummm, Lilia-san... I'm not really good with table manners and things like
that...]

[Ahh, it's alright. It's not like we are at a formal party, so please be as
comfortable as you wish.]

When Yuzuki-san anxiously voiced that out, Lilia-san showed a gentle smile. To
be honest, I'm also clueless about table manners. I know that you use a fork and
knife on those at the outer area, but that's basically the extent of my
knowledge. In fact, I've never even tried to eat like that.

Shortly after, female servers came out carrying silver domed plates that I had
only ever seen on TV. Right at the moment where they were about to serve it in
front of us though, a voice called out.

[...Exchange my meal with Kaito-sa... that man over there.]

[Eh? M-Milady?]

[Did you not hear me?]

[N-No, but...]

That voice wasn't the gentle one we heard earlier, but a majestic voice that
contained sharpness within it.

Hearing Lilia-san's words, the serving lady looked like she was losing her
bearings.

[...I'll say this now so that we're not misunderstanding the situation here, but
this isn't a “request”. This is an “order”... You understand what that means,
right?]

[Y-Yes. As Milady commands...]

Hearing Lilia-san's voice that was colder and sharper than earlier, the serving
lady's face paled and she hurriedly followed her order.

After all the food was served, Lilia-san's gentle smile returned and she called
out to us.

[Please enjoy your meal. I hope it suits your taste.]

[Ah, yes.]

[Thank you for the meal.]

[Excuse me then.]

Thinking that I'll be having a noble's lunch, I imagined that it would be a full
course meal, but what came out was bread, soup, salad and a stylish meat dish
whose name I don't really know of, but I think this should be the main course.
It looks like something eaten in a foreign country, but it sure looks very
delicious.

In the other world light novels I've read, their food is often not good, their
diet made up of stuff like hard bread and salty soup, so I actually assumed that
would be the case here too—but this is delicious.

The bread was as soft as those back on Earth, while the soup had a gentle flavor
similar to consommé. At least, it tasted much better than the convenience store
bentos I'd been eating.

Thereupon, when I happened to move my gaze towards Lilia-san, I saw her sighing
after taking a bite of her food.

[...Luna, by the time we finish our lunch...]

[...Understood.]

Lilia-san whispered instructions to Lunamaria-san's ears, but perhaps noticing
my gaze, she gave me a gentle smile.

[Was it to your taste?]

[Eh? Ah, yes, it was delicious.]

[I'm relieved to hear that it was to your liking.]

Feeling my cheeks flush upon Lilia-san's blooming smile, I slightly looked away
from embarrassment.

Thereupon, I saw Lunamaria-san, who seemed to have received some instruction,
walking towards the door. When she reached the back of my seat, Lunamaria-san
stopped once and whispered.

[...Miyama-sama, I may have said something earlier that frightened you... but
well, please rest assured.]

[Eh?]

[Milady may be clumsy sometimes, but she has always been an intelligent
person...]

After saying that with a smile, Lunamaria-san left the room.

What's with that? Does it have something to do with the fact that we switched
dishes earlier?

After lunch was finished and after-meal tea was served, for some reason, telling
only me “May I have a moment of your time?”, Lilia-san brought me to another
room.

Once again, I ask this... How did this happen?

Currently, there's a line of women standing before me. Some are in maid
uniforms, some in armor, while some in work clothes. All those several dozens of
women had their eyes set on me, so standing here isn't just making me
uncomfortable.

[...It looks like almost everyone is here.]

Standing in front of the clueless me, having no idea what's going on... With
sharp eyes, Lilia-san stared at the women that gathered here.

[First of all, I apologize for the sudden call and the trouble it caused to
everyone's work schedules. However, it's better to mention these things as soon
as possible, so I've asked everyone to gather here, leaving the minimum number
of people at their posts.]

It isn't like she was straining her voice. However, Lilia-san's voice felt like
it was echoing within the silence. I felt like the beauty and strictness in her
voice was a direct expression of her high level of elegance.

[Now then, the main topic of this meeting... is about Miyama Kaito-sama. It's
true that he is a man, but he's an important “guest” whom I have invited myself.
I understand that all of you would be confused about how to deal with men, as
they weren't usually invited to this place. I'm sorry for I will have to trouble
you—]

[...]

When Lilia-san spoke that much, I finally understood what she was trying to say.
I also understood why Lunamaria-san spoke about how Lilia-san was an intelligent
person.

[But let me be very clear. I will not allow him to suffer... because of the mere
reason that he's a man. After this moment, any acts that mean harm to him...
would be tantamount to pointing a sword at me!]

Like a sharp sword, Lilia-san's strong words containing her clear will seemed to
be brandished within the quiet room. Ahh, this is embarrassing... Even though I
only thought of it for a moment, it was shameful of me to have thought that she
might have been an evil person.

[Listen here, okay? It's not whether actual harm was done or not. Even if you
decide that such a thing should be alright, if I think otherwise... I will show
no mercy. Now get back to work.]

When Lilia-san finished speaking, the gathered women went back to their
respective posts, leaving just me and Lilia-san in the room.

[I think this should make things a little easier.]

[Ahh, errr, thank you.]

[No, you didn't have to apologize... I didn't intend for this to happen, but
before I knew it, the atmosphere around here felt like men are forbidden. I'm
sorry for making you feel troubled, Kaito-san.]

[Ah, no.]

[I guess that the reason for this was because I didn't have any male friends
huh? Unnn, I suppose it's because I'm not attractive enough as a lady.]

Lilia-san's expression isn't that of a noble, but that of a child who has been
caught playing a prank.

To be honest, somewhere in my mind, I thought that nobles like her look down on
commoners, and that's why I doubted Lilia-san when I first met her. But now, I
realized that it was just my selfish prejudice. In fact, I feel like I should be
the one to apologize.

[...I think Lilia-san is a very kind and charming person though.]

I'm not experienced with communicating with people that I can say nifty words.
However, these mediocre words of praise naturally spilled out of my mouth.

[Fufu, thank you! Well then, Aoi-san and Hina-san are waiting for us, so let's
go back.]

Following Lilia-san, who looked a little surprised but was happily smiling as
she walked away, I also left the room.

[Speaking of which, in the end, is something the matter with my lunch?]

[Yes, embarrassing it may be to say this, but when I questioned the chef, he
said that only the dish she was going to serve to Kaito-san was of slightly
lower quality.]

[I see... However, I probably wouldn't have known the difference though.]

[...Well, I also couldn't tell the difference.]

[Ehh?]

[I just understood this would be the case when I saw the server's reaction...
but I still thought it was delicious. I suppose I don't have the talent to be a
food critic.]

[Ahaha. I guess... that means you just have a good chef.]

[Fufufu. Yes, I'm afraid my palate hasn't quite caught up with the chef's.]

It feels somewhat strange. I should have been feeling anxious just now, but
seeing Lilia-san's gentle smile makes me feel relieved.

I don't know much about nobles, but at least, I think this Duchess seems to be a
very nice person.

The place she led me to is a relatively small, but well-kept and beautiful room.
Is this the reception room? There, the explanation to us, which had been
interrupted by moving to Lilia-sans' mansion and the meal, was resumed.

[Well then, about this world... It had been brought up a bit earlier, but let's
start with the story of the First Hero.]

As Lilia-san utters this, Lunamaria-san places something that looks like a map
on the table.

First of all, the shape of the continent gives me the impression of an enlarged
Europe, while on the lower left part of the continent—around what would have
been Spain, is marked in black and white, with a red circle around the center of
the continent a little away from it.

[The one enclosed in red is the Symphonia Kingdom where we are now. To the north
is the “Archlesia Empire”, and to the south across the sea is the “Hydra
Kingdom”... These are the three main countries that we call the Three Major
Powers, and “until about a thousand years ago”, they were everything we knew
about the world.]

[...Are you saying that it's different now?]

[Yes, that's right, Aoi-san. This world map is mainly inhabited by humans,
elves, and dwarves—Within the realm where many “Humans” live and is collectively
known as the “Human Realm”. In addition to this, there's the “Demon Realm” where
the “Demons” live and the “God Realm” where the “Gods” live.]

Saying this, two new maps were placed on the desk. One of them is more than
twice the size of the map earlier and looks similar in shape to the Australian
continent. The other is also a small map of a continent in the shape of a ring,
or perhaps, it would be closer to a donut?

[The large map depicts the Demon realm and the small map depicts the God Realm.
I guess it would be easier to understand if you imagine it as a sandwich, piled
up on top of another? The three realms, the God Realm, Human Realm and Demon
Realm, are separated by an invisible dimensional wall, and yet, they exist side
by side. That's what this world “Trinia”, in the true sense of the word, is all
about.]

[...It's turning out to be a terribly magnificent story huh.]

[Fufufu, unnn, for you three who came from another world, it may seems that
there are three different worlds, but for us, these three realms are located in
different parts of the world, and we can enter and return freely by passing
through gates. I suppose the perception would be different from places like
where Hero-sama and everyone lived, where you can't interfere with other worlds
with anything other than a summoning circle.]

[I see.]

A different world would have a different set of common sense. Compared to us who
felt that these dimensional walls are mysterious and strange, it seems that the
people who have been living in this world don't see them as anything different
from the oceans and mountains.

Unnn. I guess we just have to be aware that this is the way it is.

[As for the government system of the Human Realm, I've heard from the past
heroes that it's close to the world you've been in but... What do you think? Can
you think about a country around back in your world which works the same way?]

[...Hmmm. Is it like there's a king and nobles that have their own fiefdoms,
where the commoners live and pay taxes?]

[Yes, it isn't wrong to recognize it like that.]

Yuzuki-san replied to Lilia-san's words with a bit of confidence. That's how I
envisioned this world too, but I guess I'm not wrong. The only thing I'm curious
about now is that Lilia-san has gone out of her way to say “the government
system of the Human Realm”, does that mean that the God Realm and the Demon
Realm are different?

Thereupon, Lilia-san nodded her head towards us, letting us know that Yuzuki is
on the same page as her.

[Now then, let's talk about how the three realms formed a friendly relationship
later... Let's talk about the God Realm and the Demon Realm first. The God Realm
is a world where the Creator God stands at its apex... Or to put it in another
way, it's a world with only one nation, and the Gods only recognize the Creator
God's will as an absolute thing without exception.]

[The Creator God doesn't appear in public outside of the once-every-ten-years
Festival of Heroes, so I don't think we'll be seeing her for the moment. In the
first place, the Creator God doesn't interfere with the world, but watches over
the future of the world. According to the legends, other than the time of the
great war against the Demon Realm, she has never even wielded her absolute
power.]

Lunamaria-san added to Lilia's explanation.

In other words, the God Realm can be said to be at the pinnacle of vertically
structured society. And the Creator God, who is at the top, basically keeps the
stance of watching over the others... if it's exactly just as I imagined.

[Next is the Demon Realm. It's the vastest of the three realms and home to the
most diverse species. Although they are generally called “Demons”, there are
countless variations in their appearance. The Heroes often thought that they're
equal to monsters, but in the Demon Realm, the monsters are defined as beings
with less than a certain level of intelligence.

Unn, to be honest, I also had the same image regarding demons and monsters, but
I guess they have a clear standard for themselves? I guess it would be hard for
me to tell until I see them in person...

[The Demon Realm is a meritocracy that's easy to understand. You could say that
the person having the greatest power stands at the top. This is just one of
those things that you should understand, but just because they're in a
meritocracy, it doesn't mean that the demons are violent beings. In fact, most
demons are rational, don't use violence without reason nor look down on the
weak. It's just that it's a realm that emphasizes individual ability, not their
bloodline.]

[Rather, they are much more temperate than the human race. Both My Lady and I
have been to the Demon Realm and toured around a few times. The people there
have been very kind to me.]

[Yes, I'd like to have some time to visit there again. There is no country in
the Demon Realm, but it's divided into 6 territories. And the 6 demons who reign
at the top of each territory... commonly known as the “Six Kings”. “Underworld
King-sama”, “War King-sama”, “Death King-sama”, “World King-sama”, “Dragon
King-sama” and “Phantasmal King-sama”... Each of them is a Demon that has lived
for thousands of years, and their power is said to be capable of destroying the
world.]

Those sound really outrageous, those Six Kings... just hearing what they're
called is enough for me to bring back the black history of my youth, but it
seems that they are beings that must not be crossed in this world.

However, there's one thing that bothered me about the explanation she just gave.
Both Lilia and Lunamaria-san said that Demons are basically benevolent beings,
but hadn't the Humans fought against the Demons in the past?

[Umm, can I ask you a question?]

[Yes, go ahead.]

[...You mentioned earlier that most Demons are quite gentle, but a thousand
years ago, those Six Kings? Is it okay to say that that Demon Lord was among
them that attacked the Human Realm?]

[Unn. I don't know how to say this... but it seems that the Demon Lord who swung
her fury around the Human Realm back then was actually just a mere rogue in the
Demon Realm.]

[Eh?]

In response to my question, Lilia-san wrily smiled as if she's also at a loss
for words. It was pretty much lined up with the image I had in mind, but I never
expected that the Demon Lord was actually just a small fry... That's too
earth-shattering.

[As I mentioned earlier, the Demons are basically gentle. The Demon Realm itself
is vast, their food is abundant, and the six kings standing at the top are on
good terms with each other and often mingled with each other. It was said that
the only time they fought in time immemorial, even though there was a skirmish
in the Demon Realm, was against the God Realm which has only happened once. In
the first place, until the Demon Lord and the First Hero-sama appeared, for
Demons, they only knew that Humans exist, but they've never seen it. They
apparently recognized the Humans as beings that they have no particular reason
to fight with.]

[Well, no matter which world it is, there are those people who don't see the
good in living in peace, living with ambitions held in their hearts.]

Lunamaria-san added with a sigh. Even after 1000 years, the First Hero is still
respected, but I felt like the image of that “Demon Lord” has been getting lower
and lower.

[Yes, it was that Demon Lord who gathered all the bloodthirsty demons and tried
to overthrow the Six Kings in those days to rise to the top of the Demon Realm.
In the Human Realm, they would be something like bandits... Well, you could also
say they were like rebels. However, because the number of the demons is so
large, the Demon Lord's army seems to have become a large army of over a million
demons as a result. Even so, I heard that it was just a small-scaled army in
terms of the entire Demon Realm...]

The more the denominator increases, the more sympathizers appeared... To be
honest, I can't imagine an army of millions appearing right away, but I heard
that it was how the Demon Lord apparently appeared. In that case, why didn't it
try to overthrow the six kings and come to the Human Realm instead?

[...I heard that the Demon Lord's army had challenged Underworld King-sama to a
battle in order to gain control of the Demon Realm.]

[Ah, you mentioned that there was a war that happened in the Demon Realm
earlier.]

[...And so, what happened?]

I think it was because I was interested about their attack on the Human Realm,
but because we were concerned about something, Yuzuki-san and I asked for her to
continue on that topic a bit more.

[It was a battle of a million against one, and Underworld King-sama has beaten
them down in a matter of minutes.]

[...Errr...]

[That is... How should I say this...]

[...I can't help but pity them for what happened.]

The fact that they were overwhelmingly crushed even made Kusunoki-san
inadvertently feel pity for the Demon Lord. Either the Demon Lord's army is too
weak, or it's just that Underworld King is too strong... Just like Kusunoki-san
said, I'm somehow starting to feel sorry for the Demon Lord. I mean, in just a
few minutes of engagement, most of them were probably wiped out in just one or
two strikes...

[However, Underworld King-sama is a very kind person. She didn't kill anyone,
but she just scolded them, saying “It's good that all of you are pretty lively,
but you shouldn't bother people around you.” and let the Demon Lord's army go.]

Not only did she went easy on them, she even treated them just like troublesome
neighborhood brats?! That's enough already! The Demon Lord's image inside of me
has already crashed down, you know?!

[After that incident, the Demon Lord realized that she was no match for the Six
Kings... So, she decided to invade the Human Realm, which the Six Kings had
decreed not interfere with back then.]

[...]

She ran awaaaaaaaay?! That Demon Lord ran away from the Demon Realm?! I don't
really have any particular attachment to him, but you're not very good at this,
Demon Lord?! I felt like she suddenly turned into a kid who was scolded and ran
away from home...

How am I supposed to react to this? I'm starting to think of the Demon Lord as
some small fry...

As we were stunned by the Demon Lord's inexplicable emergence into the Human
Realm, Lilia-san turned towards the lower-left corner of the Human Realm's
map... Pointing at the black mark, her expression slightly changed to something
serious as she continued speaking.

[For the Human Realm at that time, the Demons that suddenly appeared was a
tremendous menace, not to mention the Demon Realm with the absolute existences,
the Six Kings. The Demon Lord's army quickly overthrew the surrounding countries
and named herself the Demon Lord when she declared war on the people. And thus,
the long war between our people and the Demon Lord's army began.]

[Incidentally, Underworld King-sama deeply apologized at the Treaty of
Friendship for the incident at that time, “I should have taken care of her
properly” she said. Even though she received Underworld King-sama's generosity,
she acted out of control and even made Underworld King-sama bow for her... Even
though that happened a thousand years back then, I still feel that that Demon
Lord's outrageous behavior is still unforgivable.]

[U-Umm, Lunamaria-san?]

Lunamaria-san added more details to Lilia-san's words, but it looks like the
calmness she had before was thrown out of the window... She had a look of utter
disgust on her face that I unintentionally freaked out a bit.

[In the first place, the noble Underworld King-sama shouldn't have apologized
for trashy insects like her... However, that's to be expected of Underworld
King-sama! She has the grace to bow down to people of rank lesser than her and
the integrity to admit wrongdoings... And that's why she's really the king of
kings...]

[Luna, Luna!]

[Hyah?! I-I beg your pardon...]

Lilia-san admonishes Lunamaria, who began to speak as if some sort of switch in
her had been turned on. Looking at us surprised, she explained with a sigh.

[Luna has apparently met Underworld-sama once before, and she's been fanatical
about her ever since. Please take note of this. It may take several hours to
calm her down if someone thoughtlessly mentioned Underworld King-sama to Luna.]

[...If I could, I would have served Underworld-sama instead rather than this
spinster...]

[...Luna, I'll make sure you're going to get 2 or 3 slaps later.]

Lunamaria-san's eyes certainly look dangerous just now. It was like something
completely flipped her switch, it was like the word “fanatic” was really fitting
for her.

Lilia-san must have really been having a hard time dealing with her...

[Let's get back to our conversation. The Demon Lord's army invaded the Human
Realm... This actually made the Six Kings scratch their heads in worry.]

[ [ [Eh?] ] ]

I didn't immediately understand the meaning behind Lilia-san's words. Because
from what I heard earlier, the Six Kings should have the power to easily defeat
the Demon Lord's army. And to say that it's making them scratch their heads in
worry... Wait. That may certainly be a bit tricky. Why was the Hero needed to be
called when the Six Kings could deal with them?

[...As I mentioned earlier, the Demon Lord's army wasn't very famous nor feared
in the Demon Realm in the beginning. Hence, it was already too late when the
information that the Demon Lord's army had invaded the Human Realm had reached
the Six Kings' ears. And by that time, it was no longer possible for the Six
Kings to thoughtlessly eliminate the Demon Lord's army.]

[...I see, their decree of non-interference struck back at them huh.]

[What do you mean by that, Senpai?]

It seems that Kusunoki-san understood what Lilia-san was talking about, but
Yuzuki-san and I still don't understand it well. Once the Six Kings have dealt
with the Demon Lord's army, that should have been the end of it, but from the
way Lilia-san was talking about it, it seems that they can't do anything about
it for some reason.

Hearing Yuzuki-san's question, Kusunoki opened her mouth as she turned towards
Yuzuki.

[Back then, the Demon Realm weren't interfering with the matters around the
Human Realm. In other words, they didn't have any channels through which they
could negotiate with the Human Realm and tell the Humans that they aren't
hostile.]

[A-Ahhh! I see what you mean!]

[It seems that Miyama-san has also noticed. It's probably just as you're
thinking. They may know of our existence, but most of the Demons have never seen
a Human before... On the other hand, it's also the same for the Humans. And for
the Humans at that time, the Demons were recognized as part of the Demon Lord's
army.]

Yes, I finally understood the part that I've been concerned about. Even though
the Six Kings had the power to defeat the Demon Lord, they didn't have the means
to negotiate after defeating the Demon Lord to show that they weren't hostile to
the Humans.

If the Six Kings just annihilated the Demon Lord's army in the blink of an eye,
what would the Humans think when they saw it? The answer would simply be “a far
more powerful Demon than the Demon Lord is attacking”.

[...A threat far surpassing the Demon Lord has arrived. The people would wield
their swords to their deaths. If that happens, the story will no longer end with
just the Demon Lord invading the Human Realm. It would turn into an all-out war
between the Demon Realm and the Human Realm... On the contrary, if the Six
Kings, the beings who stood in the apex of the Demon Realm, were involved in the
invasion towards the Human Realm, the God Realm, which had been waiting in
standby, would also begin to move. And in the worst-case scenario, a great war
might have broken out involving the three realms. That's why the Six Kings
couldn't lay a hand on the Demon Lord.]

Along the way, Kusunoki-san took over the explanation from Lilia-san, who had
been speaking with a heavy tone. It's okay if it's just the Human Realm. At
worst, if the Six Kings could only make a ruthless decision, it might have been
possible for them to conquer the Human Realm by force to keep the fire of war
from spreading to the Demon Realm.

However, if the God Realm moves, it wouldn't just end there. In ancient times,
the Demon Realm and the God Realm apparently fought in a war. If that legend is
true, it means that the power of the Demon Realm and the God Realm are able to
compete against each other to some extent. If that were to happen, the Demon
Realm would surely be in danger of war and the Six Kings wanted to avoid that.

[A great war involving the three realms. It was necessary to avoid that... In
the weakest Human Realm, the being who had enough power to defeat the Demon
Lord—The being who can carry the hope of Humanity. The Hero who can sit at the
negotiation table with the Demon Realm...]

[That was... the First Hero...]

[That's right. There are various theories about the summoning of the First Hero.
There's the theory that the Creator God, fearing the coming of a major war, gave
the Humans a summoning circle in the form of an oracle. There's even one which
said that the Six Kings secretly requested cooperation from the God Realm and
requested them to do so. In the beginning, there have been unknown magic circles
passed from one generation to another... There is no clear record of this
because the Human Realm was in turmoil at that time, but the summoning of the
Hero took place in the Symphonia Kingdom.]

This is where the First Hero appeared. I wonder what the First Hero looked like?
I'm certain that they're from the same world as us, but I don't know if they're
male or female, or if they're even Japanese...

[I've heard that the journey of the First Hero-sama was very harsh. As they
traveled through the Human Realm that was in a maelstrom of chaos, the First
Hero-sama saved a lot of lives, gathered companions to fight along with, and at
the end of the incessant war, defeated the Demon Lord.]

That may sound like a classic story of the journey of the Hero, but I think it
was actually really hard. Like us now, they would have struggled to keep up with
the situation in the beginning, and the people at that time wouldn't have been
able to teach the difference between them and Earth as easily as they do now.

If I was sent to a truly unknown place alone, and while fumbling around for
information, I would have to fight against a mighty enemy for the people of this
world... I think it's absolutely impossible for me.

[From there, it was said that the Six King's acted very fast. They immediately
explained the situation to the First Hero and all six of the Kings drove out the
remnants of the Demon Lord's army in the blink of an eye. With the help of the
First Hero, they apologized to the people and showed that they have no intention
of going to war. And thus, the invasion of the Demon Lord didn't turn into a
war.]

[...But, it's not like there were no grudges left, right?]

[Yes, it's just as Aoi-san said. At that time, the Human Realm and the Demon
Realm were linked by a so-called truce, a nonaggression pact. Even though the
Humans defeated the Demons, it seems that the damage received by the Human Realm
was big.]

It should have been pretty obvious. Even though they had defeated the Demon
Lord, it doesn't mean everything will be back to normal. Rather, the Human
Race's impression of the Demon Race was still bad...

[However, the First Hero just didn't stop there. When the Six Kings told them
about the situation, the First Hero-sama said that the biggest cause was the
non-intervention of the three realms regarding the aforementioned Demon Lord,
and the First Hero-sama thought of a way to make sure that it didn't happen
again.]

[...]

[First of all, the First Hero persuaded the Six Kings to cooperate with the
Human Realm, which was to cooperate with the ruined Human Realm with their
abundance of foods and supplies in the Demon Realm, and they also went to the
God Realm to negotiate with the Gods. It naturally wasn't easy, some problems
occurred here and there due to the differences of our races. However, the First
Hero-sama never gave up. The First Hero-sama traveled to various places and spun
words to the point of breaking their throat... “Even though I was from a
completely different world, we had understood each other. I've come to love this
world with all my heart.” The First Hero-sama appealed more desperately than
anyone else.]

I wonder how strong the First Hero really was? I'm sure they didn't get much
support at first, but they kept negotiating without giving up. It must have been
a much more painful and arduous road than their fight with the Demon Lord.

[Gradually, the number of supporters of the First Hero-sama increased. Gates
were being built in each place, and the opportunities for those from the three
realms to come and go were increasing. The dream of peace that the First
Hero-sama spoke of was transformed into the future that many people wanted. And
after 9 years passed, in the place where the First Hero-sama defeated the Demon
Lord... In the place where another battle of the First Hero-sama began, the
Human Realm's Rulers, the Demon Realm's Six Kings and the God Realm's Creator
God—The most important people of the three realms gathered and a treaty of
friendship between the three realms was signed in the presence of the First
Hero.]

[...Amazing.]

As Yuzuki muttered to herself, it was truly a majestic event straight out of a
fairy tail. However, this isn't just a fairytale for this world, but a true
event that happened in history. That's why the name of the First Hero has been
sung in praise even now.

[And thus, the battle of the First Hero ended. In the land where the treaty of
friendship was concluded, the three realms worked together to create one city.
The name of the city was—“Hikari”, named after the First Hero-sama. This is the
city where the main event of the Hero Festival is to be held.]

...Hmm? Hikari? If that's the name of the First Hero, then the First Hero was a
woman?

[And from then on, the festival would be held once every 10 years to commemorate
the years of the First Hero-sama's journey, which was called the Festival of
Heroes. It's a long story, isn't it? Do you have any questions?]

[...What happened to the First Hero after that?]

Hearing the story now, I understood well why the First Hero is being extolled.
The First Hero is the symbol of peace in this world, and is without a doubt, a
Hero.

She faced the challenges and undauntedly accomplished them—But what did the
First Hero do after her accomplishments? I directly asked that.

[...I don't know the details. After the treaty of friendship was signed, the
First Hero-sama suddenly disappeared from the eyes of the public. It is said
that a stone monument engraved with the sword used by the First Hero and a
summoning circle was found... on a hill near the place where the treaty of
friendship was negotiated. Left on the back of the stone monument was the
handwriting of the First Hero.]

Saying this, Lilia-san read out the words that the First Hero had engraved on
the stone monument, as if she had memorized them by heart.

“My battle as a Hero is over. I'm so glad I came to this world. There were
people here who encouraged me. There were people who cheered me on. I had
everyone supporting me behind my back. And that's why I was able to do my best.
I was able to make it not just because I was called a Hero. The three realms are
connected because each and every one of you who live in this world has bravely
taken a step forward. I'm not the only Hero here. Everyone who lives in this
world is a great Hero, so I'm sure everyone will be okay for the rest of your
lives. I love this world. And I hope it will always be a peaceful world full of
smiles... Kujou Hikari.”[^hikari]

[...The First Hero-sama's sword and the stone monument are covered with a very
strong State Preservation Magic, it's still in the same condition as it was back
then.]

[...I wonder if the First Hero has returned to her previous world.]

[I don't know. There's a theory that the First Hero returned to the previous
world, and there's also a theory that she remained in this world. However,
there's information that only came to light recently... It's said that only
Underworld King-sama might know the truth.]

The First Hero who accomplished a really great feat and disappeared without a
trace. It's really a legend that looks like a fairy-tale. However, I'm not sure
about the State Preservation Magic, but from the way Lilia-san talked about it,
it seems that some additional information has been found.

[It is said that about 200 years ago, a hidden passage was found at the back of
a cave where the First Hero-sama is said to have stopped by. The area doesn't
have a very powerful State Preservation Magic casted in it, and the writings are
weathered and unreadable, but a part of it has been written in otherworldly
letters and has been deciphered by a Hero we had invited to the Hero Festival
back then.]

Saying that, Lilia-san placed a sheet of paper on the table. It seems to be a
copy of a letter, but some of the writings have faded out... However, I could
see words of thanks and farewell to the Underworld King, written in Japanese.

[Underworld King-sama has refused to answer the question about what happened to
the First Hero-sama, saying that she cannot talk about it because she promised.
Being the first one to agree with the thoughts of the First Hero-sama, there's
some information that Underworld-sama helped the First Hero-sama when she went
to various places... It was even said that it was Underworld-sama who casted the
State Preservation Magic when the First Hero-sama left the sword and that stone
monument behind.]

[...I see.]

In the end, a lot of the aftermath of the First Hero is still shrouded in
mystery... But I understand why the Hero is honored so much in this world.

After we finished talking about the Small Fry Demon Lord and the First Hero, we
were briefed about the Symphonia Kingdom and the surrounding cities in general.

[...It's not good to cram too much information into your head, and I'm sure that
you all want to clear your minds for a moment. I'll leave the explanation here
for now.]

[That's right. I guess it's about time for me to prepare your rooms—Ah...]

[Luna?]

[...Please accept my apologies, My Lady. It's just that I completely forgot
about it. About Miyama-sama's clothing...]

[Ah...]

After they explained various things, Lunamaria-san looked as if she suddenly
remembered something just as we were about to take a break, and hearing her
words, Lilia-san also looked surprised.

[Luna... Can you make it in time?]

[Yes, but... I wouldn't know anything about his underwear either...]

[...Kaito-san, my apologies. It was my blunder. We don't have any men's clothing
in our house and we don't have change of clothes ready.]

[...It's not like I have to change my clothes every single day...]

[No, fortunately, it's still evening. It would be better if you buy some...
After all, it's difficult for us to decide on your nightwear by ourselves.
That's why, I'm sure that you must be tired for the day, but I was wondering if
you and Luna could go into the city together and pick out some clothes?]

[Ah, yes.]

I honestly think that it would be fine if I were to not change my clothes for
the day but... Since she had declared that she would guarantee food, clothing
and shelter to us, this might be something that Lilia-san couldn't compromise.

[Milady, how much budget are we to use?]

[In the meantime, I want you to go out and buy five sets, including spares, for
100,000R.]

[Pfft?!]

[Understood.]

Wait a minute?! Isn't 100,000R about 10 million Japanese yen?! That amount of
money would be enough to buy lots of things, not just clothes! Eh? Nobles think
that 1 million for clothing is an obvious thing?

In front of the stunned me, Lilia-san and Lunamaria-san quickly prepared the
money.

[Ah, I almost forgot. Kaito-san, Aoi-san, and Hina-san. If you have any tools
called “Elektrikal Apleyanses”, we will be taking care of them for you. It's a
bundle of otherworldly technologies after all, so we'll have to ask the Goddess
of Law to take care of it.]

[Electrical Appliances... I guess my smartphone counts as one.]

[I don't really know what this smartphone is but there was a time when the
mashin that a previous Hero-sama carried was targeted before. Now, they were to
be kept by the Goddess for a year.]

I see, mechanical appliances would be an unknown piece of technology for this
world... If so, there may be people who would want to acquire these and holding
unto this for some time would be obvious. Well, I don't think I would be able to
charge my smartphone in this place anyway, and I don't think it would be easy to
take photos with it.

In the clean box that Lunamaria-san prepared for us individually, all of us
placed our smartphones and other digital items, like watches. I wasn't really
sure what to do with my watch, but they lent me something that looked like a
pocket watch instead. I can already tell that based on its appearance. That this
is a very expensive pocket watch... I honestly think it's scarier to have one
like this.

After a short ride in a horse-drawn carriage, we finally got off the carriage.
Walking through the city that has the image of medieval Europe, we arrived at a
clothing store, where I bought simple white shirts, black jackets, navy blue
pants, a couple of tops and bottoms in not too flashy colors, underwear and
pajamas.

I guess you could say that it's to be expected from a shop selling items to the
Duchess's family, every clothing frighteningly feels good to touch and they are
made in such a way that you can tell that they are high-class products.

I thought I avoided flashy decorations and looked for the most modest clothes I
could find, but the overall cost still ended up being 25,000R... That's 2.5
million yen. 2.5 million yen... Can you believe it? We only bought some clothes,
you know?

[...I would have been fine with much cheaper clothes...]

[Miyama-sama is Milady—The Duchess's guest. If you were to dress cheaply,
Milady's dignity may be doubted.]

[Is that how it is?]

[...Being a noble means that you have to show others that you're acting as one.
Even the store we chose to enter deals with relatively simpler clothes.]

[Those are... simple...]

Walking through the crowded streets at dusk with Lunamaria, I talked about
various things with her. There were some very glittery clothes sold in that
shop, but even those appeared to be modest for nobles.

[Even so, there sure are lots of people around.]

[We chose the wrong time of the day to shop. Especially since tomorrow is the
New Year.]

Ah, I see. I felt that it was just before the summer holidays... but it's the
end of the year in this world. I don't know what New Year's day is like in this
world, but they mentioned that this is the royal capital and that must be why
this place is lively.

While I was thinking about this, I came across a square with a large fountain
and stopped to look at something that looked like a horse-drawn carriage
floating in the air.

Whoa, could that possibly be magic? When I heard the term “State Preservation
Magic” earlier, I had my hopes up, but this really is a different world! I was a
little impressed by the way magic seems to be built into their everyday lives.

[Lunamaria-san, that floating thing—Huh?]

It has only been a few seconds before my eyes were drawn to the floating
carriage, but Lunamaria-san was nowhere near in sight when I turned around. I
hurriedly looked left and right, but there were so many people that I couldn't
find Lunamaria.

I felt like my blood was drained out of me. This is that, right? No matter how I
look at it, this really is that, right?

[...We strayed away from each other?]

Oh no, no, no. I lost sight of Lunamaria-san?! Moreover, there were too many
people to look at, and I had to ride a carriage on the way here... I also don't
know how to get home.

W-What am I gonna do?! Shouldn't I just keep calm and stay where I am at times
like this? No, but if by staying here, I'd end up getting swept away by the
crowds... Ah, that's right! In front of that big mountain!

Confused by the fact that I got lost in a strange place, I walked in front of
the fountain that would serve as a landmark.

Now I've done it... Even though I don't know the place, immediately becoming a
lost child isn't funny at all. I'm sure Lunamaria-san is probably aware of it by
now and is looking for me, but will she be able to find me in this large crowd
of people? Uwaaahhh, I'm getting extremely anxious! Really, what should I do...

[What's wrong? You look like you're in trouble.]

[...Eh?]

As I hold my head in front of the fountain, I can hear a clear voice even though
I'm supposed to be in the midst of the bustling crowd. Reflexively turning in
the direction of the voice, I stiffened up. No, I guess it might be better to
say that she's eye-catching.

It was a child who looked less than 140cm tall, but you could say that the
atmosphere she had was different from a normal child. Silver semi-short hair
that looks like it shines, golden eyes so beautiful that it makes jewels look
dull, and a beautiful face that makes it difficult to determine whether she's a
girl or a boy... The child is dressed in clothing that looks like an oversized
black coat—or perhaps, it may be a robe because of its longer sleeves. I was
unconsciously gazing at her as she shone like an art form in the setting sun.

[Ummm? Are you alright?]

[Ah, E-Err...]

[You, you're a person from another world, aren't you? Are you lost perhaps? If
you're fine with me, you can consult me~]

[Wha?!]

The child spoke to me in a gentle voice with a lovely smile on her face, as if
she's a blooming flower but... A person from another world? How did she know
that?]

[Your magical power is like that of the Hero, and those clothes you're wearing
doesn't look like you'd see it very often, so that's what I thought~]

[E-Errr...]

I can understand when she talked about what I'm wearing, but that magical power,
she must be referring to that energy needed to use my magic huh... I wonder if
it's something people can see?

[Rather than seeing it, I think it would be better to describe it as feeling
it.]

[Ah, I see... Eh?]

I'm not saying my thoughts out loud, right? Is she an esper?

[Hahaha, your thoughts were easily showing in your face, you know?]

[Ughh...]

[Ah, sorry sorry. I didn't mean to make fun of you. Rather, I like those types
of children.]

Seeing her facial expression changed, I was a little relieved seeing the child
laughing with an adorable look on her face. However, even though her expression
and appearance looks young, her voice and the atmosphere around her strangely
feels mature for a child.

[Well, be that as it may... Despite my appearance, I've lived several hundred
years more than you, so you can rely on me if you're troubled, you know?]

[...Several hundreds?]

[Unn! Ah, I see. Is this your first time seeing a demon? My name is
Kuromueina... Whether you want to call me Kuromu, Eina, or Kuro, feel free to
call me whatever you want~]

Demon?! Did she just say she's a Demon? She looks like a human though...

[Should I show you my horn or something like that? Alright, then how about
this?!]

[Why the heck is your horn in your nose?!]

[Fufufu, I still know lots of things about the other world! Isn't there that
story about his horns getting longer when they lie? It's something like that!]

[No, that story's about someone's nose getting longer...]

[Arya?]

I don't know how she did that, but she was so confident in her lengthened horn
that I reflexively threw a tsukkomi. Thereupon, the demon calling herself
Kuromueina wryly smiled as she put away her horn. She then continued speaking
with that smile still on her face.

[So, you are?]

[Ahh, I'm Miyama Kaito...]

[Kaito-kun, right?! Nice to meet you\~\~]

[N-Nice to meet you too. E-Errr, Kuromueina-san?]

[You don't need the honorifics, and the way you call me... Let's see. I did say
you can call me whatever you want, but I'd be happy if you call me Kuro, you
know?]

[I-In that case, I'm in your care. Kuro?]

[Unnn. I'm also in your care! Well then, since we're close... have one\~\~]

It seems that Kuro has some half-baked knowledge about the other world, just
some stuff she had heard from other Heroes, and she may not look like it, but
she has lived for a long time, so she may have heard some stories from the past
Heroes.

With an innocent smile on her face, she pushed a baby castella into my mouth.
The familiar, gentle sweetness spread in my mouth and somehow calmed me down.

Seeing me like that, Kuro brightly smiled as we continued speaking while she ate
her baby castellas.

[So, what's the matter, Kaito-kun? You've been looking around since earlier...]

[Ah, I got separated from my companion... and I didn't know how to get home.
That's right! Kuro, do you know where the Duchess Albert's Residence is?]

[Hmmm... I'm sorry, I don't live in this country so I don't know where that is.]

[I see...]

[Yeah, but it will be alright. I can help you find the person you're separated
from.]

[Eh?!]

Sending a cheerful smile at me who felt a bit down, Kuro puts her hand on her
coat again and takes out a necklace with a black jewel in it.

[Here, I'll give you this! Take it and try to think of the person you were
separated from.]

[Eh? Ah, okay.]

Placing the necklace on the palm of my hand just as I was told, when I thought
of Lunamaria-san... A line that looked like a black line formed and extended
from the jewel.

[W-Whoa?!]

[If you follow that, you should be able to see him. That necklace has Search
Magic in it~]

[Ah, thank you! B-But, this... Is it okay for me to take it?]

[Ahaha, you're still young, you don't have to be that reserved. We should help
each other in times of need!]

[Young huh... Just based on appearance, you look younger than me though,
Kuro...]

[Ah, that might be so now that you mentioned it.]

Healed by Kuro's smile as she talked to me, I repeatedly said my thanks. This
really was a great help. Thanks to this, I think I can somehow go home.

After saying my thanks to Kuro again, who laughed and said that I didn't need to
worry about it, I was about to say goodbye when a question came to my mind.

[...Speaking of which, Kuro. Are you a boy or a girl?]

[Me? “It can change either way.” I'm a girl now, though.]

[...Is it normal for Demons to be able to freely change their gender?]

[Nope. There are differences among the demons. There are some that are male and
female just like the humans do, some that don't reproduce and don't have the
concept of gender itself, and some that can change to whatever they want just
like me~]

[Huhh... How mysterious.]

As I thought, not everything in my common sense works in this world. Ah, that's
right, Lunamaria-san is probably looking for me too. I have to quickly meet up
with her.

[Anyway, thank you very much!]

[Don't worry about it\~ Let's talk again when we get the chance.]

[Yeah.]

[See you next time, Kaito-kun.]

Thanking Kuro again as she waved her hand with an innocent smile on her face, I
followed the black light extending from the necklace as I left the square.

Safely meeting up with Lunamaria-san again, by the time we returned to
Lilia-san's mansion, I think you could say it's around dinner time already. It
was completely my carelessness that I got lost, but Lilia-san seemed very
concerned that I was lost in the city and asked me a lot of questions about
whether I was all right. I described what happened along that incident, where I
was saved thanks to the kindness of the demon girl.

However, it seems that Lilia-san is a bit too much of a worrywart. She wanted to
look after the necklace that Kuro gave me, saying that she wanted to check if
there was some kind of strange magic casted on it. I don't really have any
reason to say no, so I gave it to her.

In the dinner afterwards—I was a little afraid of what the Duchess's dinner
would be like. I don't know if Lilia-san is being attentive, but it wasn't in
the form of a full-course dinner. I was able to have a delicious meal served in
the form of a meal served in restaurants.

After that, we are briefly shown around the mansion, given a room that is too
large for one person to use and given an explanation of bath times. It should
have been obvious to say that there are no other men in this mansion at the
moment other than me. Inevitably, the bathing times need to be shifted and they
would need to firmly specify the time where I would use the bath.

In novels, this is where that common trope of Lucky Pervert event occurs.
Fortunately or unfortunately, I don't seem to have those so-called Protagonist
Correction. I took a bath alone in a bathroom that was way larger than normal
and returned to my room after bathing without any incident happening.

[...uuuu... -san...]

Maybe it's because of the silence of the night, or perhaps, it's because this is
the first night that we've been here in the other world, my senses have become
keener due to my vigilance, I could hear the sobbing even through the heavy
doors that seemed to be soundproof.

If I remember it correctly, isn't this the room that was assigned to Yuzuki-san?
Is she crying? Well, it's not that strange though. Suddenly being teleported to
a different world, and told that you wouldn't be able to leave for a year. Once
your confusion has been settled with, it's natural to feel anxious and lonely.

...But even when I said that, it doesn't mean I can do something about it. I'm
just another person from the same world to her, and I've never really talked to
her before. The only thing I can do is pretend I didn't hear her and walk away.

Taking a deep breath, I walk away again like nothing happened. After walking 10
steps forward, I couldn't her voice any longer and the silence returns again.

However, it somehow looks like bad timing continues—This time, I could see
Kusunoki-san walking in front of me. Somehow, when the medieval women's
nightwear was mention, I had a narrow view of them and think that they were
something like negligees, but the one Kusunoki-san is wearing is an ordinary
white nightgown, a design that makes me think would be something old people
would wear.

[...]

[...]

I don't mean to be repetitive, but I may be acquainted with Kusunoki-san and
Yuzuki-san, but that doesn't mean we're close. They are just strangers who
happened to be in the same situation as I am. We exchanged a simple greeting
without saying anything in particular, just passing each other.

That's why I was a little surprised that I was suddenly called out.

[...Miyama-san.]

[Unn?]

Turning around to look at where the voice came from, Kusunoki-san was still
looking at the end of the corridor. I could see her beautiful black hair and her
back that looked slimmer than when she was wearing her school uniform.

[...Miyama-san, you're very calm, aren't you?]

[Do I look that way?]

[...Did you believe what Lilia-san and the others said?]

Not responding to my reply, Kusunoki-san continued speaking. It was too dim for
me to see clearly even though there's some light shining into the corridor, but
her small shoulders seemed to be shaking.

However, she's asking me if I believed Lilia-san's story or not? Is she talking
about her assurance that we're safe or about when she said she would be taking
care of us? In that case, my reply would be—

[No, I don't know. Or well, at least, I still don't know.]

[...Eh?]

[She's been good to me, so I would think that she's a kind person, but if you're
asking if I trust her or not, I can't just say yes to that. I can't just fully
trust someone I've only known for less than half a day... But I don't think
there's anyone else I can rely on right now.]

[...I suppose... you're right.]

That's right, It's not like I'm saying that Lilia-san or Lunamaria-san are bad
people or that they're lying to us. I'm well aware that I'm being taken care of
and I appreciate it. However, if I'm being asked if I trust them, I can only
answer that I don't know.

I mean, we haven't really spoken with anyone other than Lilia-san and the others
in this other world yet. At the end of the day, we're in a situation where
there's nothing for me to judge. I don't think I'm optimistic enough to be
unconditionally relieved just by being under their care.

[...]

[...]

An awkward silence. What in the world does Kusunoki-san want to say anyway?

[...Why did you so readily agree to go shopping with Lunamaria-san?]

[Isn't it because it was necessary for us to shop?]

[...I'm scared. I can't help but be scared of the kindness offered to me in an
unfamiliar place by someone I've never spoken to before, asking nothing in
return.]

[That there's nothing more expensive than something free? I think it's right to
be vigilant though?]

[...Then, why do you seem to be okay with it? Even though I have some people I
know here like Hina-chan and Mitsunaga-kun, I'm so anxious that I feel like I'm
going to start crying if I'm not being careful... I don't mean to say that
Lilia-san and the others are planning to harm us, but you got lost in the city,
didn't you? You're suddenly alone in a different world, aren't you? How can you
remain so calm?]

[No, it's not like I'm not worried about it...]

[...Haven't you ever thought... that you could have gotten injured or died...]

Fumu, it appears that Kusunoki-san isn't happy that I didn't seem to be
particularly concerned about our situation, even having experienced being
suddenly lost on the first day. No, it wasn't that I'm calm about it... I wonder
if that's what it looks like to others?

In fact, I'm well aware that I'm basically a weak-willed person. When we got
separated from each other, I became really flustered and anxious... But it's
already been resolved, so I don't think it's worth dragging it out...

But now that I've said it again, it's true that in some cases, I could have been
injured or worse, die.

[Well, it's all over now anyway... Besides, even if I had gotten injured or
died—Well, that would be “because I was unlucky.”]

[...Unlucky?]

Thereupon, Kusunoki-san finally looked back at me. Her shaking eyes seem to be
tinged with a hint of fear.

[Even if it wasn't in another world, when it's your time, you'll die. No matter
how much you protect yourself or take care of your health, whether you're a good
person or a bad person, if you're unlucky, you will die early. Ah, it's not like
I'm saying that I want to die. I'm afraid of dying and I don't want to die
but... Well, I guess I can't help it when that time comes, can I?]

[...]

[Ah, err... Sorry. The way I said it might have not been right. I don't mean to
impose my ideas on you or anything, but I'm just trying not to think too much
about stuff that has already happened...]

[...No, it was my fault since I had asked such a strange question.]

Hmmm, it's no good. I guess I've been a loner for so long that my communipower
is too low to be able to follow up well. This is bad... We'll be in the same
situation for the upcoming year, so I don't really want any strange conflict
happening between us...

[...Can I ask you another question?]

[Unnn?]

[...Miyama-san's one year in this world. How would you like to spend that time?]

[...]

---

In front of an oversized desk in the office, the head of this mansion, Lilia had
her arms crossed with a frown on her face.

[...I was worried about the possibility itself happening, but this happened too
early, didn't it?]

[...My apologies. It was my blunder.]

[No, it wasn't Luna's fault. To be honest, I didn't expect that you and “the
shadows” would lose sight of Kaito-san at the same time. No, that's not
something that could happen if you both were just being negligent... We haven't
received the detailed results of the investigations yet, but it's safe to assume
that “Recognition Inhibition Magic” was placed on Kaito-san.]

They were talking about that incident where she had lost sight of Miyama Kaito
on the streets this evening. The person himself doesn't seem to mind about that
incident—No, he had only recognized it as him getting lost in the crowd, but it
was a grave incident for the two of them.

[Agriculture, industry, food culture... Up until now, the things that Heroes,
the otherworlders have brought us have caused various revolutions. There are
some people whose interests have connections with the otherworldly knowledge but
the protection for Heroes is extremely strict. It's difficult to use him for
personal gain.]

[...However, this time, “otherworlders other than the Hero” have appeared.
That's why Milady took custody of the three of them as soon as possible.]

[Yes. If information about them gets out, some people may even use drastic
measures. However, I never expected that they would suddenly use magic on the
first day... We have to assume that there's a “bug” among those who witnessed
the summoning.]

The people who Lilia commanded to accompany Kaito when they went out weren't
just Lunamaria, there were also several guards who were skilled in stealth
following them as well. The knowledge from another world, they were sent to make
sure those who want it don't act strangely... However, it was unexpected that
all of them lost sight of Kaito at the same time.

[...Should we tell those three?]

[There's no way I can say that to them. They should still be anxious after being
summoned to a different world, how can I tell them that they might be
targeted?... I think we're going to have to settle this case ourselves. I want
you to immediately secure enough “Anti-Recognition Inhibition Magic” magic tools
for the shadows and contact Older Brother—His Majesty, the King.]

[I respectfully obey. However, I don't get it. For someone who's gone to such
great lengths to use Recognition Inhibition Magic that would leave traces of its
usage, yet hasn't taken any action...]

[...It may have been that they couldn't take any action. What about that Demon
that Kaito-san said he encountered?]

[As we had expected, “we're unable to hear the Demon's name.”. It must have been
the Information Concealment Magic that the High-ranking Demons often used, if
you think about the fact that this Demon had “forcibly cancelled” the
Recognition Inhibition Magic that was supposed to be applied to Miyama-sama,
it's easy to predict that they must be a High-ranking Demon. Moreover, this
too...]

While speaking in a serious tone, Lunamaria placed Kaito's necklace that she had
kept in custody on the table.

[...What are the inspection results?]

[The purity of the magic crystal is estimated to be at least 90%, and the magic
technique imbued on it... Unfortunately, our Duchy's mage couldn't decipher it,
but it's said to be at least level 10.]

[...It's already on the level of a “National Treasure” huh... Although we still
don't know the purpose of this Demon, I honestly don't want to imagine a clash
with a Demon of this level.]

[Yes, if you're not at least of the court mage class, you can't even be
considered its opponent...]

[Anyway, let's be vigilant for now. What about the mansion?

[We've deployed multiple wards as well as several detection magic circles. The
shadows have also been deployed in case of an emergency, ordering them not to
let even a single rat pass.]

[...We have to settle this problem immediately.]

Staring out the window into the deep darkness that seemed to reflect the minds
of those present, Lilia muttered with a somewhat anxious voice.

---

In the silence of the night, I went out to the veranda—or more like, the balcony
of my room to gaze at the stars and the moon in the night sky.

The sky in the other world appears to be the same as what we see on Earth. The
stars and the constellations may be different, but I wouldn't know.

With my hair ruffled by the occasional breeze, I think back to Kusunoki's
question earlier.

What do I want to do, what do I want to be in the future, or what my future's
objective is... I've always had the hardest time being asked those kinds of
questions. I've heard of the saying that “you know yourself best”, but I don't
know myself the best.

Even after thinking about it again, I still don't understand. Do I have any
expectations for being summoned to this other world? Or is it that I'm just
discouraged? Both feel like the right answer, but both answers also feel wrong
at the same time.

I chose the high school I went to because it was close to home. It's not like I
didn't want to pursue any particular career and just didn't want to be a working
man right away, so I went to college. I vaguely thought that I would somehow
become a salary man after moderately enjoying my student life.

I love playing games. Especially RPGs... Even if I don't think for myself, there
are enemies to defeat and equipment to aim at. And when I'm prepared, I could
moderately get a sense of accomplishment after I clear the game.

I also like to read light novels. Especially those simple rise-to-the-top
stories which give me peace of mind. And as I empathize with the protagonist,
when the protagonist thinks through about the hardships he's confronting, I
would feel like I've accomplished through the difficulties myself.

In the face of difficulties, I think it's great to achieve your goals despite
your struggles. I think it's admirable to have a goal or a dream, and work
towards it. In that case, am I in the wrong for not having it? I wonder if I'm
just running away from reality? Do I really have to do that? I don't know, and I
still don't have the answer to this.

I think I can change myself if I work hard, but I don't think it has to be now.
Some of us want to change, while others want to stay the same and live
comfortably.

This has been the case since I was summoned to this world. While I was relieved
that the world was at peace and that the Hero wasn't a nuisance—I was also
disappointed that I wasn't the Hero of the story. I think I'm filled with
contradictions.

I want to change, but I don't have the effort nor the courage to change myself,
so I just stare at the empty sky with my mouth wide open, hoping that even a
botamochi will conveniently fall from somewhere.[^botamachi]

It's a really ridiculous story. And now, as I gaze at the night sky with my
mouth open wide, knowing that nothing would fall down...

[Then, what about a baby castella?!]

[Gobuuaaahh?!?!]

Into my mouth that was opened wide while I'm in a daze, a pile of baby castellas
was suddenly thrown, looking like fireworks that were about to burst out.

Good children must never imitate this at home, or even if you're not at home. I
never thought that my first life-threatening crisis in another world would be
caused by baby castellas—I never expected something like this would happen, you
know?!

[...Gehook...]

[No, sorry sorry. You had your mouth wide open, so I thought... Are you
alright?]

A familiar girl mumbled out an apology as she gently stroked my back as I
coughed. It was my first night in a different world and a nightmare suddenly
attacked me when I was a little drowsy. How amazing you are, oh different world.
How frightening you are, oh different world... I never thought I would be
traumatized by baby castellas.

[...or rather, how come you're here, Kuro?]

[Well\~\~ what an amazing coincidence it is, isn't it? Bumping into each other
in a place like this, it felt like fate!]

[No, no matter how I look at it, we're in a personal residence, right?!]

[You know, it's one of those common stories that it got boring to hear, where
you went out of the city for a change of pace, but you notice a friend of yours
“a few kilometers away” with his mouth wide open and raised up to the sky, so
you just have to “slip through the detection barrier” and throw some baby
castellas into their mouth.]

[Like hell that could happen! There are lots of abnormal things I can point out
from that story!]

This place is completely locked down, right?! There's no way in hell it's a
coincidence when you illegally intruded on a Duke's house in the middle of the
night! No good. There are too many things that I have to tsukkomi that I can't
even keep up with them.

[Now, now, let's just put the small details aside.]

[...They're not just small details. Something like this is a large enough
incident...]

Seemingly not wanting to hear the shout of my soul, Kuro continued speaking with
an innocent smile on her face.

[Look, didn't I tell you before? That if you're in a predicament, I can help
you. Kaito-kun, you seemed to be troubled with something, but what's the
matter?]

[Eh? Ah, no, I don't know if you could say I'm bothered by it... I don't know if
I should say this...]

Hmmm, It was the same when we met in the evening, but I still can't catch up
with Kuro's pace. Or rather, I felt like I'm being overtaken by her innocent
smile and ended up being carried away by it.

[I was just thinking about the things that have just happened and the things
that were about to happen.]

[I see... Alright! Well, how about I listen to you while we go have an “moon
viewing”!]

[Why?!]

As soon as Kuro's coat touched the floor of the balcony, it undulated and a
black mat suddenly unfurled out on the floor. Ah, no, looking closely, that's
not just a mat, but a tatami mat.

And it doesn't end there, the black shadow under her coat stretched out and a
stand where you place the tsukimi dangos—I think it was called sanpo? It
detached from her shadow and placed it on top of the tatami. What the heck is
that coat? Does anything come out of that? That's a terribly convenient coat you
have...

[Now, sit sit, the moon is beautiful tonight and we can take our tim talking
about it~]

[...Ahh, unnn.]

I sit down on the tatami mats, prompted by the outrageous development and her
lovely smile. Then, Kuro points at the sanpo and shook it lightly, and then... a
tsukimi dango appeared there—

[Why the heck aren't they dangos, but baby castellas?!]

[Eh? Moon viewing is that festival where we eat sweets while looking at the
moon, right?]

[...I feel like there's nothing wrong with that interpretation itself, even
though there's a fatal mistake about it...]

Why the heck would she know about the tatami and sanpo, but replace the most
essential dangos with baby castellas? What's with her half-baked information...

[Fufufu, I can't have you underestimating me. These baby castellas were made
especially for moon viewing! Try it and you'll see the difference right away!!
Here, take some~]

[A-Alright. Alright already... I'll go eat some.]

While some of my trauma was stimulated from looking at the baby castella coming
closer to my mouth, I gave up thinking and brought the baby castella into my
mouth.

[This is...?!]

The baby castella I put in my mouth looked like an ordinary castella on the
outside, but inside was a chewy dough with a solid elasticity and slight
sweetness that tasted familiar for my Japanese tongue—the taste of red-bean
paste.

I see, so to speak, there's a dango wrapped inside this baby castella. Within
this small piece of baby castella is an encapsulated dumpling that could be
called an extraordinary piece of craftsmanship—

[Then, a regular tsukimi dango would have been enough! Why did you have to coat
it in baby castella?! What's with your obsession with baby castellas?! All I
feel from seeing them is fear, you know?! Or rather, if you're so obsessed with
it, why the heck did you even remember its name wrong?!]

[You're really lively, aren't you? However, won't you get tired if you talk like
that in one breath? Here, I've got you something to drink. It's a legitimate
other world beverage now, you know?]

[Ah, thank you—Buuhhh?!]

Taking the cup offered by Kuro, who was staring at me as I shouted with a smile
on her face, I took the drink she offered to moisten my dry throat from all
these tsukkomis and gulped it down—which I immediately spurted out.

[Are you alright? It's dangerous to drink it all at once, you have to carefully
drink it.]

[Gohon, gerhem... Why... coffee...]

[Eh? In the other world, you drink this when you eat sweets, right?]

[...]

All those previous heroes who have given Kuro half-baked knowledge about the
other world, come out here so I can punch you in the face.

I thought it was a funny thing to call it tsukimi even though the new year is
about to come, but it seems that in this world—the moon in the skies is largest
and most visible at Japan's equivalent for nenmatsunenshi, which is the best
time for them to see the moon.[^tsukimi]

Most of all—Looking at us sitting on a tatami mat, drinking a cup of coffee in
one hand while I ate some baby castella, I can only think that everything's
wrong, regardless of whether it's in a different world or not.

[...Hmmm. How should I say this, you Humans really worry about strangest
things!]

[Is that how it felt like from a Demon's perspective?]

While watching the moon with Kuro as she's clad in a calm atmosphere as if she's
well acquainted with the long history, I spontaneously confided about what I had
been thinking earlier.

Not knowing what I want to do, the anticipation and anxiety from the changes
that came upon our arrival to the different world. Even though I wasn't able to
skillfully answer Kusonoki-san's question, for some reason, it spontaneously
came out of my mouth when I'm talking with Kuro. It may be because of the unique
atmosphere she has, but Kuro's voice somehow gives me a gentle sense of relief.

And after listening to my story, Kuro quietly spun her words as she tilted her
teacup.

[I don't think that people who have objectives and dreams are better than people
who don't. It's not that it's wrong to not have it, it's also not wrong to want
it... It's just that it would be a waste to not reach out for it, don't you
think?]

[It would be a waste?]

[Unnn. Kaito-kun—From my point of view, a human's life is just as short as an
instant. It's only for less than a hundred years. What I meant is that you only
have that much time in your life. However, if you worry about every single minor
detail, you'll end up living your whole life just worrying about it. In that
case, I think it's just much more beneficial to just put it all behind and have
some fun.]

[...Have some fun huh...]

I don't exactly know how to have some fun. I know that I wanted to acquire
something, but I don't know what exactly I want.

[...An old acquaintance of mine had said something similar to what you just
said. She said “she felt empty”.]

[Empty?]

[Yes, there are apparently so many hopes and desires piling up on her... and
before she knew it, she's only walking down the path that someone has shown her.
She said that she's become someone empty... It's not that she hates it, and she
just wants to live up to the expectations imposed on her... But sometimes, she
wonders where her true feelings could be.]

[...We certainly resemble quite a bit.]

[Unnn. I wonder if that's why? The reason why I like Kaito-kun is that you're
just like that child.]

[Eh?]

Turning to Kuro in surprise from her gentle words, her golden eyes which seemed
to see through everything in the world were looking straight at me. It wasn't
something uncomfortable as being stared at by someone, it rather looked like the
gentle, affectionate look of a mother.

[...You're just like a newborn baby bird who still doesn't know anything.]

[A baby bird?]

[Yes, a baby bird who wants to acquire feathers—but doesn't know how to grow
them. A baby bird who wants to fly—but doesn't know how to. I think being
troubled is the same as being hopeful. From deep inside you, there's a
glittering wish that you have not yet found yourself. Even though you still
haven't figured it out by now, it's neither a shame nor is it a bad thing.]

It's like she's singing a lullaby, her gentle voice resonates deep in my heart.
It's like she's wrapping me with her reminders that it's okay... that I don't
have to worry about it—

[That's why... Let's go treasure hunting!]

[...What?]

Arehh? That's weird. Wasn't this the beginning of a deeply moving storyline? Why
did she suddenly start going off on a tangent again? Are you that free? Hey, are
you that free?

[Mmhmm. I like Kaito-kun, so it should be fine.]

[Why are you holding me from behind with both of your hands? Why is your coat
suddenly shaped like gigantic wings? I've got a really bad feeling about this
though... Geh, you're so strong!]

[It's alright, it's alright. We're just going to take a little stroll up in the
sky!]

[I don't feel like there's anything alright about that
explanation—Gyyaaahhhhhh?!]

My voice didn't reach Kuro's ears as her coat, which had changed into gigantic
wings, moved and immediately afterwards, I felt the scenery blown downwards in
one breath.

I instinctively closed my eyes, but I didn't feel the resistance of the strong
wind. Rather, it feels like it's gently caressing my cheeks.

[Look, Kaito-kun. See for yourself.]

[Eh—?!]

Lured by her beautiful voice, my eyes slowly opened, but I couldn't utter any
more words.

I can see the big moon in the sky and the light of life, looking like stars
shining on the ground. A magnificent and beautiful sight, I can't think of
anything to describe it—other than calling it a sight to behold.

[Kaito-kun. We're in a big world.]

[Eh?]

[Even though I've lived a long time, there are lots of things I don't know and
understand. Things you don't know, sights you've never seen—Even if you spend
your entire life, that still wouldn't be enough to know about everything.]

[...]

[You've finally come to this world, so why don't we search for it? In here, for
what seems to be your valuable “treasure” deep within your heart... what you
wanted to do, you don't have to find that answer. When it's time for you to
leave, even if you don't know what you want to do, you would instead be able to
acquire the answer to “what you've done” and “what you've discovered”... That's
why, it's okay for you to be empty for now.]

![Insert 2](../../_Images/v01/Insert2.png#.insert)

With those words, Kuro let go of the hand that was holding me. I'm falling?! is
what I thought for a moment, but my body wasn't rapidly falling, finding myself
slowly descending towards the vast earth.

Descending from a considerable altitude, I turned my gaze to the stars shining
on the ground—A little ahead of me, I could see Kuro smiling gently with her
arms spread out in front of her.

With the light of the glittering stars on the ground from behind and her shiny
silver hair fluttering in the wind, she's so beautiful that I can't take my eyes
off her as she looks at me with her golden eyes that seem to be gently sucking
me in.

[Wanting wings—but you don't know how to grow them. Wanting to fly—but you don't
know how to. Yes, you're still an innocent and adorable baby bird who has yet to
know anything...]

I thought we were a distance away from each other, and yet, her voice wasn't
drowned out by the sound of the wind but it reached straight to my ears.

[In that case—I will teach you! Things you don't know, sights you've never seen,
this world itself!]

[?!]

One day, just like in the novels, I was suddenly caught up in the summoning of
Heroes and came to a different world.

I will become a Hero. I will change this helplessly useless self. I definitely
held such faint expectations.

[In this gentle world, I bless your visit!]

But—that world is at peace. Nothing has changed for me and I haven't had the
courage to change.

[In that case, from now on, let's start looking for it here in a different
world! The thing you couldn't find by yourself!]

However—I had a strange encounter, got swung about with her nonsense and got my
common sense shattered without even knowing why.

[From now on, let's start from this moment onwards! Let's do something
different! ]

However—looking back upon it, this encounter with this irrational demon was the
biggest moment of change for me.

[—Where you—are the protagonist of this story!]

Yes, indeed, at this moment, my immensely nonsensical, yet a gentle and warm
story started with Kuro's words. I had such a feeling of certainty in my heart.

[^hikari]:
    The first hero name is "Kujou Hikari" which can be read as "Brave Person"

[^botamachi]: Botamochi, a mochi with Azuki/Red bean fillings

[^tsukimi]:
    Tsukimi happens in mid-autumn, while Nenmatsunenshi is New Year's Holiday
    happening from 28 December to 3 January
