---
toc: true
---

# Chapter 2: Salvation, Together with the Shining Tree

Light peered in through the window as I opened my eyelids, which are still a
little heavy. I absentmindedly stared into this unfamiliar room, until my
awakened mind finally recalled the events yesterday.

That's right... I'm in a different world. Looking back on it again, it has been
a hectic day.

I got caught up in the summoning of the Hero, studied the history of the other
world, went to the moon with a demon I don't understand, kidnapped by that demon
I don't understand towards an empty journey and fell asleep before I knew
it—Arehh? Putting aside the beginning, aren't most of the hectic parts of my day
caused by that baby castella incarnate? Or rather, I don't remember coming back
to my room. I wonder how long I've been asleep in my bed?

While I had such thoughts in mind, I suddenly saw glittering letters appear in
front of my eyes.

“I'll come visit again, okay?”

Let's check out what I know again. This is the mansion of Duchess Lilia Alberto,
who is currently looking after us, and the residence of her people. In short,
that demon is a stranger for this residence. I feel that it's really important
that I would need to repeat it again, she's a stranger for this residence—That
little demon girl is really doing what she wants.

However, should I tell Lilia-san and the others that a demon trespasser was here
yesterday? Although I'm still out of touch with the common sense of this world,
I can easily imagine that it would be a pretty big problem if the Duchess'
residence were being trespassed upon. If I were to believe what she said, Kuro
illegally intruded this place because she wanted to see me, I also haven't been
harmed by her—I was just slightly traumatized by baby castellas.

In that case, even if it were extremely troubling... but my intuition tells me.
Perhaps, even if I were to report it and this place increases its vigilance,
Kuro will still appear with that smile she had last night. In that case, as
expected... Should I wait-and-see for the moment? At any rate, it doesn't seem
like Kuro is a bad girl, and I'm also indebted to her for saving me when I got
lost.

Ah, but there's a chance that they will ask about the ruckus last night first
thing in the morning...

Just as I was thinking about it, I heard a knock on the door, telling me that
breakfast was ready. For the time being, I decided to put aside thinking about
Kuro for the future as I left the room, heading for the dining room.

Our breakfast was a simple Western-style one, but it was served with pure
white-colored bread. They explained to me that in this world, it's customary to
eat white bread at the first meal of the new year. I don't know how they made it
this white, but it tasted just like a plain butter roll.

[Did all of you sleep well yesterday?]

[Ah, yes.]

[I was so tired yesterday that I fell asleep right away.]

[...]

Hearing Lilia-san suddenly asking about such things, the image of myself
screaming loudly in my head returned back into my mind and I couldn't respond
quickly enough.

[...Kaito-san?]

[Ah, I was watching the moon in the veranda for a little while before sleeping.]

[Yes, it was a beautiful moonlit night yesterday, wasn't it? “I was also
relaxing within the night breeze, it was a really great, peaceful night,
befitting the 30th of the Celestial Moon.”]

[...Y-You're right.]

Arehh? A peaceful night? That's weird... Is Lilia-san's room so far away that
she can't hear me screaming? I feel like we're not on the same page...

Before that problem could be firmly formed in my mind, Kusunoki-san spoke.

[Speaking of which, it's the new year today in this world, isn't it? Do people
do anything special for the occasion?]

[Let me think... Basically, most of the Humans were spending their time at home
for 3 days after the arrival of new year. After that, there will be a New Year's
celebration. There are also some regional variations but—]

It seems that there's a custom in this world just like Japan's Sanganichi,
during which most of the establishments were closed. Then, from what Lilia-san
told me, I learned that there would be an event that's like Shinnenkai where
they would receive the Blessings of the Gods.[^shinnenkai]

The Blessing of the Gods is a Hatsumode-lke event where people would wish for
their health and improvement from the Gods visiting their temples, and there are
various forms depending on the region and the type of Gods living there.

[For example, here in the royal capital where there's a temple governing
“health” and “order”, it's common to receive blessings for health and peace
during the new year, but in areas where there are temples governing “harvest”,
they may receive the blessing for an abundant harvest. Even though I said that,
only royalty and nobles can meet the Gods and Goddesses and receive their
blessings in person, so it would basically be like asking for the blessing from
the priests.]

It seems that most of the people will be bestowed with the blessing, although
it's also influenced by how strong their religious beliefs are. However, this is
just a custom of the Human Race and it doesn't apply for the Gods and Demons.

The Gods would usually spend the day praying to the Creation God, not even
eating any meals.

On the first day of the new year, the Demons are said to take only one of the
predetermined foods as a form of thanks to the Six Kings.

[Incidentally, everyone may already know about it, but Luna follows the customs
of the Demons.]

[Eh? Luna-san is a Demon?!]

[To Hina-san's question, you could say that's true, but you could also say it
isn't.]

[To put it simply, I'm a human-demon hybrid.]

We are surprised by what Lilia-san suddenly said, but the person herself,
Lunamaria-san answered as if it were a matter of course. It seems that in this
world where demons and humans are friendly with each other, hybrids aren't
uncommon and weren't that unusual.

[If you want me to specify it, I have a quarter of the blood of humans and
elves, and half of the blood of demons. That's why, there are some traces of my
elven bloodline on my ears.]

[Hoeehh~]

Saying this, Lunamaria-san moves her hair so that we can see her ears. It's true
that Lunamaria-san's ears are a little pointed, but they aren't as long as the
ears of the elves I had in mind.

I see, you could say that this is something unique to this world where the
exchange between races is flourishing. In fact, Lunamaria-san looks like a
bundle of otherworldly factors.

[I've heard that people in other worlds are relatively sensitive to the image of
mixed-races—but about a third of the people working in this mansion are mixed
races, and they're very common in this world.]

I guess she could tell that we were surprised, and so Lilia-san explained with a
smile telling us that it's nothing unusual. It's true that even in fantasy
novels, there are many instances of mixed-race persecution, so I may have had a
prejudiced image about them. I'll try to correct this thought so that I wouldn't
be rude to them.

Incidentally, Lilia-san is a pure-blooded human, but she made a wry smile about
the fact that she doesn't know about her ancestors.

[...Well, the reason why Luna spends the New Year following the customs of the
Demon Realm is simple—Luna, do you have something you wanted to say today?]

[All these foods I offer for the name of the revered Underworld King-sama!]

[...By the way, these foods were originally supposed to be offered to the Six
Kings, without naming any of them in particular...]

[ [ [ ...Ah. ] ] ]

[Incidentally, there are 67 different kinds of offerings designated for
Underworld King-sama's name this year...]

[That's enough. Luna, you don't have to explain that part.]

Lilia-san tells her with a tired look on her face while the fanatic
enthusiastically replies.

Rather, that's so many different varieties of food offerings! Ah, right, there
are so many different kinds of demons, aren't there? I'm sure there are some
things that they couldn't eat because of their body type, so maybe they're
taking that into consideration? Though I was a bit creeped out by Lunamaria-san
who had memorized the different kinds of foods that were offered to Underworld
King...

When we finished breakfast and listened to the story of this world again in the
same room as yesterday, Lilia-san spoke as if she suddenly remembered something.

[Ah, I forgot to mention... Later, all of you will receive a direct blessing
from the Goddess, just like the nobles and royalty. That's apparently because
the Heroes are susceptible to endemic diseases, so you're supposed to receive
the blessing of good health there.]

I don't know if there's a concept of immunity in this world, but it's true that
we're living in different environments and climates, so the blessing of good
health is important just by hearing its name. As a matter of fact, I don't want
to be the person who came to another world just to die from an epidemic.

[Wouldn't it be better if Milady receives the blessing of “Love” or “Marriage”
for once?]

[...Luna, you... You clearly know what you're talking about, right?]

[...Ahhhh! Speaking of which, you're already done it two—Gufuaahh?!]

I wonder what happened just now? While Lunamaria-san was speaking, Lilia-san
stood up and I felt like she sent a fist with an earth-shattering speed towards
Lunamaria-san's solar plexus. To be honest, it looked like Lilia-san's hand
disappeared and Lunamaria-san only got down on her knees holding her stomach
but...

[...Did you say something?]

[...A-As expected of... Milady... Your skill doesn't seem to have weakened...]

As Lilia-san spoke with a frightening smile on her face, Lunamaria-san doesn't
seem to have learned her lesson at all. The three of us whispered among each
others before thinking that the two of them are really good friends.

[...Did you see that?]

[No, I didn't see it at all.]

[Could it be that Lilia-san is actually a very strong person...]

Whispering among ourselves about that thing we saw a few moments ago... which we
didn't exactly see.

[Geez, you really are—Hyahh?!]

[ [ [ ?! ] ] ]

[Ah, no, it's not like that, everyone! That just now was, umm, err...]

Looking at her fists so sharp that it's hard to believe she's a lady of a Duchy,
we inadvertently pulled away for a bit. Lilia-san frantically turned towards us
and started explaining.

[I-I had some experience working with the Knight Order back then... I've also
acquired enough martial arts experience to know how to use it... errr...]

[Before she received her peerage, Milady was the “Division Commander” of the
Second Division of the Kingdom's Knight Order.]

[ [ [ Eeeeehhhhh?! ] ] ]

[Like I said, why are you adding unnecessary information?!]

I thought she was a prim and proper, privileged duchess, but she was
unexpectedly a martial artist.

Then, as if in retaliation for being beaten, it seemed like Lunamaria-san found
something to tease Lilia-san with and added that information with a mean smile
on her face.

[...If I remember correctly, Lilia-san is part of the royal family, right? So,
you're a fighter huh...]

[Kaito-san?! N-No, my mother told me that I should learn in both the literary
and military arts, so I've only been a member for a little while!]

[...Does that mean you became a Division Commander in just a short period of
time? That's really awesome, isn't it?]

[Even Aoi-san too?! N-No, you see, it's because of my unusual lineage that I
have been promoted very quickly...]

[...Incidentally, her skills in battle made her known as the “White Rose
Valkyrie”—To describe that title of her more concretely, she's able to
single-handedly wiped out a bandit group alone with just her horse and even a
flock of monsters would become a bloodbath in front of her... The speed of her
promotion is very exceptional.]

[Luna!]

[...Lilia-san could possibly be a terribly frightening person...]

[Hina-san?! You're mistaken! It's just that the people around me were finding it
amusing and making that story bigger than it should have been! Please don't look
at me with fear like that!]

As opposed to the really flustered Lilia-san, Lunamaria-san is clearly amused
and added more information. However, since she isn't clearly denying and she's
really flustered like that... What she said may not be just an exaggeration and
she's telling a true story.

[Incidentally, the first time I met My Lady was at the annual competition where
the members of the Kingdom's Knight Order compete in skill.]

[Luna... Please. Please don't talk about it.]

[I was still playing as a make-believe adventurer back then, and I happened to
stop by the royal capital to watch the tournament. It was amazing to see the
fleeting appearance of a girl who was only 14 years old at the time, prevailing
through the competition with her beautiful swordplay.]

[Stop... Stoooooppppp... That's something you don't talk about with others...]

Somehow, it seems that Lilia-san has a very dark history, as she clung on to
Lunamaria-san while begging her to stop, as if the master and subordinate have
been reversed. I'm honestly feeling sorry for her, but I can't speak for her
because I'm more curious about the contents of her story than anything else. I'm
sorry, Lilia-san.

[However, her opponent is already a veteran among the knights! After My Lady's
sword was broken by a blow from clashing against a warrior in the 5th round...
the spectators, including myself, thought it was Milady's defeat.]

[...That's not it... That was just the excitement of a first time
participant...]

[However, thereupon, Milady immediately threw away her sword and the training
sword that was swung down from above her head “were crushed between her two
fists draped in her magic power”!!]

[ [ [ Eh? ] ] ]

[Without a pause, she dived into her armored opponent's bosom and immediately
unleashed her attacks! She doesn't seem to be a human girl. It's as if she
suddenly turned into an Ogre as she unleashed an onslaught of “fists that
destroyed her enemy's armor”, achieving victory.]

[ [ [ Ehhhhhhhh?! ] ] ]

[Pleaaaassseee... Stop it already... Seriously...]

[Seeing My Lady raising her fist with a radiant smile, I—I want to serve her, is
what I thought.]

[Aaahhhhhhh... That's not it... You're mistaken...]

Lunamaria-san, who was telling the story with a radiant expression on her face,
looks as if she had turned really youthful? Lilia-san covered her face and
crashed down on the desk, her ears turning red.

Lunamaria-san... You're really relentless, aren't you? It may be rude of me to
just listen to that heroic tale without even helping her, but the beautiful
woman was so embarrassed that her face turned bright red and I unintentionally
thought it was really moe.

[...That was just... a spur of the moment... You're mistaken...]

[Incidentally, that moment also shattered the “intentions of her prospective
fiancé” that her parents chose for her at that time, and it was decided that
conversations about her engagements were never to be discussed again.]

[...]

I'm lost for words. Please stop it already, Lunamaria-san! Lilia-san is
half-crying already!

In that silent room, I could only hear Lilia-san's voice mumbling “You're
mistaken...” but Lunamaria-san looked at me for some reason and pointed towards
Lilia-san who was lying down on her desk.

Eh? What? Are you trying to tell me to make a follow up for what you did? How
unreasonable can you be?! Why are Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san looking at me too?
Like I said, that's impossible! That's something way too unreasonable to ask a
loner, you know?!

But, however, nevertheless. There's no doubt that this is completely that
useless maid's fault, but I'm also feeling slightly guilty for not stopping the
conversation in the middle. And being a weak-willed dunce who can't defy the
pressure of their silence and the majority vote, I don't have any choice.

[...U-Ummm, Lilia-san?]

[...Uuuhh... Kaito-san... It's not like that. I'm not a “violent woman who
doesn't shed blood nor tears”... nor is it that “the White Rose's thorn is as
sharp as a dragon's fang”... It's not like that.]

Ah, it looks like she must have been teased a lot in the past... that she's
already traumatized. Her eyes that were relying on me look really cute... This
isn't the time for that! Err, follow up, follow up...

[I-I understand! It's alright, we're just a little surprised, we didn't think
that Lilia-san is the kind of person who would indiscriminately use violence!]

[Sniff... Really?]

[Of course! I mean, we're talking about a story that happened when you're just
14, right? It's your first time in a tournament at such an age, so it's only
natural that you would be desperately fighting. It just happened to be a
combination of coincidences and that you ended up winning...]

[Incidentally, she was able to acquire “Runner-up” as the final outcome of the
tournament.]

Could you stop adding extra information and shut up for a moment, you useless
maid?

[A-Anyway, it's only been a day since we've met, but I know that Lilia-san is
kind, and I may not know what happened back then... but I'm not afraid of
Lilia-san just because of the events in the past.]

[Uuuuuhhh... Kaito-san...]

D-Did I manage to follow up well? Oi, what's with that thumbs up, useless maid?!

I was annoyed to see Lunamaria-san looking at me as if to say that I had done a
good job after she had forced me to clean up her mess, so I decided to change
the direction of our conversation for a bit.

[...Putting that aside. You know... Lilia-san, is it even your fault?]

[...Eh?]

[...Huh?]

[You see, everyone has one or two failures in the past that they don't want
anyone to know about. It certainly is a terrible thing to talk about such things
so joyfully to others, isn't it? I don't think it's something you can just
apologize for and get away with.]

[U-Umm, Miyama-sama? Miyama-sama?]

[...In that case, if there are scoundrels like that, it's you who should be
judging them instead. Lilia-san may be a kind person, but I think it's better to
be quick to smash her with judgement in these situations.]

[...That's indeed the case.]

In a voice as gentle as possible, and yet, Lilia-san affirmed that it's not her
fault at all. Lilia-san's tears stopped and conversely, Lunamaria-san's face
turned pale. However, she's only just receiving her just deserts in the first
place.

[Ahh, I'm sorry. It seems that I had a little bit too much breakfast... so I'll
go take a stroll for a while and we'll talk after that... Kusunoki-san,
Yuzuki-san, why don't we take a look around the house?]

[...You're right.]

[I agree.]

Even though Lilia-san is somehow trying not to make us anxious, but most of it
is just because we're afraid of what's about to happen. That's why, Lilia-san is
doing everything she can so that she won't be angry in front of us.

Cutting off the conversation early and purposely calling out Kusunoki-san and
Yuzuki-san, we headed for the door. At the edge of my vision, I could see
Lilia-san standing up from her seat and Lunamaria-san's face turning white to
blue.

[U-Umm, I will be your guide...]

[We remember the way, so we don't need a guide anymore.]

[...?!]

[...Lu\~ na~]

[Hiiii?! M-My Lady... E-Errr...]

I think I heard a frightening voice echoing from the pits of hells, but I walked
out of the room without looking back. A short time later, though I don't really
know whose voice that is, I think I heard a shout that sounded like someone had
been attacked by a predator, but I guess it was probably just my imagination.

As we evacuated while Lilia-san was talking (physically) with Lunamaria-san,
only us three people of the same homeworld inadvertently walked around the
mansion.

Come to think of it, I hadn't really talked to Kusunoki-san or Yuzuki-san.
Kusunoki-san and I talked for a bit last night, but our conversation didn't
really mesh well. I guess I should apologize for that first.

[Ahh\~ Errr, Kusunoki-san. Yesterday...]

[I'm sorry.]

[Arehh?]

I wanted to apologize for the way I had unintentionally made her feel uneasy,
but for some reason she apologized first.

[Even though Miyama-san was also feeling troubled with our current situation, I
suddenly asked a strange question last night...]

[Ah, no, I should be the one apologizing instead. I don't know why I said that.
I may look calm for Kusunoki-san and the others even though I'm pretty confused
myself... I wasn't able to explain what I thought that well.]

[No, I don't think what you said is unreasonable.]

[...Like, I'm being left behind here. Aoi-senpai, Miyama-senpai, when did you
talk with each other?]

The atmosphere that had become a little stiff because of last night's
conversation somehow seemed to ease up a little after we apologized to each
other. Yuzuki-san, who didn't know about the situation, asked us with a curious
look on her face, but there was another thing that was bothering me. Or rather,
I've been wondering about it since yesterday.

[We just ran into each other in the hallway last night and talked for a bit.
Rather than that, I've been wondering... Why are you calling me senpai,
Yunoki-san?]

[Eh? I mean, Miyama-senpai is an alumni from our High School, right?]

[Huh?]

[Eh? Yuzuki-chan, is that true?!]

[Ah, yes. I think...]

I was honestly surprised by Yuzuki-san's words, which she told me like it was
obvious. It's true that I'm a graduate from the same high school they're going
to, but I graduated three years ago, and I didn't think that two of the current
students would know about it.

[It's certainly true that I went to the same high school as the two of you, but
I graduated three years ago...]

[Well, I wasn't really sure at first, but I thought it was because you matched
the characteristics I'd heard about from my brother.]

[Your brother?]

Something unusual suddenly came out again. I'm not proud of it, but I should
have been a student without any particular characteristics back in high school.
I didn't take part in any club activities, my grades were going back and forth,
there weren't any big episodes that happened in my life and I'm sad to say it
myself, but I was lonely and didn't have a lot of friends.

In fact, I'm still desperately searching my memory, trying to remember the
person who could possibly be Yuzuki-san's brother, but I honestly can't think of
anyone.

[Yes. I heard that someone had a big scar from the right ear to his neck, so I
thought that it's you.]

[...That certainly is a recognizable trait, but I still don't have any idea who
Yuzuki-san's brother is...]

I certainly had an accident a long time ago that left a huge scar from my right
ear to my neck. It may be understandable for her to recognize me based on such a
feature, but to have listened about it enough for her to remember it, Yuzuki's
brother may have been talking about me quite often. For someone like me who
feels that dividing the class into groups is nothing but bullying, I honestly
don't have any idea who that is.

[He used to complain that you're always falling asleep in class and that no
matter how many times he warned you, you never stopped...]

[...Ah, I see. President huh...]

When I was in my second year of high school, I was hooked on MMO—internet games,
so to speak, and I was living a life where my nights and days were almost
reversed. I was playing games all night while I slept at school. Looking back on
it now, I may have been extremely unserious back then, in the time when I was
treating the world lightly, the so-called “rebellious period”. The teacher also
gave up and didn't say anything to me when I went to sleep, no matter how many
times they scolded me.

However, there are serious people in the world, only the Class President has
been warning me every single day... I was only feeling irritated at that time,
but now that I've mentally calmed down, I began to feel sorry for him. Looking
back, the Class President's surname certainly is Yuzuki. I was only calling him
chairman and I'd never really had much conversation with him outside of that, so
I'd completely forgotten.

[Miyama-san... What are you going to school for...]

[No, well, I had lots of things back then... Yuzuki-san, please tell him my
apologies when we come back to our world a year later.]

[Roger that!]

Kusunoki-san, who probably has a serious character, was staring at me while
Yuzuki-san bitterly smiled and returned an exaggerated salute.

I'm afraid I won't be able to take the position of the dependable senpai, but
thanks to my conversation with the two of them, I felt that the distance between
us has shortened for a little bit.

When we returned to that room earlier after briefly strolling around the
mansion, Lilia-san greeted us with a gentle smile on her face. It's a smile that
really shows her elegance and the sweetness of a noble... Let's just pretend we
didn't see something lying around in the corner of the room like a worn-out rag.

As soon as the three of us were seated, Lilia-san nodded once and spoke.

[Today, as I'm sure everyone's probably wondering about... It's about magic.]

[Ohhh...]

As expected, I could feel my tension rising at those words. I mean, even though
I only spent half a day in this mansion, I saw items with a magic-like feel
everywhere, and I actually used some of them. The jewels in the bathroom that
began showering with a touch, and the lights floating in the hallways. The
worn-out rag—Lunamaria-san's explained that all we have to do is touch it, but
I'm pretty sure those things were related to magic.

Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san seem like they're also interested in the typical
quality of the other world, magic, as they looked at Lilia-san with an expectant
look in their eyes.

[I think the first thing everyone is concerned about is whether everyone can use
magic as well or not. When it comes to the magic power that was the source of
magic, otherworlders also have it without exception. Therefore, everyone should
be able to use magic. However, being able to wield magic depends on a person's
talent... I can't say for sure that one can use it at a glance.]

As soon as she said that, Lunamaria-san, who had been revived before I knew it,
placed a book in front of us one by one. Ah, I just saw a glimpse filled with
resentment just now. Well, what happened to her certainly is my fault...

[I've heard that the Heroes that were usually summoned were able to understand
the language of our world. It seems that all of you were able to understand what
we're saying, so I'm sure there should be any problem, but let's check it out
just in case.]

This is a staple among staples, but this is very important for us to verify. I
had a bad grade in English, and without the Language Comprehension ability, the
whole year might quickly pass by just memorizing the letters of this world.

Having such thoughts in mind, I looked at the book in my hand and understood
that it was called “Introduction to Magic”. Oh, I can read it properly.

[...There doesn't seem to be any problem. Now then, as for the actual magic
exercise... To be honest, it's quite difficult to do so, and although it varies
greatly from person to person, it does require a certain amount of time to
learn.]

[There aren't many people who can use magic to the extent that they can make a
living in the profession of being a mage.]

I immediately understood the meaning of Lilia-san's explanation and
Lunamaria-san's additional words. I'm flipping through the book while listening
to what she's saying, but it would certainly be difficult if it's according to
the theory written here.

[This is going to be difficult.]

[Ueehhh, I give up too.]

Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san seemed to feel the same way and looked at the
introductory book with a difficult expression on their faces. This would
certainly be difficult to do for today or tomorrow. Heck, I think it's even
impossible to do.

[Fufufu, it took me three months to be able to cast a simple spell as well.]

[My Lady is considered fast among your group. The average would have been about
a year.]

[...That's going to be difficult.]

To be honest, I'm a bit... no, I'm quite shocked. It's not that I want to use
magic to fight monsters, but I've always wanted to use it.

[...However, that's only the case of “casting magic without the assistance of
magic tools”.]

[ [ [ Eh? ] ] ]

[After the Treaty of Friendship, the most innovative technology that was passed
down from the magical world was the technology for storing magic formulas into
the so-called “magic tools”. There's a gemstone that can store magic and magic
formulas called magic crystals and by storing magic formulas there beforehand,
anyone can use the magic stored in it just by touching it.]

[By any chance... Is that blue jewel in the bathroom something like that?]

[Yes, that's right. There's that thing in your world, right—I think it was
called “bateri”? In the same way, if magic power is stored in the magic crystal
beforehand, the user can use the stored magic with only a small amount of magic
power for activation. Nowadays, the use of these magic crystals have become
mainstream and the technicians who can make these tools are even called mages.]

[Just additional information, one would need to get permission to use powerful
offensive magic tools and it should be obvious that it's forbidden to use them
in the city. Well, there's a restriction for the purchase of such items in the
first place.]

Fumu, in short, maybe it's better to think of the magic tools as something like
a flashlight or a lighter from our world. In fact, we could use it in the
bathroom or in our room just by touching it, and we don't need to study any
difficult theories.

[Therefore, you could even go as far as to say that... Unless you want to be a
mage, you don't need to study magic... As I said earlier, the speed with which
one learns magic varies greatly from person to person, it would be convenient if
you're able to activate it yourself, and it might be good to study it for some
time.]

While saying this, some kind of magic circle floated on Lilia-san's hand, and a
gentle breeze blew in the room.

[There are 8 types of magic: fire, water, wind, earth, lightning, light, dark
and non-attribute magic. Each attribute of magic has its own strengths and
weaknesses. Incidentally, my strongest attribute is wind while Luna's strongest
attribute is water.]

[It's kind of impressive to see it in person.]

While Yuzuki-san looked impressed at the magic that Lilia-san demonstrated to us
for a bit, what came to my mind was something that looked like the magic that
Kuro had used. I'm sure that all-purpose coat she used is probably related to
magic, but what kind of attributes does it have? As expected, when it comes to
Demons, it would probably be a dark attribute, right? Her coat was black... but
were the tatami mats that she rolled out green? I'll ask her next time.

[I'll be giving all of you those books and you can read them when you have the
time.]

Then, after some pause, we were dismissed after an hour of theoretical
explanations about magic.

The second day in the other world passed without incident, and at night, I was
reading the introductory book on magic given to me in my room, but I can
honestly say that it only looked gibberish for me.

Each of the magic attributes have their own theory, and the basis of their
techniques are complex and difficult to understand. It is said that if people in
this world want to learn magic, they would go to a magic school to learn it. In
fact, Lilia-san said she learned it in the Knight Corps and Lunamaria-san said
she learned it at a magic school. That's how difficult it is to learn on your
own, and it seems that the presence of an expert instructor is important.

Lilia-san said she would arrange for an instructor if we were interested, but I
felt awkward about receiving that much assistance from her, so I refused.

And in a way, I'd say it's exactly as I imagined. Magic is something that the
demons are far more skilled at than humans. I've heard that most demons can use
some kind of magic depending on their strength but most of the Demons seemed
like they're able to intuitively use magic. I've heard that a demon has to be at
a level of at least a high-ranking demon who has a very high level of knowledge
to be able to instruct others and that's why demon instructors are almost
non-existent.

A demon of that level can activate magic even without any chanting or a magic
circle... Wait a sec? Haven't I seen someone do something like that? I mean,
didn't Kuro do that? In that case, I can ask Kuro... No, I don't even know when
she'll show up and—

[I felt like I'm being summoned!]

[Pfft?!]

Just as I was thinking about her, a young demon girl—gallantly appeared and
trespassed into my room. With her black coat fluttering behind her back, I could
see her white legs through the gaps in her coat. Her coat was so big that I
couldn't see it until now, but she was wearing half-pants underneath huh... No,
that's not it! Hueeehh?! Why did you appear just when I'm thinking of you?! As I
thought, you're an esper, right?!

[It's another good night, isn't it~?]

[...Ah, yeah... not that, since when are you here?!]

[Now now, don't mind the trivial details. Here, baby castella. I put jam in it
today!]

Isn't that a mini jam bread, not a baby castella anymore? What's the point of
making it in the shape of a baby castella?

Putting the baby castella in my mouth she offered to me as if it's natural, Kuro
spontaneously sat down on a chair she took out of nowhere and placed a cup of
coffee on the table.

Kuro has the same innocent smile she had yesterday, but I'm not sure if I'm so
used to it that I don't even have the energy to tsukkomi and just drank the
coffee she offered. Then, I suddenly remembered something.

[Arehh? Come to think of it... I thought Demons don't eat anything other than
what's designated for them today?]

[That's right. But it's alright since these are designated for me.]

[I-Is that so.]

Remembering what I'd heard this morning about how the demons spend their New
Year, I asked her but it seems that the baby castella and coffee were designated
for her. Who the heck among the Six Kings would designate baby castella and
coffee? No, maybe it's popular in the Demon Realm, the combination of these two.

Thereupon, Kuro notices the book I have in hand and exaggeratedly tilted her
head as she spoke.

[Unnn? What's that book about?]

[Ah, it's Introduction to Magic.]

[Heeehhh\~\\~ You're trying to learn magic huh. Ah, is that why you wanted to
meet me?]

[Well, something like that? I've been reading a bit, but there seems to be eight
different types of magic and I don't know which one to start with...]

[8 types? Aren't there only “two” types of magic?]

[...Huh?]

I was going to tell her how I'm troubled with the different kinds of theories
from each of the different attributes of magic, but I stiffened at the words
that Kuro replied as if it was very obvious.

Only two types? It's supposed to be seven with fire, water, wind, earth,
lightning, light and dark, plus the eighth type being non-attributed...

[There are only two types?]

[Unnn, that's right. There are only two types of magic: “Non-Transmutation
Magic”, which uses magic power as it is, and “Transmutation Magic”, which
changes the magic power into something else like fire or water.]

[...Errr... Kuro, there's something I'd like to ask... How long does it usually
take for a person to be able to invoke simple magic?]

[Hmmm. It will vary depending on your qualities, but it can be “as early as a
day or as long as a month”?]

[...Huh?]

In regards to the magic representing the different world, what Lilia-san had
said and what Kuro just said doesn't mesh with each other. Lilia-san said that
magic was difficult to learn and would take as early as a month to learn. On the
other hand, Kuro said it could be learned in just a few days. It doesn't seem
like either of them were lying but...

[Kaito-kun, do you mind if I look through that book for a minute?]

[Eh? Yeah.]

I'm not sure if Kuro had similar doubts, but she wanted to see the introductory
book I had. I don't have any particular reason to refuse, so I handed her the
book, and Kuro flipped through it.

[Ah, I see\~ This is how we used to teach the Humans magic... With this method,
it would definitely take some time to learn magic.]

[Does that mean that the method that the Humans are using to study magic is
wrong?]

[Unnn? No, I think it's very well done. It's just that this is the method to
raise someone into a “mage who can make magic tools” or something like that?
It's like, you also have to study the theories accompanied with magic, so I
think you'd surely take a long time to learn with that~]

[Unnn? Wait, I don't understand what you mean by that...]

Kuro seems to be convinced of something, but I honestly didn't understand.
Thereupon, Kuro closes the book and gives me a charming smile before explaining.

[If all you have to do is invoke magic, all you have to do is understand the
feeling of moving magic power... For example—]

[Whoa... The book is floating.]

[Unnn. I just used magic to make it float, but for this level of magic,
regardless of whether you're a Human or a Demon, if you can make your magic
power move, you can do it just by imagining it. But if you want to make a magic
tool that can do the same thing, it would get a little more complicated.]

[Fumu fumu.]

[A magic tool is a magic formula that's written on the magic crystal, so if you
try to do the same thing... You need to know the method to specify a target, the
method to levitate the target, the method to adjust height, and the method to
switch between activation and deactivation—I guess it will look something like
this?]

With Kuro's explanation, many lines of glowing letters appeared in the air and
formed into a magic circle. Seeing that happen, it somehow looks magical.

[That's the difference between using magic based on intuition and using magic
based on theories. Look, even Kaito-kun thinks that moving your hands is easy,
right? However, don't you think it would be hard to write down those principles
into a theory?]

[...I see, it's certainly as you say...]

[For us Demons, being able to use basic magic is normal, and someone would only
feel like studying it when you want to become a magic tool creator, or use more
complicated and powerful magic... I'm guessing that for the Humans, they felt
that a child who could use magic should be equal to someone who can make magic
tools. And that's why they're making you study the theories accompanied with
magic\~\\~ That seriousness really is like the Humans.]

I see, Kuro's explanation is easy to understand. I think it's also clear that
humans have a complicated way of thinking.

In that case, I guess it's not a question of which is the right answer as it's a
cultural difference. As Lilia-san said earlier, for the human race, being able
to use magic would be a professional in their profession for a human. But for
the demons, it's already a given that they can use magic and only those
researcher types who study it in depth feel like professionals.

[Well, studying this isn't a waste of time. You will need a solid theoretical
knowledge if you want to use higher-level magic. You're also part of the Humans,
the people who are good at making detailed theories and by memorizing this, I
think you'll be able to make magic tools~]

[Hmmm. However, there's a part of me that can't wait to try my hand at magic.]

I know that the theory is important, but I'm in a different world and I have a
strong desire to use magic. Unless I'm thinking of making a magic tool, when I
heard that I would be able to use simple magic in just a short time, I can't
help but be inclined towards it.

As I was thinking about this, Kuro suggested with a smile on his face.

[Then, do you want me to teach you?]

[Eh?]

[You can just study the theoretical stuff from stuff like that book while I
teach you about the intuitive stuff. Even though I may not seem like it, I think
I can use magic quite well.]

[...Is that alright?]

To be honest, that's a very appreciated offer, but there's a part of me that
feels fearful at the same time. Kuro is probably... no, I'm pretty sure that
Kuro is someone who knows a great deal about magic. Or at least, she's one of
the most outstanding among the people I know in this other world. Taking various
things out of her coat, she could create something like that magic tool that
searches for people you're thinking about, even soaring in the sky, she seems
like she's at a level where there's nothing she can't do.

[It's alright\~ I like Kaito-kun, so if there's something I can teach you, I'll
teach you.]

[T-Thank you.]

A smile that's filled with straightforward good will, without hiding anything. I
don't know what it is about me that made her like me so much, but she's treating
me really well. Of course, I felt like I'm being pushed around most of the time,
but there's a part of me that feels strangely at ease while talking with Kuro.

Well, how should I say this, I'm also a guy... Although her actual age is much
older than her looks, I still get embarrassed when a lovely beauty directs such
a straightforward good will to me.

But at the same time, I began to question myself. As I question myself if I'm
actually a lolicon, a strange fear emerged. N-No, that's not it! I'm not a
lolicon, you know?! I'm just confused because I've always been alone and never
experienced having someone emotionally attached like this to me before!!

Kuro, unaware of my emotional turmoil, begins to instruct me with the usual
smile on her face.

[Now then, the first step would be the basics of the basics. It's how to handle
magic power. Do you know what magic power feels like, Kaito-kun?]

[No, I don't know.]

[Unn, well, you've lived in a world that has never had anything to do with magic
before, so it's not strange. Then, here—]

[?!]

With her exclamation, Kuro spun her finger in front of me. My body suddenly got
enveloped in a faint light and I felt a gentle warmth around my body.

[I wrapped Kaito-kun's body with my magic power that I made visible but... How
does it feel?]

[Hmmm. It feels like soaking in lukewarm water... It feels warm?]

[Unnn. That feeling is important. That's the basic state of using magic. Today,
let's just feel around it a little and try to remember exactly what magic power
feels like!]

---

Let's go back in time for a bit, to a certain building in the Demon Realm.

While Kuromueina leisurely watched the Demons celebrating the New Year, a Demon
wearing a ceremonial mask made of bones and feathers approached her.

[Kuromu-sama, you have received an invitation from the Symphonia Kingdom.]

[Unnn? Invitation... for what?]

Throwing a baby castella into her mouth, Kuromueina looked back with a heartfelt
curiosity.

[It seems to be an invitation for a party celebrating the New Year. Perhaps, it
also serves as an introduction to the person who plays the role of Hero this
year...]

[New Year? ...Why did they just send it to me this year? When was the last time
I went out again?]

[No, I don't think that's it. It's probably because Kuromu-sama visited the King
not long ago?]

Kuromueina is a Demon, and so, she basically spends her New Year in the same
format as the Demon Realm. As a result, she has never participated in any of the
parties that the Humans hold on the fourth day of the New Year in various
countries, and even the Human Realm understand that they have never sent an
invitation.

However, this year, they have unusually sent an invitation, and the masked demon
said that the reason was probably due to her visit to the castle the other day
at the request of the King of Symphonia.

[...I only went there because I happened to be in the neighborhood\~\~]

[Ah, by the way, you went to buy some jam, didn't you? Did you get a good one?]

[Unn, it's very sweet and goes well with baby castellas.]

[Hohou... That's good to hear.]

Hearing the happiness from Kuromueina's words, the masked demon repeatedly
nodded as if he himself was pleased.

[...And so, how should we reply?]

[I'm not interested, so tell them I'm not going\~\~]

[Hahaha, I should have known.]

Thereupon, sending just a glance at the extravagant invitation stamped with the
seal of the King of Symphonia that they sent once again, Kuromueina simply
stated that she isn't interested. It seems that the masked demon knew that this
would be her reply that he just nodded without any questions asked.

[However, just in case, couldn't you see the person acting the role of the hero
this year?]

[I don't think I'd be interested in the one acting the role of the hero this
year\~\\~ I've also found my “favorite” child...]

[Oya oya, my my... It seems that Kuromu-sama's extremely lucky to have found
this person.]

[Yeah, that's right! It has truly been a long time! I felt that spark just at
first sight\~\\~ I feel like it's fate!]

The expression of disinterest on her face just now has changed, Kuromueina now
have a big smile on her face. As if he likes the person in front of him so much,
The masked demon happily looked at Kuromueina, who's clearly in a good mood.

[Well then, I'll reply that Kuromu-sama isn't attending.]

[Unnn, unnn. I'm just really engrossed with this child right now, so I'm not
interested in anything else.]

[As Kuromu-sama wishes...]

[Ah, also... Can you write a letter to “Shiro”?]

[To “Shallow Vernal”-sama, is it? Understood. What would you like me to write?]

Hearing the name that Kuromueina had mentioned, the masked demon looked a little
surprised. There was only one person that Kuromueina would call by that
nickname. She's such an existence that she especially calls with a nickname, but
for the masked demon, she's at least an existence higher than the clouds.

[Just keep it simple\~\\~ If it's Shiro, I think she'd understand even if you
just say “Please give Kaito-kun your blessings\~\~”.]

[...Understood.]

The masked demon nodded his head, but he's inwardly surprised at the contents of
what Kuromueina just said.

At the same time, Kuromueina, who was lying on a luxurious sofa, vigorously
sprung up.

[Hah?! I feel like Kaito-kun is calling me! I'm going out for a bit\~\~]

[Eh? Ah, yes. Have a good day...]

Quickly saying her goodbyes, Kuromueina was engulfed in a deep-black glow and
disappeared, leaving the masked demon who's somewhat confused in that place.

A little while later, a knight wearing jet-black armor approaches the masked
demon.

[Oya? Where's Kuromu-sama?]

[Oh, “Neun”-dono... I was told that she felt that the Kaito-kun fellow was
calling her...]

[Kaito-kun? Ah, the otherworlder who has become Kuromu-sama's favorite.]

Hearing the words of the dumbfounded masked demon, the knight in jet-black armor
called Neun nodded in understanding.

[Good gracious, she really seems to like him... She's even requesting for
Shallow Vernal-sama's blessings...]

[Shallow Vernal-sama's blessings?! That's another terrific person for her to ask
for requests. I don't know if I should say that it's to be expected from
Kuromu-sama...]

[It would also become extremely difficult for the otherworlder...]

[...Well, as soon as Kuromu-sama likes you have also decided your fate of being
pushed around by her... That's “also what happened to me”, after all...]

Unbeknownst to the person himself, his outer moat is already being tremendously
filled up, while the masked demon and Neun could let out a sigh of sympathy for
the favored human... He will be pushed around by their “King” who has been
wearing the words “unrestrained freedom”, and they could only imagine what his
future may be...

---

A few days have passed since I was summoned to another world. I gradually got
used to living in Lilia-san's mansion, and it's not just me, but that also goes
for Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san. I'm starting to see a smile on their faces as
well.

Of course, there are still many things I don't understand about this world, but
thanks to Lilia-san's good will, I think I've had enough time to organize my
head over the last few days. Well, as for Kuro who's showing up every night,
she's still a mystery to me, but she doesn't seem like she intends to do me any
harm. In fact, I can even say that I felt more comfortable talking with her
compared to Lilia-san.

Well, it's common for the Humans to spend three days at home in the New Year to
begin with, and since I didn't go out, except for this irrational little demon
girl, there doesn't seem to be any incident that happened, so it was very
peaceful... Well, though I say that, there's a saying in my beloved hometown
that tells about “the calm before the storm”...

[...An invitation?]

It was early in the afternoon, on the fourth day we're in here, while we were
chatting leisurely over tea and cookies, Lunamaria-san appeared with a grandeur
envelope and told us that this is an invitation to a party to be held tomorrow.

[Yes, it's for the night party to be held on the fourth day of the New Year at
the royal palace. Since this is the year of the Hero Festival, it will also be a
magnificent event where they will introduce the person who plays the role of the
Hero. Normally, these invitations should have arrived sooner, but we arranged
for everyone's invitation as well this time, so it took a little longer.]

[Eh? Us too?]

Hearing the words that Lilia-san said with the calm smile she usually had,
Kusunoki-san looked surprised as she asked back. Well, I understand how she
felt. It's impossible not to be surprised when you suddenly hear about an
evening party at the royal palace.

[Yes, since Mitsunaga-sama will be visiting a number of countries after this, I
thought he might want to see Aoi-san and Hina-san in particular.]

[Ah, I see, Seigi plays the role of the Hero after all, so he'll be introduced
to the various cities of each country. I wonder if he'll be alright?]

According to what they told me, the sophomore Kusunoki-san and the freshmen
Yuzuki-san and Mitsunaga-kun are clubmates. Kuh, as I thought, club activities
really are the shortcut to being a normie, I should have done club activities in
high school instead of just playing online games. No, I didn't join any circle
in college in the end, so maybe it doesn't really have any connection whether I
played online games at that time or not.

Well, setting aside the story of my lonely life... This would certainly be a
good time to have a leisurely conversation with Mitsunaga-kun, who will be
traveling from one place to another. The two of them were worried about him, and
the trusty Lilia-san followed up on that as well.

As I was thinking about that, Lilia-san took out a letter from a large envelope
that seemed to be of a very good quality and looked it over—she still had the
smile on her face, but I could see a vein pop out of her forehead.

[...Luna, are these all the letters from the royal palace?]

[...Y-Yes.]

[...I think my eyes may have gone bad. Would you mind reading it for a bit?]

I wonder what's going on, Lilia-san is smiling, but her eyes aren't smiling at
all. Or rather, she looks terribly scary.

[Well then, please excuse me—I'll spare everyone the early parts of the letter
as it's just a regular opening sentence. Err... “In addition, invitations for he
who plays the role of the hero, Mitsunaga Seigi-sama's fellow countrymen,
Kusunoki Aoi-sama and Yuzuki Hina-sama are enclosed together with this
invitation.”... Eh?]

[...Hmm?]

Arehh? That's weird... Because if I heard correctly, I don't think I heard my
name included in the sentence that Lunamaria-san just read out loud...

[...Luna. I'm sure I've contacted the royal palace to prepare an invitation for
“three people”, haven't I?]

[Y-Yes, there's no mistaking it.]

[...What do you think of this?]

[...His Majesty, the King's bad habit appeared again...]

[...Is it possible to rearrange it now?]

[...I-I think it would be difficult...]

Hearing Lilia-san's words in an indifferent voice that sounds as if she's
suppressing her emotions, Lunamaria-san replied as cold sweat dripped down
behind her back.

If I'm not mistaken, His Majesty, the King is Lilia-san's older brother and is a
person Lunamaria-san said to have a severe case of being a sis-con, I think?
That King's bad habit... Ah, I see.

After some very heavy silence, Lilia-san stands up from her seat and after a few
seconds, she comes back “with a sword in one hand” and bows deeply to me.

[My apologies, Kaito-san. It seems that due to an error on our part, we weren't
able to prepare an invitation for Kaito-san...]

[Ah, no, that's totally fine. I'm not really that acquainted with Mitsunaga-kun
before, and I don't have anything in particular to talk about.]

[I'm really sorry. I'll have to keep you waiting at home here in the mansion,
but instead of that—I'll be back with a stupid “king's head” as a souvenir.]

[...Huh?]

[Milady, Milady... Your eyes are glaring, you know?]

[...That stupid Older Brother really is... trying to reach the end of my
patience...]

[Milady, please calm down! In case you forgot, that is still the king! He may be
stupid when it comes to Milady, but aside from that, he's one of the competent
ones!]

[Let go of me, Luna! As his relative, I'll be the one who'll make sure that that
idiot's misbehaviour will be punished accordingly!!!]

[That's fine, but please put away the sword for now!]

Ahh\~\\~ I guess that's what happened. Lilia-san was supposed to have arranged
for the three of us to go to the evening party, but the Siscon King, who doesn't
like men approaching Lilia-san in the first place, only prepared invitations for
Kusunoki-san and Yuzuki-san, but not for me. In the first place, he probably
doesn't like the fact that I, being a man, am living in Lilia-san's mansion.
That's probably the part that Lilia-san didn't let her mess with.

And Lilia-san, who has been bothered by that siscon's behaviour for a long time
now, finally lost it... Yep. She's super scary. I've never seen Lilia-san so
angry before, or rather, what the heck have you done in the past, Your Majesty,
the King...?

After that, the composition of Lilia-san who was about to pull out her sword and
Lunamaria-san who was desperately calming her down continued for a while, and it
wasn't until about half an hour later that Lilia-san calmed down.

I finished bathing and headed to my room. I feel like I'm tired for the day. As
far as I'm concerned, I don't have any problem with not being able to attend the
evening party. Rather, I'm even glad that I didn't have to attend such an
ostentatious occasion... Lilia-san is trying to treat all of us equally, but it
doesn't seem like it's something that would be easily assented to. She
apologized to me over and over again, and I had a really hard time calming her
down.

Maybe it's because she's a very serious person to begin with? That part of
Lilia-san doesn't seem very noble-like, but it's nice to know that she's
thinking about us seriously. I'm really lucky and grateful that the first person
I met when I came to the other world was Lilia-san. If possible, I'd like to
repay her in some way...

[Ah, welcome back\~\~]

[...]

Opening the door to my room, I found Kuro sprawled out on the couch, eating a
baby castella. She finally didn't just show up out of nowhere, she was waiting
for me here ahead of time. I'll say this again because it's important, but Kuro
is a stranger in this house... I'm not talking about it anymore.

Humans are creatures that adapt. I guess I've gotten used to Kuro's
unpredictability to some extent, and after letting out a big sigh, I took the
teacup she offered me and brought a baby castella to my mouth.

[Unn? You look like you're a little tired today, huh?]

[Yeah, well, it's not really a big deal but...]

Just as perceptive as ever, Kuro pointed it out and I gave her a rundown of what
happened today. Occasionally replying with “Unnn”, Kuro listened quietly to the
end of my story.

[Heehhh... Then, you can't go to the party because of that king, Kaito-kun?]

[Well, I guess that's kind of a rough way to put it?]

[Alright! Then, I'm going to the palace now and bring the “half dead King” here
and have him write you an invitation~]

[Why?! No no, nothing's “alright” there, you know?!]

I hurriedly stopped Kuro, who said something as if it's natural, just like what
Lilia-san did this morning. Honestly, most of what Lilia-san said was pretty
disturbing, but it felt different when it's Kuro who said that... I felt like
she would really do it. I mean, she's breaking into the Duchess's house without
anyone noticing, and although she doesn't look like it, she seems to be a very
high-ranking demon...

But seriously, please don't kidnap nor beat down the King until he's half dead.
Doesn't that make me look like a national rebel?!

[Unnn? I thought you wanted to go to the party, Kaito-kun?]

[No, it's not that I want to go... Rather than that, I think I'd like to pass on
the trouble of attending a stiff event like that. I'm a bit interested in the
fancy foods they have but...]

[Hmmm. I was thinking about joining if you're going to be there, Kaito-kun...
but I guess I'll just skip it. Ah, yeah, I have an idea!]

[...What the heck are you up to now?]

She was murmuring something, but maybe Kuro was invited too? No, well, putting
that aside for now... It's more important to know what kind of outrageous thing
she have come up with this time.

[Then, let's eat barbecue tomorrow!]

[...Huh?]

[You see, since you didn't like those stiff events, let's do it with just us and
my family\~\\~ There's a nice scenic spot south of the kingdom, so let's have
barbecue there!]

[...Fumu.]

Even though she'd usually make crazy suggestion, I feel like this one isn't too
bad. Or rather, it's a much more intriguing invitation than the evening party in
the royal palace. All of the meals that are served at Lilia-san's house are
fancy-looking meals, and I'm thinking that I'd like to eat some skewered food or
something like that, and I think that if I'm with Kuro, it would probably be
exhausting, but I know it will be fun. However, there's an important problem
with that.

[That sounds like fun... But if I don't explain to Lilia-san about Kuro and I
just suddenly say that “I'm going to have dinner outside”, I don't think I could
get Lilia-san to agree.]

That's right, I get the feeling that Kuro wouldn't like that... I mean, she only
shows up when I'm alone, and she has always been infiltrating by slipping
through the detection barriers, so I didn't tell Lilia-san about Kuro's visits.
But if I was invited to barbecue, which would mean I'm not going out alone, as
expected, it would be difficult for me to go without explaining to her.

Lilia-san is really anxious about our circumstances, and I don't want to sneak
out because I'm feeling guilty, hiding Kuro from her.

[Ah, it will be alright\~\\~ I'll go ask an acquaintance to extend a normal
dinner invitation to you.]

[Would Lilia-san agree to that?]

[She'd probably agree, I think? She's a child who's trusted by humans after
all.]

[Hmmm... Well, as far as I'm concerned, if Lilia-san were to agree to that, I'd
like to go...]

[Really?! Hooray! Then, I'll go tell everyone, okay?!]

[Eh? Ah, wait?!]

Hearing my response, Kuro had a big smile on her face as she disappeared. Hmmm,
I can't really say no to her when she's that happy, and I don't exactly feel bad
agreeing with her... but how should I say this? I felt some anxiety when Kuro
mentioned “her friends” and “everyone”... I guess for the time being, I'll just
go with the flow.

And just as we finished breakfast the next day, Lunamaria-san ran into the
dining room with varying expressions on her face.

[M-Mi—Milady?!]

[For you to be that flustered, what happened?]

[A-A-An invitation letter from “Seditch Magic Tool Trading Company” arrived,
“signed by the Chairman” and addressed to Miyama-sama!]

[...Huh?]

After hearing the words that Lunamaria-san told her, Lilia-san's eyes opened
wide and she stiffened. Seditch Magic Tool Trading Company? What's that?

[...A-Are you sure... that it's not some kind of prank?]

[...It's in an envelope made of black magic parchment and sealed with a Platinum
Dragon's beard.]

[...]

Ah, Lilia-san completely froze.

[U-Ummm, excuse me. I'm not really following the conversation... but what's the
Seditch Magic Tool Trading Company?]

[...It's the largest trading company that deals with magic tools, and it's a
large trading company with financial resources that far exceed those of the
major powers. They're in a different league compared to the other trading
companies. It was even said that half of the magic tools in the world are
products made by the Seditch Magic Tool Trading Company.]

When I asked that question, Lunamaria-san fearfully replied. Let's see, in
short, they're a huge company who prides themselves as the one who holds the
world's largest market shares in magic tools? Eh? The heck, what does that mean?

Lilia-san glanced at the astonished me, while I made a gesture that told her to
go ahead and check it out. Thereupon, LIlia-san took the envelope from
Lunamaria-san with her trembling hands, and after a moment, she held the
envelope with both of her hands in front of her head.

[...There's no mistake, it's the real deal. Signed by Chairman Sei Riverstar and
stamped in gold...]

[...Even just this invitation alone costs more than a house in the best district
in the royal capital...]

[...Errr, what does it say?]

I knew that I had received something outrageous from some outrageous person, but
I had no idea why I was in this situation.

When I asked her a bit flustered, Lilia-san looked down at the invitation again
and reads it.

[...”Dear Miyama Kaito-sama. I would like to apologize in advance for the
unexpected invitation. At the same time, I hope you forgive me for omitting the
greeting and for my rudeness in writing down the main topic. Tonight, we are
pleased to hold a small dinner party at our company. It is with great pleasure
that I am writing to ask Miyama Kaito-sama to join us, if it's convenient for
you. I will have the person who will pick you up this evening to visit Duchess
Albert's residence and I would appreciate it if you would let me know at that
time if you will not participate. In addition, I have a message for Miyama
Kaito-sama from a friend of mine, and I will include it in the letter—Kaito-kun,
I'll be waiting, okay\~\~?—is what she said. Again, my apologies for the delay
in getting in touch with you. I would appreciate your consideration.—Sei
Riverstar”...]

[...]

As I thought, it's that little demon girl who did this?! What the heck are you
doing?! Seriously, what the heck are you doing?! You said that you're just
asking an acquaintance to send an invitation... I got an invitation from an
outrageous place though?! Heck, both Lilia-san and Lunamaria-san are frozen in
place, staring at me! How the heck should I explain this to them?!

I did lightheartedly tell her that “I want to go”, but I never dreamed that it
would become this big of a deal.

I was expecting that I would be pursued for answers, but Lilia-san easily agreed
to let me join the dinner party. That's how absurd the person who sent me the
invitation is that, how should I say this... I think my stomach hurts for some
reason.

Either way, she originally arranged for me to attend an evening party, and
before I knew it, there were formal wear for me and dresses for Kusunoki-san and
Yuzuki-san too.

Dressed in the shiny formal wear that I've only seen in the movies back in my
previous world, I got a call that the people who were coming to pick me up had
arrived. After giving a quick hello to Lilia-san and the others, I headed to the
main gate.

When I reached the main gate, I immediately saw a huge carriage tied to four
black horses.

...What the heck are those? Those horses are really big... but it's also got
something that looks like a horn. Are those unicorns? Black unicorns?

[You must be Miyama Kaito-sama.]

[Ah, yes.]

At the front of the carriage is a man who looks like a noble's attendant, who
then deeply bows to me and asks. Slightly pressured by the aura around him, I
told him that I will be attending the dinner party. He then opened the carriage
door and I climbed into the carriage.

[...How spacious...]

From the outside, I knew it was a huge carriage, but when I walked in, it was
surprisingly spacious inside here that I actually felt like a celebrity. In
addition, there's no one else in here except me, so I didn't really know where
to sit.

I felt awkward sitting in the middle, so I sat down near the window and a man
handed me something that looked like a bag.

[The Chairman asked me to give you this.]

[Thank you very much.]

[No, we'll be leaving shortly, so please ask any questions you may have.]

[...Yes.]

I don't know what his name is, but he moved to the driver's seat of the carriage
and we began leaving shortly.

For the time being, I checked the bag I just received—as if it's something
common, a letter appeared in the air.

“Dear Kaito-kun,

We're having barbecue, so I brought some comfortable clothes for you to wear~
You won't be able to see the inside of the carriage from the outside, so you can
change your clothes there\~\~”

Ah, I see... It was called a dinner party, so I came out in formal wear, but I'm
pretty sure Kuro said we're having barbecue right from the start. In that case,
I'd rather wear casual wear than formal wear in such an event.

To be honest, I honestly thought I was invited to a place more extravagant and
dazzling than the royal palace, so I was a little bit relieved to change into
the clothes that were given to me. It looks like a very ordinary shirt and
trousers with a black color base, but I feel like it's very light and easy to
move around in, probably because I changed out of my formal wear.

Afterwards, while looking out from the carriage which hardly swayed for a while,
the carriage crossed a large gate and after about 20 minutes of driving, the
carriage stopped and the man opened the door for me.

[We have arrived. Please be careful on your steps.]

[Ah, yes.]

[The venue is just down the road at the river's edge. If you'd like, I can keep
your clothes here for you to change into later.]

[I'd like that.]

[Yes. Then, I'll pick you up again when you're ready to leave.]

Bowing deeply again, I thanked the man who was receiving my change of clothes
and looked in the direction he pointed at... The open area on the river's edge
where we would have barbecue was immediately in sight, so I made my way towards
there.

[Ah, Kaito-kuuuuun~. Over here\~\~!]

After walking for a bit, in front of me... was Kuro in her black coat she's
usually wearing, widely waving her hand at me.

A petite woman in a maid's uniform, about 150cm in height, standing next to
Kuro. She deeply bowed as I approached.

[Let's have lots of fun today\~\~]

[Y-Yeah... Or rather, you sent me an outrageous invitation... Thanks to that,
the people on my side have been really nervous.]

[Ahaha, sorry, sorry. But, it's alright. As I said yesterday, I'm only inviting
my family here today, so you can relax\~\~. Ah, let me introduce you. This child
here is Ein.]

[It's a pleasure to meet you, Miyama Kaito-sama. My name is Ein.]

Her platinum-colored hair is slightly longer where the sideburns should be,
while it's relatively shorter around other areas. A petite woman in a maid's
uniform that doesn't even have any wrinkles—Ein-san deeply bowed her head as she
greeted me.

I don't know how to say this... Should I say she has an unordinary aura around
her or she has a very relaxed atmosphere around her? She's supposed to be
looking like Lunamaria-san, who's the same maid as her, but there's something
different about Ein-san's vibe.

[Now then, since Kaito-kun's here... Ein\~\\~ Start preparing.]

[Understood.]

[Eh? Ehhhhhh?!]

When Kuro announced with a leisurely smile, Ein-san bowed... and immediately
afterwards, a wire mesh that seemed to be for barbecue, outdoor tables and
chairs, which were not there a moment ago, suddenly appeared in front of us.
What the heck's that? Is that magic?

I'm surprised at the scene as if I'm watching a magic trick, but Kuro doesn't
seem particularly concerned about it and just turned her bright smile towards
me.

[Since this was decided so suddenly, I've asked the other children to get some
ingredients for us... But I'm sure they'll be back soon, so I'll introduce you
to them.]

[Ah, yeah...]

Trying to calm the surprise in me, I nodded at Kuro's words—but I heard
footsteps getting louder with every step. When I turned around, I stiffened.

What the heck is that? My eyes must be playing tricks on me again... but some
kind of black, full-body armored knight walked towards me, carrying a winged
lizard that looked about 5 meters long... Is that a dragon? Is that a freaking
dragon?

[Kuromu-sama, would three flying dragons be enough?]

[Unnn. I think that should be enough\~\~]

[?!]

Three?! Did he just say three flying dragons? ...Ah, it's true. He's also
dragging two of them behind him, besides the one he's carrying. No, no?! Wait a
minute, my brain can't keep up with what's happening, you know?!

The sudden appearance of a fantasy-esque dragon, driving my brain to a complete
overload, brings my mind to a halt. And from another direction, I could see a
huge green blob—or rather, I could see a bundle of vegetables floating towards
us.

[Kuromu-sama\~ I brought the vegetables~.]

[Thanks\~\~]

[?!?!]

Looking in the direction of the childish voice I heard, I saw a girl about 50 cm
underneath the flying vegetables. Eh? A fairy?! A fairy appeared now?!

[Oiii. Kuromu-sama. I brought the fish.]

[Ah, nice timing.]

[?!?!?!?!]

The one that appeared this time is really big! A giant?! No no, wait a moment?!
I'm begging you, just wait a moment! My brain can't keep up at all!

[Are these all the condiments we would need?]

[Ah, that's right~]

[???!?!?!?!]

A full-length skeleton in a gorgeous outfit is flying in the air?! What the heck
is with this situation?! A young demon girl, a maid, a full-body armored knight,
a fairy, a giant and a skeleton?! That's a whole lot of fantasy-esque beings
gathering here, don't you think?!

How should I say this, I couldn't really say this was beyond what I had
expected... but the outrageous Demon's family really would be just as outrageous
as her. This barbecue had turned into an assortment of various races.

Well, I'm relieved that the condiments they have brought were those that I knew
like salt and pepper.

[Ein\~\\~ We have all the participants today, right?]

[Yes. Kuromu-sama said that Miyama-sama shouldn't be dwarfed by the presence of
the other participants, so I've limited the participants to 5 people.]

[Right. Well then, I'll leave the cooking to Ein\~\~]

[Understood.]

[Errr, then what we need is...]

A conversation between Kuro and the maid—Ein-san. If you were to just look at
the two of them, they would only be the normal ones in this place. Or rather,
the other members are just too scary! Especially the giants!

[Acht-kun, please change into your human form\~\~. You're scaring Kaitokun-san,
you know~?]

[Eh? Me? I think Lord Sechs is scarier to look at than me though...]

[It's because Acht-kun is too big~]

[No, but I'm like a child compared to “Magnawell”-sama, you know? I mean, rather
than me being too big, I have a feeling that Sister Raz is just too tiny...]

[...Are you trying to say something about me?]

[I-I'm sorry.]

Dressed in green clothing and flying on the small wings on her back, the fairy
with long pink blonde hair called out to the blue giant. The conversation
between the fairy, who's probably less than 50 cm tall and the blue giant, who's
probably 5 meters tall, makes me lose my sense of perspective just by watching
them.

I have lots of stuff to tsukkomi at, but fairy-san... My name isn't “Kaitokun”,
it's Kaito. And also, to think that there are also giants that are much bigger
than him... That this giant would look like a child compared to them...

While I'm thinking about that, the blue giant's body glowed and turned into a
muscular man with two horns and blue skin that stands out. He still looks big
though, being at least two meters tall...

[However, it's such a shame for those people who couldn't attend.]

[It can't be helped. It would be a tremendous number of people if we had
everyone who wanted to participate here...]

And just as the armored knight and the skeleton walked over while talking, Kuro
finished his conversation with Ein-san and came over here.

[Sorry to keep you waiting, Kaito-kun. Well then, let's leave the preparations
to Ein. Once again, this child is Miyama Kaito-kun. He's a friend of mine that I
recently found, a child from another world, so don't scare him too much~]

[Alrighty~!]

[Well then, let's start introducing ourselves one after another!]

At Kuro's words, the fairy cheerfully raised her hand and each of them started
introducing themselves.

[Then, if you have already introduced Ein-dono, I guess I'll go next? Nice to
meet you, Miyama-dono, my name is Sechs. Well, you could just think of me as
your neighborhood Lich.]

[N-Nice to meet you.]

The gorgeously dressed skeleton introduced himself with a graceful bow.
Neighborhood Lich? He kind of looks like a certain undead last boss from
somewhere though...

[By the way, the person who sent the invitation to Miyama-dono is my
subordinate, Sei Riverstar. I'm sorry to surprise you with the unexpected
invitation.

Apparently, this skeleton—Sechs-san is the boss of the Chairman of the largest
trading company who arranged my invitation this time. I could certainly have the
presence of someone who has accumulated a lot of experience, but just being
Kuro's close friend makes him not ordinary at all.

[Then, Raz is going to introduce herself next! My name is Razelia, please call
me Raz. Nice to meet you, Kaitokun-san!]

[E-Errr, nice to meet you.]

The pink blonde fairy—Raz-san cheerfully introduced herself. Probably because of
her tiny appearance, she's the soothing figure among this strong group of
members.

[Hmm, then, I'm next huh... I'm Acht, an Ogre. Well, I don't like being stiff
with people, so I'll call you Kaito, alright?]

[Ah, yes. Nice to meet you.]

[Yeah, well met.]

Even though he's in human form, he still looks like a giant—Acht-san has a
lively personality. He held out his hand to me with a fierce smile on his face,
in which I responded by shaking his hand. The heck, his hand is so hard?!

[Then, I guess I would be the last one... My name is Neun. I'm the youngest
among the people who gathered today. I'll be in your care from now on,
“Miyama-san”.]

[Same here.]

Dressed in a black knight armor all over his body—Neun-san's voice sounds a bit
strange. It's kind of weirdly high-pitched, like his voice is altered by a voice
changer, but it's very easy to listen to. It's hard to tell if he's a man or a
woman, partly because of his armor, but probably because he's about 160cm tall
that I could see him as a knight of the human race.

Anyway, with the self-introduction over, Kuro urged us to move to a table
prepared in the vicinity. Then, at the same time, I could smell a fragment aroma
and the sound of grilling meat, and when I moved my gaze to the table—

[Eh? How fast?! You've already started grilling?!]

Our introductions should have only passed for a few minutes, but before I knew
it, there were the three dragons, a large number of vegetables, and even the
fishes, all skewered on a variety of large and small skewers and grilling them
in the wire mesh.

No no, no matter how I look at it, isn't she too fast?! Are you some kind of
super being who has super acceleration?!

The number of barbecue skewers on the wire mesh is also outrageous. There were
dozens of skewers neatly lined up and the aroma wafting in the air was nothing
short of amazing.

[As expected of Elder Sister, she does her work really fast.]

[That's right. If Ein-san is here, there's nothing we can do to help with the
preparation of food.]

Acht-san and Neun-san spoke as if it's a matter of course. Apparently, Ein-san's
extraordinary work speed seems to be a daily occurrence for them.

I mean, looking closely, there's also something that looks like alcohol and
juice on the table before I knew it. There were also some small dishes for
people to share and eat. Maid-san is so amazing...

[Ah, come to think of it, can you drink alcohol, Kaito?]

[Ah, yes. I can't drink that much but...]

[Good. That's good. Then, let's go exchange drinks already!]

[Ah, that won't do, Acht-kun. We still haven't made a toast yet~]

[Don't be so stiff, Sister Raz. Men should always talk to each other first after
they've had a drink.]

[Ein-san will scold you if you sip your drink before Kuromu-sama.]

[...]

Raz-san tried to stop Acht-san who was vigorously laughing, but Acht-san didn't
seem bothered by her words and tried to reach out for an alcohol on the
table—but he stiffened when he heard what she said. His face that was seemingly
blue from the start, turned even bluer.

From the look of it, I can somehow see the power relationship between them, or
at least, it seems that Acht-san is afraid of Ein-san.

[...Umm, could it be that Ein-san is actually an earth-shattering person?]

[Y-Yeah... Or rather, you could even say that she's almost a mons—?!]

Acht-san was about to say something, but before I knew it, a cut appeared on his
cheek as if something slashed it with a small blade. Acht-san was trembling
where he stood as sweat began flowing down on his face like a waterfall—and with
movements too refined and no hesitation in them, he put his hands on the ground
and lowered his head.

[M-M-My apologieeeeesssss! Elder Sister!]

[...]

[Ein-san was Kuromu-sama's maid long before Raz and the others were born, and
she's the strongest of all of us gathered here today. Well, except for
Kuromu-sama.]

[I-Is that so.]

[It's alright, Miyama-san. As long as you don't make careless remarks like
Acht-sama, she's usually a gentle and kind person.]

Something unfolded right in front of my eyes—or so it seems? While Ein-san
advised, or rather, intimidated Acht-san, Raz-san explained and Neun-san
followed up with more explanation.

Apparently, the oldest and the strongest member of this group, with the
exception of Kuro, is the maid, Ein-san. She's a lot different from the maids
that I know of...

[Kaito-kun, would you like alcohol? Juice?]

[Ah, then, I'd have alcohol...]

[Here.]

[Whoa?!]

W-What the heck happened just now? I'm 21 years old now, one year younger than
Lilia-san and I'm not averse to drinking alcohol. And in response to Kuro's
question, I replied that I would drink alcohol since Acht-san invited me a while
ago. Things are normal so far.

The moment that I answered though, Ein-san was already there, holding out a
neatly poured cup of alcohol. She was supposed to be grilling meat a moment ago,
but I couldn't even hear when she suddenly appeared here... Did she just
teleport here? She's someone who can freaking teleport?!

And it wasn't just me, Kuro would obviously have her cup, but Sechs-san,
Raz-san, Acht-san and Neun-san, all of whom had cups in their hands at some
point that matched their respective body sizes.

[Ah, Kaito. I know it's unreasonable to say that you should be surprised since
you've seen it for the first time... but seriously, As long as Elder Sister Ein
is in charge, we won't be able to pour even a drop of alcohol for ourselves...
Well, you get used to it.]

[H-Huh...]

Maid-san is amazing... No, could I even call her a maid at this point?

[Then, everyone has their drinks, so let's get started! This time is to welcome
Kaito-kun's arrival from another world and of course, I may have talked to him
about various things too, but I'm glad that Kaito-kun and everyone else are
getting along with each other. Let's just relax and have fun\~\~!]

When Kuro speaks with the usual smile on her face, I felt my heart warm up a
bit. In fact, after coming here, I have the impression that everyone, including
Acht-san, has been welcoming me, and it's so easy to talk with them.

In Lilia-san's mansion, other than Lunamaria-san, I'm not sure “if I should deal
with them like other people” or should I treat them like “a guest does to
servants”. It's as if we're talking to each other very naturally, without taking
a step back in consideration for the other people. The fact that I can sense
that they're welcoming me without any malice nor curiosity for being an
otherworlders, but just as Kuro's friend. I guess that's exactly what Kuro
wanted when she planned for this barbecue.

Lifting my cup in time with Kuro's movements, I felt a natural smile come to my
face.

[Well then, cheers!]

[ [ [ [ [ [ Cheers ! ! ! ] ] ] ] ] ]

The “seven” cups clinking together along with the cheers of our voices—As if
it's obvious, Ein-san was also there as well huh?!

And then, I brought the slightly bitter beer-like alcohol to my mouth and when I
put the cup back down to the table, there's suddenly a freshly made barbecue on
the small dish in front of me... your timing is so perfect that it honestly
looked scary instead, you know?!

I picked up this seemingly normal skewer of meat and vegetables stabbed at equal
intervals and looked at Kuro, who nodded, before bringing the barbecue into my
mouth. And then, I remembered. Wasn't this dragon meat? I feel like a dragon
would taste like lizards—whoa, delicious!

As soon as I took a bite, the meat was so tender that the fibers came loose and
I could feel a large amount of umami gushing into my mouth. The taste is like
high quality beef, seasoned only with salt and pepper. The food is so exquisite
and I found myself devouring it.

Honestly, it's not just the meat that's the best thing I've ever eaten, the
colorful vegetables in between couldn't have been more exquisitely grilled and
they seemed to multiply the overall flavor of the dish many times over.

[As expected of Ein-dono... Excellent work.]

[That's right\~ It seems like all the vegetables are well grilled, enhancing the
flavors!]

Sechs is eating a fish skewer and Raz-san is holding a skewer with just
vegetables in his hand. They each have different sizes of skewers and I guess
that means they're tailored to their preferences? Acht-san has a skewer with a
large piece of meat stuck on it and Neun-san has the same orthodox one as me...
or rather, Neun-san, you're still in your full armor?! How the heck can you eat
with that thing on you?!

However, this barbecue was so delicious that I didn't have the time to think
about it. Or rather, I finished the skewer in the blink of an eye. What should I
have next... I'd like to try the fish skewers that Sechs-san is eating too.

[Here.]

[...T-Thank you very much... Errr, I don't think I've said anything yet though?]

And in front of me, a fish skewer is held out of me as if it was obvious that
this is what I wanted. Are you an esper? Ein-san, you're an esper too?!

[Knowing what a person wants is one of the bare minimum needed for a maid.]

[I-Is that so...]

This maid is amazing! She's out of this world!

As we ate the delicious barbecue, me feeling stunned by Ein-san's awesomeness,
Acht-san spoke to me while holding a huge cup in his hand.

[Oh, Kaito. Have you been drinking?]

[Yeah, this alcohol is tasty, isn't it?]

[Hahaha, drinking a tasty alcohol while looking at good scenery. I don't think
there's anything more luxurious than that!]

In response to Acht-san's words who told me so with a lively laugh, I nodded
without hesitation.

The setting sun shining on the gently flowing river, contrasting with the bright
green trees. This spectacular scenery, which can be described as the great
outdoors, provides a pleasant sense of freedom.

[However, you've got it rough yourself, don't you? I've heard some things from
Kuromu-sama, but you came from the same world as the person who holds the role
of the hero, right?]

[Yeah, well.]

[I'm not as smart as Lord Sechs, so I don't know what to think even if they said
you came from another world, but if you get sent to a random place without any
reason, it must have been rough, right?]

[There certainly are various things I'm surprised about.]

I guess Acht-san is acting like an older brother would, he talks to me over
alcohol as if he's worried about me.

Maybe it's because I haven't had many opportunities to talk to the same sex
since I came to this world, I shifted my gaze while feeling a bit solemn.

When I see these people of species I've never seen before on Earth feasting on
food... I realized once again that I've come to another world.

[...Well, I know what it's like to be surprised by all this. Neun over there
said earlier that she was the youngest person among this group, right? I'm also
one of the youngest people in this group right now, and I was surprised at the
beginning.]

[Is that so.]

[Even if I say that though, I've been alive for over a thousand years, so
wouldn't Kaito still look at me like an old man? Hahaha.]

As I look at Acht-san who is laughing and drinking again, a question comes to my
mind.

Come to think of it, the members here are, according to Kuro, her family... but
by the looks of it, they're races were all over the place, and she doesn't seem
to be their parent nor sibling. In fact, Sechs-san just said he's a Lich and
Acht-san said he was an ogre, so what the hell does this have to do with
anything?

[Come to think of it, Kuro introduced everyone as her family, but your race was
different, right? Was this normal in the Demon Realm?]

[Ah, no, it's not like it's normal. How should I say this... You know that there
are various races in the Demon Realm, right?]

[Yes.]

[There are some species like Humans who become parents and give birth to
children, but there are also some children who don't have parents, they who are
born from the gathering of magic power. It's basically like how Sister Raz and
I, people of the Fairy race and the Ogre race, are from races where we gather
together, while Kuromu-sama and Elder Sister Ein were stand alone races that are
mostly self-reliant. That's why it's so rare to see them.]

It's just as I imagined it would be, and I think I understand the gathering of
the same races. However, regarding Kuro's family, or to sum it up, these people
we are currently having barbecue with, it seems that something like this
gathering is rare even in the Demon Realm.

What does that mean? I have my doubts, but is that really an area that I, an
outsider, am allowed to step into?

As I was thinking about this, Acht-san seemed to have sensed what I'm thinking
and sat down on the ground instead of a chair, and spoke while looking at the
scenery with eyes that seemed to stare a little far away.

[...Well, as an accompaniment to the alcohol, why don't I tell you a few stupid
stories about the old days?]

[Yes.]

[As I said before, I'm an Ogre—a demon species with its own name. Except, in my
case, I'm what they call a “Special Individual”.]

[A Special Individual... is it?]

[Yeah, it's extremely rare that one like me is born. Ogres normally are green or
red-skinned demons with one horn, while I have a blue skin and two horns. And
that's why I'm called a Special Individual.]

Maybe it's a little different, but I guess they're like albinos or something
like that? Anyway, it seems that Acht-san looks different compared to a normal
Ogre.

[It might sound nice being called special... but in the end, being special also
means that you're different, and I received not only from the people around me,
but even from my own race. Sympathy, fear, contempt... All of it was very
annoying.]

[...]

[I'm more powerful than most Ogres, and I don't have the personality to
skillfully fit in with the others. It didn't take much time for me to isolate
myself from my own tribe and leave my village.]

Being special means you're different. I can understand that. It's the same for
humans... Of course, there are some people who are still able to fit in with
their surroundings, but Acht-san wasn't able to do it. As a result, he isolated
himself from his own tribe and chose to live alone.

[Then, I did a lot of stupid things when I got annoyed, I fought, rioted and
lived my life the way I wanted. I also found a partner just like me. That fellow
was a black wolf, but just like my case, she was born with silver hair, which
made her isolated from the other black wolves, just like me.]

[...]

[And so, we went on a rampage, drifting here and there as if to vent our anger.
Fortunately, the wolf and I were both among the strong ones, and well, those
days were certainly fun... but in the end, no matter where we went, it didn't
change the way we treated others. Well, I should have known, we just turned into
wounded beasts who bite on anyone we see, no matter who it is. It would be
natural that we would be disliked wherever we may be.]

Acht-san bitterly smiled, as if he's mocking himself at that time. The
expression on his face is somehow sad, as if to say why his old self didn't
notice something so obvious, but I can't see any emotion like regret on his
face.

[Everyone's always looking at us like we're trash. And then, we would lash out
in frustration, become isolated from others, lash out again towards them, I
ended up just repeating that stupidity again and again... and before I knew it,
I grew tired of it. I grew tired of the repeating, never-ending loop, so I
changed, and did something even more stupid. But I screwed up, my partner and I
fled for our lives to a ruin.]

[...]

[As my partner and I healed our battered bodies, I thought. In the end, what do
we really want to do? What did we really want to acquire? And... I found no
answer. The more I thought about it, the colder and heavier my heart became...
It was as if the heat was drained out of my body. Isn't that funny? In the end,
I may look large, but we still have the minds of childish brats... It took me
over a hundred years to realize that I was just throwing a tantrum about things
I didn't like and I'm just a total retard.]

I didn't know right away what to say. There was a wall in front of him called
“difference” from the day he was born, he tried to go around it, but going
through that route would only lead him to a dead end. It's easy to put it in
words. However, cheap words like that may not be able to express some of the
feelings that Acht-san and his partner had.

[...That's when I met Kuromu-sama. Honestly, it was the first time I felt that
since I was born. With one look, I felt like my instinct, not my head, were
being pressed down to yield in just an instant—I was ready to die at that time.
I will never win against her, the difference between us is so overwhelming that
I can't even be allowed to resist, nor am I allowed to speak. It's just, ah, so
this is where it ends. This high-level demon that appeared out of nowhere will
be the “death itself” to us...]

[...]

[In a way, I thought it was a fitting end to us who have been a bunch of idiots
for a long time. However, it didn't happen. Kuromu-sama looked at us and laid
out food that she took out of nowhere and said, “It must be something like fate
that we met here. Come, eat with me.” with a childish smile on her face.]

[...I don't know if I should say that's like Kuro... She is too astounding.]

[Hahaha, that really makes me laugh! I mean, why wouldn't I? Kuromu-sama is a
high-ranking demon that's far more powerful than us, you know? And yet, she
talks as if we're just her friends that she coincidentally met.]

I can't help but laugh when the scene of the bewildered Acht-san and his partner
after they saw Kuro's absurd actions came into my mind.

[...It was the first time I felt it in my life. No sympathy, contempt nor
hostility, just a pure smile and fond glances without any hidden intents...
Before I knew it, me and my partner were both crying as we ate. It felt
warm—it's like our cold heart is held tightly in her warm embrace, Kuromu-sama's
smile was warm.]

[...]

[And then, we naturally began to follow Kuromu-sama. She never looked down on us
and treated us as if we're equal. If something good happened to us, she was just
as happy as us. If someone made fun of us, she would get really mad for us. All
of which made me inexplicably happy.]

Acht-san, speaking in a really happy voice, shifted his gaze to Kuro, who was
talking to Ein-san.

[I don't know much about it, but I heard that the others were going through a
lot of stuff when they met Kuromu-sama. However, the one thing we had in common
with the others is that we're all charmed by Kuromu-sama.]

[...]

[My partner and I vowed our absolute loyalty to Kuromu-sama. If Kuromu-sama told
us to die, we'd gladly cut our own throats.]

Thereupon, Acht-san stops speaking and smiles after drinking his cup of alcohol
in one go.

[Kuromu-sama is a high-ranking demon with incredible power. However, she doesn't
look down on anyone else... Whether it's Elder Sister Ein, Lord Sechs, Sister
Raz, Neun, and of course, my partner and I, all of us think Kuromu-sama as our
one and only absolute master. However, Kuromu-sama has never called us
subordinates, attendants, members of her household, or anything like that. She's
calling us her “family” as if it's obvious. We've never been ordered to do
anything and all Kuromu asked us are just “entrust” or “request”... She's
treating us as equals from the bottom of her heart when we should have been
following her on our own. Even Elder Sister Ein acting as her maid is just
something she's doing on her own.]

It's true that Kuro called Acht-san and the others as her friends, and if I
recall correctly, she requested from her acquaintance to extend an invitation to
me, she entrusted Ein-san with the preparations, and requested the others to
bring ingredients. There certainly isn't anything like a command among them.

That's probably the best proof to Kuro that everyone is her family and there's
no hierarchy.

[The reason we're all here with Kuromu-sama is simple. It's because we truly
love her, who is more powerful than anyone else, yet kinder than anyone else...
Kuromu-sama's wish is our wish, and Kuromu-sama's smile is our best reward. And
since Kuromu-sama calls us her family, then we would be her family even if we're
of different races.]

[That's kind of nice. That kind of thing...]

[Oi oi, I've already told you, Kaito. Don't act like we're strangers, okay?]

[...Eh?]

[If you're Kuromu-sama's friend, then you're also our friend. So you don't have
to speak so stiffly, you can also call me Acht too.]

[...I see, unn. Alright. Acht.]

[Ohh, that's the spirit! Now, let's have another drink!]

When I saw Acht with a smile on his face that reminded me of Kuro, I finally
realized the true nature of the sense of security I had felt from Kuro.

Yes, Kuro sincerely thinks of me as her friend. It doesn't matter if I'm an
otherworlder or I'm in a peculiar situation, her smile tells me that the Miyama
Kaito in front of her is her friend and equal. I guess that's why I feel safe
talking to Kuro and enjoyed being pushed around by her.

Thinking about this, I toast with my new “blue-skinned friend”.

Perhaps, because of the conversation I've had with Acht, I feel like I became
more comfortable talking to others.

I also felt a little sorry that I was leaving the cooking to Ein-san, but when I
talked about the topic, before I knew it, I was participating in the
conversation, and our meals and drinks have been perfectly supplemented... I
decided not to think about it after it happened.

When the sun had set and the night had fallen, magic tools floating in the air
illuminated the nearby area. As I was looking with interest at the power of
magic that brightens up our surroundings, but doesn't feel too dazzling to my
eyes, Neun-san spoke to me.

[It seems that Miyama-san has been pretty comfortable with everyone huh.]

[Yes, everyone is a good person. Even though I feel that Ein-san and Sechs-san
are peculiar and elusive, Raz-san and Acht are easy to talk to.]

[Fufu, I think I understand what you mean... I guess it's about time.]

[Unn?]

Neun-san is still speaking to me with his unnaturally high-pitched voice, when
he softly muttered upon hearing what I said.

When I was tilting my head to wonder what exactly is about time, Neun-san turned
to me and uttered some surprising words.

[...How is “Japan” right now? Has the emperor finally changed and there's a new
name for the arrival of the new era?]

[Wha—?!]

Not only did he tell me the word “Japan” as if it's normal, Neun-san also knows
about the existence of an emperor.

Could it be that this person is... no, that this human is...

[...It's as you imagined. I'm also a “Japanese” who was previously summoned to
this world. Well, it's actually more of a “former” Japanese, actually.]

[Is... that so...]

[I think it's natural to be surprised. That's why I didn't tell you about it
until Miyama-san got used to the atmosphere.]

In front of the surprised and speechless me, Neun-san touches the full-face
helmet that covered his face. Then, the helmet of his armor puffed into black
smoke and the face of a woman with long, glossy black hair and eyes of the same
color appeared.

She's a Japanese beauty with a combination of cuteness and beauty that can be
described as the epitome of a “Yamato Nadeshiko”. She looks about the same age
as me, but the atmosphere around her is somewhat powerful.

[Let me introduce myself once again... I was once summoned to this world when I
was a student in Japan from the Taisho Era. I refused to return to our former
world, and through the power of Kuromu-sama, “I, who was a former Japanese
human, was reincarnated to a Demon's body”... To Miyama-san, you could say I'm a
person from the past era.]

[...Taisho Era...]

[Yes. By the way, what is the current era called?]

[Taking the characters of peace (平和) and achievement (成功の成), it's
currently the Heisei (平成) Era.]

[Heisei huh... Achieving peace sounds good.]

Hearing her explanation, I felt like such a possibility certainly is feasible.
In this world, the summoning of Heroes has been done many times over the past
thousand years. By simple calculations, there should have been about 100 people
who have been summoned to play the role of the Hero so far, and it wouldn't be
surprising if some of them would want to permanently live in this world.

[Ah, don't worry. It's true that I was from Taisho Era... but due to the nature
of the summoning magic circle, just as you were to return after one year, you
can properly return right at the time that you were summoned. Even if you don't
return right at that time, you can ask the Creator God to send you back.
However, in that case, the time in the different world seems to have moved on a
bit, but decades won't suddenly pass at once. For example, in my case, it should
already be a hundred years over there since I got summoned.]

[...]

[I understand that feeling of not being able to catch up with what's happening.
I also felt the same when I first came to this world.]

When I was unable to respond to Neun-san's words, who explained to me in a calm
feminine voice instead of her strangely high-pitched voice she had used earlier,
Neun-san just smiled and told me she could understand how I felt.

[Well, for that reason... I may be a special case, but for Miyama-san, you could
say that I'm your senpai regarding being summoned, and I think I could answer
your various questions.]

[H-Huh...]

With that, Neun-san began to calmly tell me about her experiences.

The story of her sudden arrival in another world and the confusion she felt, the
difference in culture and common sense they have here compared to Japan, and the
things that she has discovered since she has been summoned to another world...
She told me a lot of things.

The words of an elder who actually experienced life in the other world since she
has been summoned as a hero, there are many things that will be helpful to me in
the future and I found myself listening to her for the rest of the day.

After our conversation is over, Neun-san gets up from her chair and throws a few
words at me with a smile on her face.

[...I don't know if this has filled up the emptiness within me or not.
However... The wish I had in my heart—I was able to find my “treasure” in this
world. Therefore, I'm sure you'll be able to find one yourself, Miyama-san. I
know that you may be confused and your mind's still in chaos, but please try to
enjoy this year.]

[...Yes.]

I understood from those words. The person that Kuro was talking about before,
the person who resembles me must be Neun-san... and Neun-san was able to find
it. That's why she chose to remain in this world and reincarnate as a demon.

And the fact that she came here today to share her experience with me... might
also be a gift filled with kindness from Kuro. This may also be a roundabout way
of advising me, who doesn't even have an answer to my own feelings yet.

I don't know what's going to happen in the future. Whether I find out what I
wanted to do or end up not being able to find it, I won't get the answer if I
just think about it now. However, even just a bit, even if there's just a slight
chance of that happening... Seeing Neun-san smiling without any bewilderment
behind them... I wish I could also be like her.

Shortly after listening to Neun-san, I set down the cup in my hand and stood up.
Moving my gaze, I quickly found the person I was looking for.

She has been talking with people and walking around here and there with a skewer
in hand just a moment ago, but before I knew it, she's away from the others,
sitting down right beside the flowing river.

I didn't have to think too hard to understand that she was probably waiting for
me. The proof of this is the space next to where she's sitting, and the others
probably sensed this too as they haven't approached us.

[...Putting my inner monologue aside, why tatami?]

[Unnn? This is that. That wasabi concept!]

[Are you talking about Wabi-sabi...?][^wabisabi]

[Arehh? Too bad, I was so close to the right one huh\~\~]

Well, I feel like laying out your tatami on the river's edge doesn't seem quite
right, but it's already too late to say that now.

I felt a smile appear in my mouth as I realized that Kuro was still the same as
ever. Kuro then taps the space on the tatami beside her and urges me to sit next
to her.

The sound of the river flowing quietly and the faint scent of leaves wafting
through the air, the air is quiet and calm, as if the liveliness earlier is just
a lie.

[...Is it about time?]

[Unn?]

As Kuro muttered so, the lights went out and my vision went dark for a moment,
but it quickly changed to another color.

[Whoa...]

It's a wondrous sight. The leaves of the trees on the other side of the river
emitted a faint light, as if the entire forest began to lit up.

[The trees around here are called Light Trees. They store a little magic power
from the air and they would emit light every month or so.]

[It's amazing... How should I say this... It's just so overwhelming...]

[Isn't it beautiful?]

[Yes.]

The light isn't strong enough to sting my eyes, they're gentle and faint like
the luminescence of a firefly, and combined with the light reflected off the
surface of the water, it makes it feel as if we are in a sea of stars.

[If it's this beautiful, this place must be a very popular place...]

[This place is very popular. However, I've reserved the whole place, even the
area opposite of the river!]

[Uwaahhh, that sounds bad.]

[Ahaha.]

Just from what I'm seeing, this place seems to be quite a famous tourist
attraction. However, it seems like Kuro had also noticed it, I don't know how
she did it, but she managed to reserve this place for us.

Well, she seems to have connections with the Chairman of the largest trading
company, so it's possible that she could do these things if she wanted to. Hmmm,
how should I say this, I once again realized how amazing Kuro is. Is it better
if I use honorifics when talking to her?

[...Mhmm, I won't like it if you stop talking like usual\~\~.]

[...Roger that.]

[Then, it's good.]

[Hahaha.]

My thoughts, which are too expressive according to her, immediately conveyed
what I'm thinking to her, and Kuro turned her eyes to me in protest in response,
her cheeks puffing up adorably. That's too cute, stop that.

However, how should I put it... I felt like these kinds of conversations are
good. It's a very calming and comforting feeling, as if the strength in my
shoulders is released, along with the fatigue that they're carrying.

[...Thank you, Kuro.]

[Unnn?]

[Well, you've been looking out to me about various things...]

[I'm just doing what I want to do, okay?]

[Still, I want to thank you properly.]

[I see... Then, you're welcome. I guess?]

Even the silence that came after that brief conversation with her isn't
unpleasant, and it rather feels calm and comfortable for me.

[Ei~!]

[Eh? What the—?!]

As I let myself bask in the gentle atmosphere around me, Kuro suddenly yanked me
down with a force unimaginable from her tiny body, and I became speechless as I
felt a soft touch on my head.

A little later, I find myself in a position where I look up at Kuro's face—I
noticed that I'm in that so-called lap pillow, but aside from that, illuminated
by the faint light of the nearby trees, I couldn't help but gasp, looking at the
expression on Kuro's face as she had a small smile on her face.

It's not the innocent, childish smile she usually has, but it's like the smile
of a mother looking at her child—I guess you could call it a motherly
expression? She's just smiling at me, but I felt like I'm being wrapped in her
kindness. And the feel of the soft, warm lap in the back of my head.

[...]

Without saying anything, Kuro began to gently stroke my hair, keeping the smile
on her face.

Even though she's much older than me, the situation is that Kuro, who's a
flawless beauty, is giving me a lap pillow. I would normally have fidgeting
about in embarrassment, but her golden eyes that seem to see everything and the
comfort of being held in her embrace keeps my body and head still

[...Do you feel a little less tired now?]

[Eh?]

[I know that Kaito-kun is a kind child. You're always thinking about the people
around you.]

[...]

[Of all the children summoned this time, Kaito-kun is the oldest. If Kaito-kun
looks anxious, even the other children around you will get anxious too. And
that's why you swallowed your anxiety and impatience, and thought that you
needed to stay calm.]

[...]

Ah, I see—I don't know if I should say that it's as I thought or it should be
expected of her but... Kuro saw through everything.

I've had that feeling for some time now. She has been like that from the moment
we met. Whenever I was about to think too much about something, she'd say
something out of the blue and all my unnecessary thoughts would be blown away...
On the other hand, in the times I felt anxious, she listened and affirmed my
grumbles... That's why I feel comfortable talking with Kuro.

[I think it's really cool that a child can naturally do that. However, fatigue
could be found not only in the body, but in the mind as well. You may not notice
it, but little by little...]

[That... might be so.]

[Kaito-kun, did you have fun today?]

[Yeah, I feel like it's been a long time since I've been surprised by so many
things and had a carefree conversation without trying to fit in with my
surroundings. It's thanks to Kuro...]

[I see, if that's the case, I'm glad.]

The wondrous faint lights, the gentle touch of the hand stroking my head, and
the affectionate smile that looks straight at me. It could really be as Kuro
said, I may have been storing up my fatigue for some time. Ever since I came to
the other world, or perhaps, long before that...

[Kaito-kun, just a little bit, even if it's just for a little bit... You can
depend on me. Why don't you rest for a bit? Even if it's just so that we could
do our best tomorrow again... Okay?]

[...Yeah.]

Her gentle voice lulled me like a lullaby, I felt my eyelids drop with a sense
of relief that I can't put into words.

I can feel the warmth touch and the fragrance of her scent, and her voice that
seemed to gently permeate around me...

[It's alright. I would be here with you...]

Hearing such words, I remembered about the past. When was the last time I had
been pampered by someone? This may have been the first time since Mom and Dad
“left”.

Eventually, I felt my consciousness slowly sink into sleep.

I don't know how much time passed, but I woke up and joined the rest in sharing
barbecue again, chatted with the others and before I knew it, the time had
passed in a flash.

I thought about helping with the cleanup, but there wasn't a single speck of
dust left in the area by Ein's hands. With a wry smile that spontaneously
appeared on my face, I heard Neun-san call out to me.

[Miyama-san. If you want, I have some souvenirs you can take home with you...
First, here.]

[What's this?]

Ein-san handed me a... black, square block-shaped jewel? There doesn't seem to
be anything special about it other than its shape.

[This is, well... To put it simply, it's like a storehouse that you can carry
around. It has Spatial Magic and State Preservation Magic on it, making it able
to store all sorts of things in it.]

[...Doesn't it make this jewel something really amazing...]

That is to say, isn't this that thing?! That's the Item Box that's a must for
any Isekai stuff! I see, Ein-san was using a magic tool like this to prepare
various things in an instant... However, wouldn't this thing be quite expensive?

[No no, it's not that big of a deal. I made it out of the leftovers this
morning, so don't be shy and just accept it.]

[Sechs-sama is a master in making magic tools after all.]

[T-Thank you very much.]

Probably sensing my anxiety, Sechs-san calmly laughed and told me not to worry
about it. Thanks to the fact that I've gotten to know him to a certain extent,
I've noticed that even though Sechs-san looks like a skeleton, his expression
changes properly. It might be strange, but I heard that there even are demons in
the Demon Realm that have bodies made of ore, so if I just think about small
details, it would be my loss.

[Muuu\~ Even though I thought I would make Kaito-kun's “Magic Box” myself~]

[Please give him a break. If Kuromu-sama used her magic power just to make it,
it would become a national treasure just by itself...]

In response to Kuro who muttered out her complaints while puffing out her
cheeks, Acht muttered something that sounds disturbing for some reason.

Apparently, this thing is called a Magic Box. Probably sensing my lack of
understanding, Raz-san added some additional explanation.

[The amount of stuff that can be put into the Magic Box depends on the magic
power of the creator\~\~]

[Is that so?]

[Yeah, someone with an average magic power could make a Magic Box about the size
of a closet as large as a room... But with Kuromu-sama's magic power, it would
probably have a ridiculous amount of space that I think could fit an entire
metropolis in it.]

I don't know if I should say that it's to be expected from Kuro or something
like that, but I certainly couldn't see any future where I would want an
outrageous item like that. This made me doubly grateful for Sechs-san.

[Well, I think the space in Lord Sechs's Magic Box would be bigger than a house
though.]

[...]

...Even the substitute was already ridiculous enough huh.

While I'm surprised by the words Acht told me, Neun-san made some kind of magic
circle-like object appear in the box and as she pointed to the center of the
magic circle, she spoke.

[Touch the center of the magic circle. Then, the ownership will be registered to
Miyama-san. Ah, you don't have to be clad in magic power in particular.]

[Ah, yes.]

Touching the magic box as I was told, the magic box glowed for a moment, but
there's no particular change in it's appearance. Did I do it right?

[Yes, the ownership has been successfully registered to Miyama-san. Next,
well... The way to use it is easy. Holding the magic box, think of the thing you
want to take out and you would be able to, and if you think of storing an item
while touching the item you want to store, you would like to store it. Ah, you
can't store living beings, so just keep that in mind... After that, you could
also check the contents, and you could also make the magic box itself recall and
reappear.]

Receiving Neun-san's explanation, I tried recalling the magic box in my hand,
and in an instant, the black jewel disappeared. When I thought of making the
magic box appear again, it appeared in my hand. What the heck, this is very
convenient! As one would expect from magic!

Seeing me being impressed by the magic box, Neun-san smiled and then made a
magic box appear on her hand as well.

[Well then, once again, I'll be giving you some souvenirs.]

[Eh? Isn't the souvenir this magic box...?]

[Ah, no, it's just because having that would be convenient to carry and store
stuff... That aside, these are actually the main stuff!]

[T-These are... Could these be...]

What Neun-san took out was a white wondrous stuff compressed into a triangular
shape and it looks like it's shining to me right now. The yellow color of the
garnish makes a wonderful contrast and even feels divine to me now.

[Yes, the heart of the Japanese... Onigiri and Takuan! I thought you might be
missing them by now.][^onigiri]

[Gulp.]

I couldn't help but gulp down looking at it. Neun-san... So you're actually a
goddess...

It's the fifth day since I came to a different world... The food we have at
Lilia-san's mansion is extremely delicious. However, I guess it may just be a
Japanese thing, but as expected, when I'm being served bread every single day, I
tend to miss the white rice.

But unfortunately, there is no white rice in Lilia-san's house. I've heard that
white rice exists, but in spite of that, eating bread is the norm in this world
and rice is rarely distributed. I was even prepared to eat bread for the whole
year.

[W-Would it be alright? I heard that rice isn't widely distributed in this
world, so it should be valuable...]

[You don't have to worry about it. These are rice I grew personally. I assure
you that it tastes great. I'm also a former Japanese, so as expected, I wouldn't
like to eat bread all the time. I have prepared lots of them, so please enjoy it
with the others.]

[Thank you very much! I'm really happy for this!]

What a surprise, Neun-san says she personally makes her own white rice. I'm
aware that they would earn her some money, but I'm seriously happy about this. I
could even see a halo shining behind Neun-san's back.

Moreover, the color and shape of these onigiris is wonderful. I can tell that
it's delicious for sure just by looking at it. Not only in her appearance, her
actions are like a mirror of a Japanese.

[...Even though she said that, it's Sister Raz who made the rice and Elder
Sister was the one who cooked it.]

[Uggh...]

[By the way, we don't eat a lot of rice, so it's almost only Neun-san asking for
it, or rather, I felt like she just made it because she's throwing a tantrum
about wanting to eat it.]

[...She was very enthusiastic, saying “If it's breakfast, it's no good if it
isn't white rice, takuan and miso soup!”.]

[Uuuuuu...]

Ah, it's not Neun-san who made it huh...

With Acht and Ein-san's tsukkomi, Neun-san's shoulders slumped as if to say that
she had been hit in a sore spot.

[...Even I tried to do it myself in the beginning. However, compared to Raz-sama
who grows the highest quality produce regardless of the weather or topography,
or Ein-sama who could bring out the flavor more skillfully than a skilled cook,
how am I supposed to win over them...?]

[Ahaha, well, Raz also had fun raising all the rice-san\~ You don't need to
worry about it.]

[I'm a maid, so please don't compare me to a mere cook. Being able to cook all
kinds of food is the least I can do as a maid.]

Apparently, Raz-san is an expert in farming. Also, I don't know how many times
I've had to go through this... but what exactly is a maid? Is it actually the
title of a superhuman?

[Well, whoever is making it, it's thanks to Neun-san that I got the white rice.
Thank you very much.]

I gave comforting words to the slumping Neun-san, and after a little while, I
received the souvenir from Neun-san who finally revived.

The magic box has a magic that preserves the state of the rice in the box, and
it has a wonderful function that keeps it in the same condition it was when you
put it in, so I can eat freshly made rice whenever I put some in it.

Moreover, as Neun-san said, she had prepared large quantities of rice, so I
don't have to worry about white rice or takuan for the time being.

And what's more, I'm also given soy sauce, miso and other seasonings, as well as
some Japanese sweets such as youkan. Apparently, Neun-san also requested Ein-san
to make this... This person seriously can do anything.

[I'm really grateful for everything... Thank you very much.]

[Please don't worry about it. As someone from the same world, I can understand
the hardships of the different food cultures more than anyone else... And not
only are you an invaluable friend for Kuromu-sama, Miyama-san, but to us as
well. You can always count on us for help.]

[She's right\~ Raz is always willing to help\~ When it comes to plants, you can
leave it to me~!]

[Yeah yeah, you don't have to worry about it. Just the thought of repaying this
favor someday is enough for us.]

[...Ara? I don't recall you being involved with any of the souvenirs though?]

[...Elder Sister, you promised that you wouldn't say that...]

Ugghh... I feel like the warmth of these people(?) soaking into my body. I mean,
these people are so nice that I'm almost in tears.

Receiving so many gifts, I just bowed my head over and over again as they just
told me not to worry about it. I'm really glad and grateful that they called me
their friend and treated me as if it's natural. I really can't thank Kuro enough
for organizing this barbecue.

Then, as I chatted with them for a bit, Neun-san opened her mouth again, looking
a little reluctant to say something.

[...Miyama-san. I'm not saying that this is something that I'm asking in return,
and I won't mind if you don't know what I'm talking about...]

[What is it?]

[...Do you have any idea how to make tofu?]

[Tofu, is it?]

It was an unexpected question that Neun-san asked me.

According to her, products similar to rice and takuan have existed before, and
as for the mison and soy sauce, Neun-san made it with the knowledge she had
about them, but she was unable to make tofu just by knowing that they're made
from soybeans.

As expected, even Ein-san wouldn't know how to make tofu just by listening to
the characteristics of the finished product and even Neun-san somehow wanted to
know how to create tofu.

It would have been nice if she was able to ask the previous heroes, but the
heroes are basically state guests and they travel around the country, so she had
little opportunities to talk to them and she felt awkward approaching just to
ask them about it.

However, this was the first time that Neun-san had a chance to talk with me, a
Japanese, so she decided to ask me about it.

As I recall, Neun-san was born in the Taisho Era and was summoned when she was
much younger than I was, and at that time, there were few ways for individuals
to obtain knowledge they didn't know about, especially with the lack of
internet.

I'm sure that she feels bad that she's trying to get information in return for
the white rice, but I rather appreciate the opportunity to return the favor.

[This is just something I've heard myself, but if I'm not mistaken...]

Though I explained so, that doesn't mean I've actually made tofu before either.
However, when I started living on my own as a university student, I remembered
reading through some cooking sites and I happened to see a recipe for making
tofu. I told her about the things I remembered from that.

However, I've only read about it, so I told her right from the start that I
don't know much about the quantities needed for each ingredient or stuff like
that...

[...I see, I think I roughly understand how to make it now. Neun-sama told me it
was just a white, jiggly food made from soybeans, so I didn't understand, but I
could roughly imagine it after what Kaito-sama explained. I think I'll be able
to produce it with no problems.]

Although I felt that I had poorly explained how to make it, Ein-san seems to
have understood the process to some extent. She nodded her head, saying that
it's possible to reproduce it. It's frightening thinking that this outrageous
person would be able to make it really quickly.

[Thank you very much! Miyama-san! With this, I could finally get some tofu!]

[Ah, no, it would be me who should be the one thanking you...]

As if she's very happy to hear that she can eat tofu, Neun-san held my hands
with a really happy smile on her face.

Neun-san has been in this world for hundreds of years, so this might be the
first time she may be able to eat tofu for a long time, and as a big fan of
Japanese food, it must have been a real delight for Neun-san. In any case, I'm
glad that she's happy about it.

![Insert 3](../../_Images/v01/Insert3.png#.insert)

Thereupon, the time to say goodbye came and everyone saw me off as I got into
the carriage that's picking me up.

After some follow ups from Acht and the others, Kuro, who had been sulking,
seemed to be in a good mood and was waving at me with a bright smile on her
face.

[Well then, Kaito-kun. I'll come visit you again tomorrow~]

[Ah, thank you again for everything, Kuro.]

[Miyama-san, I'll go share some of the tofu with you when they're ready.]

[Yes. I'm looking forward to it.]

[Oh, then I'll be going with you at that time then, and unlike Kuromu-sama and
Lord Sechs, I'm not famous in the Human Realm, so I can visit you out front. I
think my partner would want to meet Kaito as well, so that would be perfect.]

[Ahaha, you have to at least try to look human though, Acht.]

[Raz is also coming\~\~]

[Yes. By all means.]

[I'll be visiting Duchess Albert together with Sei later, so we can talk at that
time as well.]

[Yes, I'll be expecting your visit.]

[Kaito-sama, please take care of yourself... I hope to see you again.]

[Thank you very much. Ein-san.]

Smiling at the words that everyone said, I got into the carriage and waved back
at everyone who was waving at me.

Today was really fun, and I think it was a good change for my mental state as
well. When I get back to Lilia-san's mansion, I'll again write in my diary,
which is in the form of a letter to my deceased parents, and tell them about
today's events. Hmmm, I've made some friends in another world... or something
like that.

[^shinnenkai]:
    Sanganichi means as what Kaito has explained, shinnenkai is New Year
    Gathering, a Japanese tradition of welcoming the arrival of the New Year,
    usually by drinking alcohol.

[^wabisabi]:
    Wabi-sabi is a Japanese philosophy that focuses on the beauty and
    appreciation of things imperfect and impermanent.

[^onigiri]: "Onigiri" means "Riceballs", and "Takuan" is "Pickled Daikon Radish"
